item 1a. risk factors.
in addition to the other information in this 2015 annual report, any of the factors described below could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline.
this report contains "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and performance. we generally identify forward-looking statements by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "could," "expect," "intend," "project," "plan," "predict," "believe," "seek," "continue," "outlook," "may," "might," "will," "should," "can have," "likely" or the negative version of these words or comparable words or by using future dates in connection with any discussion of future performance, actions or events. forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions made by management using currently available information. these statements are not guarantees of future performance, actions or events.
in particular, forward-looking statements include statements relating to our indebtedness, our ability to make interest and principal payments on our indebtedness, our ability to satisfy the covenants contained in our indebtedness, the redemption of the notes, expectations regarding indebtedness, the repurchase of shares, future use of cash and dividend payments, future actions, business plans or prospects, prospective products, product approvals or products under development, r&d costs, timing and likelihood of success, future operating or financial performance, future results of current and anticipated products and services, strategies, sales efforts, expenses, production efficiencies, production margins, interest rates, tax rates, changes in tax regimes and laws, foreign exchange rates, growth in emerging markets, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, our agreements with pfizer, the expected timing and content of regulatory actions, government regulation and financial results. forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and are potentially inaccurate assumptions. however, there may also be other risks that we are unable to predict at this time. if one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if management's underlying beliefs and assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by a forward-looking statement. you should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made.
we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or by the rules and regulations of the sec. you are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our form 10-q and 8-k reports and our other filings with the sec. we note these factors for investors as permitted by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. you should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.
risks related to our business and industry restrictions and bans on the use of antibacterials in food-producing animals may become more prevalent.
the issue of the potential transfer of increased antibacterial resistance in bacteria from food-producing animals to human pathogens, and the causality of that transfer, continue to be the subject of global scientific and regulatory discussion. antibacterials refer to small molecules that can be used to treat or prevent bacterial infections and are a sub-categorization of the products that make up our anti-infectives and medicated feed additives portfolios. in some countries, this issue has led to government restrictions and bans on the use of specific antibacterials in some food-producing animals, regardless of the route of administration (in feed or injectable). these restrictions are more prevalent in countries where animal protein is plentiful and governments are willing to take action even when there is scientific uncertainty. our total revenue attributable to antibacterials for livestock was approximately $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015.
for example, in december 2013, the fda announced final guidance establishing procedures for the voluntary phase out in the united states over a three-year period of the use of medically important antibacterials in animal feed for growth promotion in food production animals (medically important antibacterials include classes that are prescribed in animal and human health). the guidance provides for continued use of antibacterials in food producing animals for treatment, control and under certain circumstances for prevention of disease, all under the supervision of a veterinarian. the fda indicated that they took this action to help preserve the efficacy of medically important antibacterials to treat infections in humans. zoetis supports the fda's efforts to voluntarily phase-out growth promotion indications for medically important antibiotics in food producing animals and will comply with procedures outlined in the december 2013 fda guidance. in addition, in october 2014, the french parliament passed a law that prohibits rebates and discounts on antibiotics and requires the reporting of antibiotics sold to and agreements entered into with certain animal healthcare providers (including veterinarians, veterinary schools, pharmacists and students). the parliament indicated that the law is in response to a government initiative aimed at fighting antimicrobial resistance in animals and reducing the use of certain categories of antibiotics by 25% (compared to 2013) by december 31, 2016.
we cannot predict whether antibacterial resistance concerns will result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations or public pressure to discontinue or reduce use of antibacterials in food-producing animals, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
perceived adverse effects on human health linked to the consumption of food derived from animals that utilize our products could cause a decline in the sales of such products.
our livestock business depends heavily on a healthy and growing livestock industry. if the public perceives a risk to human health from the consumption of the food derived from animals that utilize our products, there may be a decline in the production of such food products and, in turn, demand for our products. for example, livestock producers may experience decreased demand for their products or reputational harm as a result of evolving consumer views of animal rights, nutrition, health-related or other concerns. any reputational harm to the livestock industry may also extend to companies in related industries, including our company. adverse consumer views related to the use of one or more of our products in livestock also may result in a decrease in the use of such products and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
12 |
increased regulation or decreased governmental financial support relating to the raising, processing or consumption of food-producing animals could reduce demand for our livestock products.
companies in the livestock industries are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations. if livestock producers are adversely affected by new regulations or changes to existing regulations, they may reduce herd sizes or become less profitable and, as a result, they may reduce their use of our products, which may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. furthermore, new or more stringent regulations could, directly or indirectly, impact the use of one or more of our products. more stringent regulation of the livestock industry or our products could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. also, many food-producing companies, including livestock producers, benefit from governmental subsidies, and if such subsidies were to be reduced or eliminated, these companies may become less profitable and, as a result, may reduce their use of our products.
an outbreak of infectious disease carried by animals could negatively affect the sale and production of our products.
sales of our livestock products could be materially adversely affected by the outbreak of disease carried by animals, which could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of animals as well as the reduced consumption and demand for animal protein. in addition, outbreaks of disease carried by animals may reduce regional or global sales of particular animal-derived food products or result in reduced exports of such products, either due to heightened export restrictions or import prohibitions, which may reduce demand for our products due to reduced herd or flock sizes. in recent years, outbreaks of various diseases, including avian influenza, foot-and-mouth disease, bovine spongiform encephalopathy (otherwise known as bse or mad cow disease) or porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (otherwise known as pedv), have impacted the animal health business. for example, incidences of bse in the united states and brazil in 2012 led certain countries to implement additional inspections of, or suspend the importation of, u.s. and brazilian beef. similarly, outbreaks of highly pathogenic h5 avian flu affected (infected or exposed) 48 million birds in the united states in 2014 and 2015, and significantly impacted the egg and turkey industry. the discovery of additional cases of any of these, or new, diseases may result in additional restrictions on animal proteins, reduced herd sizes, or reduced demand for, animal protein, which may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. also, the outbreak of any highly contagious disease near our main production sites could require us to immediately halt production of our products at such sites or force us to incur substantial expenses in procuring raw materials or products elsewhere.
consolidation of our customers could negatively affect the pricing of our products.
veterinarians and livestock producers are our primary customers. in recent years, there has been a trend towards the concentration of veterinarians in large clinics and hospitals. in addition, livestock producers, particularly swine and poultry producers, have seen recent consolidation in their industries. furthermore, we have seen the expansion of larger cross-border corporate customers and an increase in the consolidation of buying groups (cooperatives of veterinary practices that leverage volume to pursue discounts from manufacturers). the pace of customer consolidation and structure of markets varies greatly across geographies. if these trends towards consolidation continue, these customers could attempt to improve their profitability by leveraging their buying power to obtain favorable pricing. the resulting decrease in our prices could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
our business may be negatively affected by weather conditions and the availability of natural resources.
the animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in particular regions are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests, such as ticks. as a result, we may experience regional and seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations.
in addition, veterinary hospitals and practitioners depend on visits from and access to animals under their care. veterinarians' patient volume and ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience prolonged snow, ice or other weather conditions, particularly in regions not accustomed to sustained inclement weather. furthermore, livestock producers depend on the availability of natural resources, including large supplies of fresh water. their animals' health and their ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience a shortage of fresh water due to human population growth or floods, droughts or other weather conditions. in the event of adverse weather conditions or a shortage of fresh water, veterinarians or livestock producers may purchase less of our products.
for example, the widespread drought that impacted the united states in 2011, 2012 and in some regions in 2013 was considered the worst in many years, resulting in a reduction in the total cow herd in 2013. droughts such as this one can lead to a decrease in harvested corn and higher corn prices, which may impact the profitability of livestock producers of cattle, pork and poultry. higher corn prices may contribute to reductions in herd or flock sizes that may result in reduced spending on animal health products. in addition, droughts can lead to reduced availability of grazing pastures, forcing cattle producers to cull their herds. fewer heads of cattle could result in reduced demand for our products. a prolonged drought could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
our business is subject to risk based on global economic conditions.
macroeconomic, business and financial disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. certain of our customers and suppliers could be affected directly by an economic downturn and could face credit issues or cash flow problems that could give rise to payment delays, increased credit risk, bankruptcies and other financial hardships that could decrease the demand for our products or hinder our ability to collect amounts due from customers. for example, the economic downturns experienced in many markets across the globe have had an impact on certain of our customers and, as a result, on our operating results in those affected markets. if one or more of our large customers, including distributors, discontinue their relationship with us as a result of economic conditions or otherwise, our operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. in addition, economic concerns may cause some pet owners to forgo or defer visits to veterinary practices or could reduce their willingness to treat pet health conditions or even to continue to own a pet. furthermore, our exposure to credit and collectability risk is higher in certain international markets and our ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. while we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit and collectability risk, there can be no assurances such procedures will effectively limit such risk and avoid losses.
13 |
our business is subject to risk based on customer exposure to rising costs and reduced customer income.
feed, fuel and transportation and other key costs for livestock producers may increase or animal protein prices or sales may decrease. either of these trends could cause deterioration in the financial condition of our livestock product customers, potentially inhibiting their ability to purchase our products or pay us for products delivered. our livestock product customers may offset rising costs by reducing spending on our products, including by switching to lower-cost alternatives to our products. in addition, concerns about the financial resources of pet owners also could cause veterinarians to alter their treatment recommendations in favor of lower-cost alternatives to our products. these shifts could result in a decrease in sales of our companion animal products, especially in developed countries where there is a higher rate of pet ownership.
changes in distribution channels for companion animal products could negatively impact our market share, margins and distribution of our products.
in most markets, companion animal owners typically purchase their animal health products directly from veterinarians. companion animal owners increasingly have the option to purchase animal health products from sources other than veterinarians, such as internet-based retailers, "big-box" retail stores or other over-the-counter distribution channels. this trend has been demonstrated by the significant shift away from the veterinarian distribution channel in the sale of flea and tick products in recent years. companion animal owners also could decrease their reliance on, and visits to, veterinarians as they rely more on internet-based animal health information. because we market our companion animal prescription products through the veterinarian distribution channel, any decrease in visits to veterinarians by companion animal owners could reduce our market share for such products and materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. in addition, companion animal owners may substitute human health products for animal health products if human health products are deemed to be lower-cost alternatives.
legislation has also been proposed in the united states, and may be proposed in the united states or abroad in the future, that could impact the distribution channels for our companion animal products. for example, such legislation may require veterinarians to provide pet owners with written prescriptions and disclosure that the pet owner may fill prescriptions through a third party, which may further reduce the number of pet owners who purchase their animal health products directly from veterinarians. such requirements may lead to increased use of generic alternatives to our products or the increased substitution of our products with other animal health products or human health products if such other products are deemed to be lower-cost alternatives. many states already have regulations requiring veterinarians to provide prescriptions to pet owners upon request and the american veterinary medical association has long-standing policies in place to encourage this practice.
over time, these and other competitive conditions may increase our reliance on internet-based retailers, "big-box" retail stores or other over-the-counter distribution channels to sell our companion animal products. we may be unable to sustain our current margins and we may not be adequately prepared or able to distribute our products if an increased portion of our sales is through these channels. any of these events could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
the animal health industry is highly competitive.
the animal health industry is highly competitive. we believe many of our competitors are conducting r&d activities in areas served by our products and in areas in which we are developing products. our competitors include the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies and specialty animal health businesses. there are also several new start-up companies working in the animal health area. these competitors may have access to greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources. as a result, they may be able to devote more resources to developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling their products, initiating or withstanding substantial price competition or more readily taking advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities. in addition to competition from established market participants, new entrants to the animal health medicines and vaccines industry could substantially reduce our market share or render our products obsolete.
to the extent that any of our competitors are more successful with respect to any key competitive factor or we are forced to reduce, or are unable to raise, the price of any of our products in order to remain competitive, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. competitive pressure could arise from, among other things, safety and efficacy concerns, limited demand growth or a significant number of additional competitive products being introduced into a particular market, price reductions by competitors, the ability of competitors to capitalize on their economies of scale, the ability of competitors to produce or otherwise procure animal health products at lower costs than us and the ability of competitors to access more or newer technology than us.
generic products may be viewed as more cost-effective than our products.
we face competition from products produced by other companies, including generic alternatives to our products. we depend on patents and data exclusivity periods to provide us with exclusive marketing rights for some of our products. our patent protection for these products extends for varying periods in accordance with the dates of filing or grant and the legal life of patents in countries in which patents are granted. the protection afforded by our patents, which varies from country to country, is limited by the following in the applicable country: the scope and applicable terms of our patents and the availability and enforcement of legal remedies. as a result, we may face competition from lower-priced generic alternatives to many of our products. generic competitors are becoming more aggressive in terms of launching at risk before our patent rights expire, and their pricing, and generic products are an increasing percentage of overall animal health sales in certain regions. in addition, private label products may compete with our products. for example, in july and december 2014, several companies launched generic versions of our rimadyl chewable product. as a result, sales of our rimadyl chewable product decreased by approximately 6% in 2015. if animal health customers increase their use of new or existing generic or private label products, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. we estimate that approximately 80% of our revenue in 2014 was derived from products that are either unpatented (i.e., never patented or off-patent) or covered by our patents that, while providing a competitive advantage, may not provide market exclusivity. over the next several years, several of our products' patents will expire.
14 |
we may not successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form and manage alliances or divest businesses.
we pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, strategic alliances or divestitures of some of our businesses as part of our business strategy. we may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or at all. in addition, we may be subject to regulatory constraints or limitations or other unforeseen factors that prevent us from realizing the expected benefits. even if we are successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. we may be unable to integrate acquisitions successfully into our existing business, and we may be unable to achieve expected gross margin improvements or efficiencies. we also could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. our reported results of operations could be negatively affected by acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. we may be subject to litigation in connection with, or as a result of, acquisitions, dispositions, licenses or other alliances, including claims from terminated employees, customers or third parties, and we may be liable for future or existing litigation and claims related to the acquired business, disposition, license or other alliance because either we are not indemnified for such claims or the indemnification is insufficient. these effects could cause us to incur significant expenses and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
we may not successfully implement our business strategies or achieve expected gross margin improvements.
we are pursuing, and will continue to pursue, strategic initiatives that management considers critical to our long-term success, including, but not limited to, increasing sales in emerging markets, operational revenue growth through new product development and value-added product lifecycle innovation; improving operational efficiency through manufacturing efficiency improvement and other programs; using cash flow from operations to service or reduce debt; and expanding our complementary products and services. we also have acquired or partnered with a number of smaller animal health businesses, and we intend to continue to do so in the future. there are significant risks involved with the execution of these initiatives, including significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. accordingly, we cannot predict whether we will succeed in implementing these strategic initiatives. it could take several years to realize the anticipated benefits from these initiatives, if any benefits are achieved at all. we may be unable to achieve expected gross margin improvements on our products and technologies, including those acquired and those developed internally. additionally, our business strategy may change from time to time, which could delay our ability to implement initiatives that we believe are important to our business.
our business could be affected adversely by labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages.
some of our employees are members of unions, works councils, trade associations or are otherwise subject to collective bargaining agreements in certain jurisdictions, including the united states. as a result, we are subject to the risk of labor disputes, strikes, work stoppages and other labor-relations matters. we may be unable to negotiate new collective bargaining agreements on similar or more favorable terms and may experience work stoppages or other labor problems in the future at our sites. we could experience a disruption of our operations or higher ongoing labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, potentially resulting in canceled orders by customers, unanticipated inventory accumulation or shortages and reduced revenue and net income. we may also experience difficulty or delays in implementing changes to our workforce in certain markets. in addition, labor problems at our suppliers or cmos could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
loss of our executive officers could disrupt our operations.
we depend on the efforts of our executive officers. our executive officers are not currently, and are not expected to be, subject to non-compete provisions. in addition, we generally do not enter into employment agreements with our executive officers. any unplanned turnover or our failure to develop an adequate succession plan for one or more of our executive officer positions could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitive advantage. the loss or limited availability of the services of one or more of our executive officers, or our inability to recruit and retain qualified executive officers in the future, could, at least temporarily, have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we may experience difficulties, delays or unexpected costs and not achieve anticipated benefits and savings from our recently announced comprehensive operational efficiency initiative.
on may 5, 2015, we announced an initiative to simplify our operations, improve our efficiency and cost structure, and better allocate our resources to key growth opportunities in animal health. as part of the initiative, we have reduced staff and plan to close or divest certain facilities. we may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits and savings from our efforts due to unforeseen difficulties, the complexity inherent in unwinding our current structure, and delays or unexpected costs, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
following the completion of our program, we will execute our business initiatives with fewer staff and, in some instances, existing employees will be transitioning to new key roles. we must also attract, retain and motivate key employees who are critical to our business. if we are unable to effectively execute with fewer staff members, transition key roles and/or attract, retain and motivate key employees, it may adversely impact our business.
we may be required to write down goodwill or identifiable intangible assets.
under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (u.s. gaap), if we determine goodwill or identifiable intangible assets are impaired, we will be required to write down these assets and record a non-cash impairment charge. as of december 31, 2015, we had goodwill of $1,455 million and identifiable intangible assets, less accumulated amortization, of $1,190 million. identifiable intangible assets consist primarily of developed technology rights, brands, trademarks, license agreements, patents and in-process r&d.
determining whether an impairment exists and the amount of the potential impairment involves quantitative data and qualitative criteria that are based on estimates and assumptions requiring significant management judgment. future events or new information may change management's valuation of an intangible asset in a short amount of time. the timing and amount of impairment charges recorded in our consolidated statements of
15 |
income and write-downs recorded in our consolidated balance sheets could vary if management's conclusions change. any impairment of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial position.
our historical combined financial data is not necessarily representative of the results we would have achieved as an independent company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results.
our historical combined financial data for periods prior to the ipo (the years ended december 31, 2011 and 2012, and the period ended january 31, 2013) included in this 2015 annual report does not reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows we would have achieved as an independent company during the periods presented or those we will achieve in the future. this is primarily the result of the following factors:
•   our historical combined financial data does not reflect the separation;
•   our historical combined financial data reflects expense allocations for certain support functions that are provided on a centralized basis within pfizer, such as expenses for business technology, facilities, legal, finance, human resources, business development, public affairs and procurement, as well as certain manufacturing and supply costs incurred by manufacturing sites that are shared with other pfizer business units that may be higher or lower than the comparable expenses we would have actually incurred, or will incur, as an independent company;
•   our cost of debt and our capital structure is different from that reflected in our historical combined financial statements;
•   significant increases may occur in our cost structure as a result of our being an independent public company, including costs related to public company reporting, investor relations and compliance with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (sarbanes-oxley act); and
•   loss of economies of scale as a result of our no longer being a part of pfizer.
our financial condition and future results of operations will be materially different from amounts reflected in our historical combined financial statements included in this 2015 annual report for the periods prior to the ipo. as a result of the separation, it may be difficult for investors to compare our future results to historical results or to evaluate our relative performance or trends in our business.
risks related to research and development our r&d, acquisition and licensing efforts may fail to generate new products and product lifecycle innovations.
our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. we commit substantial effort, funds and other resources to r&d, both through our own dedicated resources and through collaborations with third parties.
we may be unable to determine with accuracy when or whether any of our products now under development will be approved or launched, or we may be unable to develop, license or otherwise acquire product candidates or products. in addition, we cannot predict whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful or will achieve sales and revenue that are consistent with our expectations. the animal health industry is subject to regional and local trends and regulations and, as a result, products that are successful in some of our markets may not achieve similar success when introduced into new markets. furthermore, the timing and cost of our r&d may increase, and our r&d may become less predictable. for example, changes in regulations applicable to our industry may make it more time-consuming and/or costly to research, develop and register products.
products in the animal health industry are sometimes derived from molecules and compounds discovered or developed as part of human health research. in addition to the r&d collaboration and license agreement with pfizer, we expect to enter into other collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties to provide us with access to compounds and other technology for purposes of our business. such agreements are typically complex and require time to negotiate and implement. if we enter into these arrangements, we may not be able to maintain these relationships or establish new ones in the future on acceptable terms or at all. in addition, any collaboration that we enter into may not be successful, and the success may depend on the efforts and actions of our collaborators, which we may not be able to control. if we are unable to access human health-generated molecules and compounds to conduct r&d on cost-effective terms, our ability to develop some types of new products could be limited.
advances in veterinary medical practices and animal health technologies could negatively affect the market for our products.
the market for our products could be impacted negatively by the introduction and/or broad market acceptance of newly-developed or alternative products that address the diseases and conditions for which we sell products, including "green" or "holistic" health products or specially bred disease-resistant animals. in addition, technological breakthroughs by others may obviate our technology and reduce or eliminate the market for our products. introduction or acceptance of such products or technologies could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our r&d relies on evaluations in animals, which may become subject to bans or additional regulations.
as an animal health medicines and vaccines business, the evaluation of our existing and new products in animals is required to register our products. animal testing in certain industries has been the subject of controversy and adverse publicity. some organizations and individuals have attempted to ban animal testing or encourage the adoption of additional regulations applicable to animal testing. to the extent that the activities of such organizations and individuals are successful, our r&d, and by extension our operating results and financial condition, could be materially adversely affected. in addition, negative publicity about us or our industry could harm our reputation.
16 |
risks related to manufacturing manufacturing problems and capacity imbalances may cause product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls or unanticipated costs.
in order to sell our products, we must be able to produce and ship our products in sufficient quantities. on december 31, 2015, we had a global manufacturing network consisting of 28 manufacturing sites located in 12 countries. as part of our operational efficiency program, we have subsequently exited, or are in the process of exiting, certain of these sites. for more information, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations- recent developments. in addition, 11 pfizer sites located in 11 countries manufacture certain of our products for us. included in these pfizer sites is our facility in guarulhos, brazil, where pfizer will continue its manufacturing operations for a short period of time. these pfizer sites consist of sites operated by pfizer that, immediately prior to the separation, predominantly manufactured human health products. we also employ a network of approximately 200 cmos. many of our products involve complex manufacturing processes and are sole-sourced from certain manufacturing sites.
minor deviations in our manufacturing or logistical processes, such as temperature excursions or improper package sealing, could result in delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs, product recalls, product liability and/or regulatory action. in addition, a number of factors could cause production interruptions, including:
•   the failure of us or any of our vendors or suppliers, including logistical service providers, to comply with applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines;
•   construction delays;
•   equipment malfunctions;
•   shortages of materials;
•   labor problems;
•   natural disasters;
•   power outages;
•   criminal and terrorist activities;
•   changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in types of products produced, shipping distributions or physical limitations; and
•   the outbreak of any highly contagious diseases near our production sites.
these interruptions could result in launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls, unanticipated costs or issues with our agreements under which we supply third parties, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. for example, our manufacturing site in medolla, italy was damaged in an earthquake in may 2012, which resulted in production interruptions at that site. in addition, we have experienced challenges in manufacturing apoquel that have impacted our ability to meet customer demand. as a result, we have had to place limits on the amounts of this product veterinarians can purchase and have delayed the launch of the product in certain markets.
our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. the unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand (including as a result of market conditions or entry of branded or generic competition) increase the potential for capacity imbalances. in addition, construction of sites is expensive, and our ability to recover costs will depend on the market acceptance and success of the products produced at the new sites, which is uncertain.
as part of our operational efficiency program, our manufacturing network is undergoing significant changes. we may be unable to achieve the planned cost-savings from these changes. in addition, we may experience delays and disruptions in our supply network as a result of these activities.
we rely on third parties to provide us with materials and services and are subject to increased labor and material costs.
the materials used to manufacture our products may be subject to availability constraints and price volatility caused by changes in demand, weather conditions, supply conditions, government regulations, economic climate and other factors. in addition, labor costs may be subject to volatility caused by the supply of labor, governmental regulations, economic climate and other factors. increases in the demand for, availability or the price of, materials used to manufacture our products and increases in labor costs could increase the costs to manufacture our products. we may not be able to pass all or a material portion of any higher material or labor costs on to our customers, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
in addition, certain third-party suppliers are the sole source of certain materials necessary for production of our products. we may be unable to meet demand for certain of our products if any of our third-party suppliers cease or interrupt operations, fail to renew contracts with us or otherwise fail to meet their obligations to us.
risks related to legal matters and regulation we may incur substantial costs and receive adverse outcomes in litigation and other legal matters.
our operating results, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected by unfavorable results in pending or future litigation matters. these matters include, among other things, allegations of violation of united states and foreign competition laws, labor laws, consumer protection laws, and environmental laws and regulations, as well as claims or litigations relating to product liability, intellectual property, securities,
17 |
breach of contract and tort. in addition, changes in the interpretations of laws and regulations to which we are subject, or in legal standards in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate, could increase our exposure to liability. for example, in the united states, attempts have been made to allow damages for emotional distress and pain and suffering in connection with the loss of, or injury to, a companion animal. if such attempts were successful, our exposure with respect to product liability claims could increase materially.
litigation matters, regardless of their merits or their ultimate outcomes, are costly, divert management's attention and may materially adversely affect our reputation and demand for our products. we cannot predict with certainty the eventual outcome of pending or future litigation matters. an adverse outcome of litigation or legal matters could result in our being responsible for significant damages. any of these negative effects resulting from litigation matters could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
the misuse or off-label use of our products may harm our reputation or result in financial or other damages.
our products have been approved for use under specific circumstances for the treatment of certain diseases and conditions in specific species. there may be increased risk of product liability if veterinarians, livestock producers, pet owners or others attempt to use our products off-label, including the use of our products in species (including humans) for which they have not been approved. for example, ketamine, the active pharmaceutical ingredient in our ketaset product (a nonnarcotic agent for anesthetic use in cats), is abused by humans as a hallucinogen. furthermore, the use of our products for indications other than those indications for which our products have been approved may not be effective, which could harm our reputation and lead to an increased risk of litigation. if we are deemed by a governmental or regulatory agency to have engaged in the promotion of any of our products for off-label use, such agency could request that we modify our training or promotional materials and practices and we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, and the imposition of these sanctions could also affect our reputation and position within the industry. any of these events could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
the illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or illegally compounded versions of our products or of stolen, diverted or relabeled products could have a negative impact on our reputation and business.
third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or illegally compounded versions of our products that do not meet the exacting standards of our development, manufacturing and distribution processes. counterfeit or illegally compounded medicines pose a significant risk to animal health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured and the lack of regulation of their contents. counterfeit or illegally compounded products are frequently unsafe or ineffective and can be potentially life-threatening to animals. our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit or illegally compounded products which are alleged to be equivalent and/or which are sold under our brand name. in addition, products stolen or unlawfully diverted from inventory, warehouses, plants or while in transit, which are not properly stored or which have an expired shelf life and which have been repackaged or relabeled and which are sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact animal health and safety, our reputation and our business. public loss of confidence in the integrity of vaccines and/or pharmaceutical products as a result of counterfeiting, illegally compounding or theft could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations.
animal health products are subject to unanticipated safety, quality, or efficacy concerns, which may harm our reputation.
unanticipated safety, quality, or efficacy concerns can arise with respect to animal health products, whether or not scientifically or clinically supported, leading to product recalls, withdrawals or suspended or declining sales, as well as product liability and other claims. for example, as a result of safety concerns related to our product, pregsure® bvd, in 2010, we voluntarily suspended sales of the product and withdrew the marketing authorization in the eu and, in 2011, we suspended sales and withdrew the marketing authorization for the product in new zealand. also, in may 2013, we were advised that the european commission started a procedure regarding the eu marketing authorization for suvaxyn® pcv, a vaccine against porcine circovirus type 2 in swine. the initiation of the procedure followed a recall of two batches of suvaxyn® pcv as a result of higher than expected adverse reactions, reported mainly in spain. in june 2013, we completed a root cause investigation of the higher than expected adverse reactions in these two batches, and subsequently submitted to the ema a proposed variation to describe specific adjustments to the manufacturing process to help minimize the risk of future reactive batches. in october 2013, the ema's committee on medicinal products for veterinary use adopted a positive opinion as to the proposed variation and concurrently adopted an opinion concluding that no action was required at that time with regard to the eu marketing authorization for suvaxyn® pcv. both opinions were transmitted to the european commission according to the applicable procedure and the commission officially advised us in january 2014 that it had adopted those positive opinions and concluded the procedure begun in may 2013 by maintaining the marketing authorization for suvaxyn® pcv in effect.
regulatory actions based on these types of safety, quality or efficacy concerns could impact all or a significant portion of a product's sales and could, depending on the circumstances, materially adversely affect our operating results.
in addition, since we depend on positive perceptions of the safety, quality and efficacy of our products, and animal health products generally, by our customers, veterinarians and end-users, any concerns as to the safety, qualify or efficacy of our products, whether actual or perceived, may harm our reputation. these concerns and the related harm to our reputation could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, regardless of whether such reports are accurate.
our business is subject to substantial regulation.
as a global company, we are subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations, including regulations relating to the development, quality assurance, manufacturing, importation, distribution, marketing and sale of our products. in addition, our manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspections by regulatory agencies. an inspection may report conditions or practices that indicate possible violations of regulatory requirements. our failure to comply with these regulatory requirements, allegations of such non-compliance or the discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in, among other things, inspection observation notices, warning letters or similar regulatory correspondence, fines, a partial or total shutdown of production in one or more of our facilities while an alleged violation is remediated, withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market, and civil or criminal prosecution, as well as decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims. any one of these consequences could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
18 |
in addition, we will not be able to market new products unless and until we have obtained all required regulatory approvals in each jurisdiction where we propose to market those products. even after a product reaches market, it may be subject to re-review and may lose its approvals. in connection with the separation, we will likely change the location of the manufacture of certain of our products and, because of these changes, may be required to obtain new regulatory approvals. our failure to obtain approvals, delays in the approval process, or our failure to maintain approvals in any jurisdiction, may prevent us from selling products in that jurisdiction until approval or reapproval is obtained, if ever.
furthermore, we cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, or changes in tax laws, challenges brought against our incentive tax rulings, and tariffs, nor can we determine the effect that additional laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could have on our business when and if promulgated, or the impact of changes in the interpretation of these laws and regulations, or of disparate federal, state, local and foreign regulatory schemes. changes to such laws or regulations may include, among other things, changes to taxation requirements, such as tax-rate changes and changes affecting the taxation by the united states of income earned outside the united states.
changes in applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. for example, regulatory agencies have recently increased their focus on the potential for vaccines to induce immunity anomalies. absent a clear understanding of these anomalies, regulatory scrutiny of vaccines may become stricter. additional scrutiny or regulation of our vaccine products could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
we are subject to complex environmental, health and safety laws and regulations.
we are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. these laws and regulations govern matters such as the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air or water; the generation, use, storage, handling, treatment, packaging, transportation, exposure to, and disposal of hazardous and biological materials, including recordkeeping, reporting and registration requirements; and the health and safety of our employees. due to our operations, these laws and regulations also require us to obtain, and comply with, permits, registrations or other authorizations issued by governmental authorities. these authorities can modify or revoke our permits, registrations or other authorizations and can enforce compliance through fines and injunctions.
given the nature of our business, we have incurred, are currently incurring and may in the future incur, liabilities under cercla or under other federal, state, local and foreign environmental cleanup laws, with respect to our current or former sites, adjacent or nearby third-party sites, or offsite disposal locations. see item 1. business-environmental, health and safety. the costs associated with future cleanup activities that we may be required to conduct or finance could be material. additionally, we may become liable to third parties for damages, including personal injury and property damage, resulting from the disposal or release of hazardous materials into the environment. such liability could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. furthermore, regulatory agencies are showing increasing concern over the impact of animal health products and livestock operations on the environment. this increased regulatory scrutiny may necessitate that additional time and resources be spent to address these concerns in both new and existing products.
a failure to comply with the environmental, health and safety laws and regulations to which we are subject, including any permits issued thereunder, may result in environmental remediation costs, loss of permits, fines, penalties or other adverse governmental or private actions, including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or remedial measures. we could also be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of human exposure to hazardous materials or environmental damage. environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, have tended to become more stringent and stringently enforced over time and may be subject to new interpretation. we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental, health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous materials will not materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
risks related to our international operations a significant portion of our operations are conducted in foreign jurisdictions and are subject to the economic, political, legal and business environments of the countries in which we do business.
our international operations could be limited or disrupted by any of the following:
•   volatility in the international financial markets;
•   compliance with governmental controls;
•   difficulties enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights;
•   parallel trade in our products (importation of our products from european union countries where our products are sold at lower prices into european union countries where the products are sold at higher prices);
•   compliance with a wide variety of laws and regulations, such as the fcpa and similar non-u.s. laws and regulations;
•   compliance with foreign labor laws;
•   burdens to comply with multiple and potentially conflicting foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to environmental, health and safety requirements;
•   changes in laws, regulations, government controls or enforcement practices with respect to our business and the businesses of our customers, including the imposition of limits on our profitability (e.g., the venezuelan law on fair pricing);
•   political and social instability, including crime, civil disturbance, terrorist activities and armed conflicts;
19 |
•   trade restrictions and restrictions on direct investments by foreign entities, including restrictions administered by the ofac and the european union, in relation to our products or the products of farmers and other customers (e.g., restrictions on the importation of agricultural products from the european union to russia);
•   changes in tax laws, challenges brought against our incentive tax rulings, and tariffs;
•   imposition of antidumping and countervailing duties or other trade-related sanctions;
•   costs and difficulties in staffing, managing and monitoring international operations;
•   longer payment cycles and increased exposure to counterparty risk; and
•   additional limitations on transferring personal information between countries or other restrictions on the processing of personal information.
in addition, international transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs. compliance with these requirements may prohibit the import or export of certain products and technologies or may require us to obtain a license before importing or exporting certain products or technology. a failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations or requirements could result in civil or criminal legal proceedings, monetary or non-monetary penalties, or both, disruptions to our business, limitations on our ability to import and export products and services, and damage to our reputation. in addition, variations in the pricing of our products between jurisdictions may result in the unauthorized importation or unauthorized re-importation of our products between jurisdictions and may also result in the imposition of antidumping and countervailing duties or other trade-related sanctions. while the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any of them could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. changes in any of these laws, regulations or requirements, or the political environment in a particular country, may affect our ability to engage in business transactions in certain markets, including investment, procurement and repatriation of earnings.
foreign exchange rate fluctuations and potential currency controls affect our results of operations, as reported in our financial statements.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world, involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. in 2015, we generated approximately 47% of our revenue in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, principally the euro, brazilian real and canadian dollar. we are subject to currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenue. in addition, because our financial statements are reported in u.s. dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations.
for example, on february 13, 2013, the venezuelan government devalued its currency from a rate of 4.3 to 6.3 venezuelan bolivars per u.s. dollar. we immediately incurred a foreign currency loss of $9 million on the devaluation as a result of remeasuring the local assets and liabilities.
our venezuelan subsidiary's functional currency is the u.s. dollar because of the hyperinflationary status of the venezuelan economy. in the first quarter of 2014, the venezuelan government expanded its exchange mechanisms, resulting in three official rates of exchange for the venezuelan bolivar.
on february 10, 2015, the venezuelan government announced that they would continue to operate with a three-tier exchange rate system. in addition, they announced that the primary rate of 6.3 bolivars to the u.s. dollar would remain in place for imports that are deemed essential. a new free-floating rate (simadi) replaced the existing third-tier rate (sicad ii). as of december 31, 2015, the venezuelan bolivar to u.s. dollar exchange rates were the cencoex official rate of 6.3; the sicad i rate of 13.5; and the simadi rate of 199.
through the fourth quarter of 2015, we used the cencoex official rate of 6.3 to report our venezuela financial position, results of operations and cash flows. in the fourth quarter of 2015, upon evaluation of evolving economic conditions in venezuela and our expectation of venezuela's responses to changes in its economy, continued volatility, and the fact that we have not received any approved payments from venezuela for transactions at the cencoex official rate of 6.3 per u.s. dollar in 2015, we determined that our outstanding venezuelan bolivar-denominated net monetary assets are no longer expected to be settled at the cencoex official rate of 6.3, but rather at the simadi rate of 199. on november 30, 2015, we recorded a net remeasurement loss of $89 million on bolivar-denominated net monetary assets, primarily related to cash deposits in venezuela, using the simadi rate of 199 bolivars to the u.s. dollar, and this rate will be used prospectively. we believe this best represents the estimate of the u.s. dollar amount that will ultimately be collected. additionally, the company recorded a lower of cost or market adjustment to inventory of $4 million, and asset impairment charges of $3 million.
on february 17, 2016, the venezuela government made an announcement that the three-tier exchange rate system existing in the country has changed to a dual system (official rate and simadi rate). additionally, the official rate was devalued from 6.3 to 10 venezuelan bolivars per u.s. dollar.
we also face risks arising from currency devaluations and the imposition of cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing restrictions or controls. while we currently have no need, and do not intend, to repatriate or convert cash held in countries that have significant restrictions or controls in place, should we need to do so to fund our operations, we may be unable to repatriate or convert such cash, or be unable to do so without incurring substantial costs. we currently have substantial operations in countries that have cash repatriation restrictions or exchange controls in place, including china, and, if we were to need to repatriate or convert such cash, these controls and restrictions may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of our investments in emerging markets.
we have been taking steps to increase our presence in emerging markets. failure to continue to maintain and expand our business in emerging markets could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
20 |
some countries within emerging markets may be especially vulnerable to periods of local, regional or global economic, political or social instability or crisis. for example, our sales in certain emerging markets have suffered from extended periods of disruption due to natural disasters. furthermore, we have also experienced lower than expected sales in certain emerging markets due to local, regional and global restrictions on banking and commercial activities in those countries. in addition, certain emerging markets have currencies that fluctuate substantially, which may impact our financial performance. for example, in the past, our revenue in certain emerging markets in latin america have been adversely impacted by currency fluctuations and devaluations. for all these and other reasons, sales within emerging markets carry significant risks.
risks related to tax matters the company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new u.s. or foreign tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities.
the multinational nature of our business subjects us to taxation in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. the company's future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation.
for example, the european commission opened formal investigations to examine whether decisions by the tax authorities in certain european countries, including belgium, comply with european union rules on state aid. in the case of belgium, the european commission concluded on january 11, 2016, that the excess profits ruling violates the european union's state aid rules. the impact of this conclusion will have a material impact on our effective tax rate in 2016. in addition, on january 28, 2016, the european union presented an anti-tax-avoidance directive designed to provide uniform implementation of base erosion and profits shifting measures and minimum standards across member states. if enacted, this proposed directive could have an impact on our effective tax rate.
in addition, our effective tax rate is subject to potential risks that various taxing authorities may challenge the pricing of our cross-border arrangements and subject us to additional tax, adversely impacting our effective tax rate and our tax liability. the company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. the company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. if the company's effective tax rates were to increase, particularly in the united states or other material foreign jurisdictions, or if the ultimate determination of the company's taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the company's operating results, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
risks related to intellectual property the actual or purported intellectual property rights of third parties may negatively affect our business.
a third party may sue us or otherwise make a claim, alleging infringement or other violation of the third-party's patents, trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, domain names or other intellectual property rights. if we do not prevail in this type of dispute, we may be required to:
•   pay monetary damages;
•   obtain a license in order to continue manufacturing or marketing the affected products, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; or
•   stop activities, including any commercial activities, relating to the affected products, which could include a recall of the affected products and/or a cessation of sales in the future.
the costs of defending an intellectual property claim could be substantial and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, even if we successfully defend such claims. the intellectual property positions of animal health medicines and vaccines businesses frequently involve complex legal and factual questions, and an issued patent does not guarantee us the right to practice the patented technology or develop, manufacture or commercialize the patented product. we cannot be certain that a competitor or other third party does not have or will not obtain rights to intellectual property that may prevent us from manufacturing, developing or marketing certain of our products, regardless of whether we believe such intellectual property rights are valid and enforceable or we believe we would be otherwise able to develop a more commercially successful product, which may harm our operating results and financial condition.
if our intellectual property rights are challenged or circumvented, competitors may be able to take advantage of our research and development efforts.
our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. we rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret, data protection, and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with our employees and others, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. if we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents, or be approved on a timely basis, or at all. similarly, any term extensions that we seek may not be approved on a timely basis, if at all. in addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against third parties with similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage, including exclusivity in a particular product area. the scope of our patent claims also may vary between countries, as individual countries have their own patent laws. for example, some countries only permit the issuance of patents covering a novel chemical compound itself, and its first use, and thus further methods of use for the same compound, may not be patentable. we may be subject to challenges by third parties regarding our intellectual property, including claims regarding validity, enforceability, scope and effective term. the validity, enforceability, scope and effective term of patents can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal and factual questions and proceedings. our ability to enforce our patents also depends on the laws of individual countries and each country's practice with respect to enforcement of intellectual property rights. in addition, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to
21 |
which third parties grant us rights to intellectual property, including because such agreements expire or are terminated, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
in addition, patent law reform in the united states and other countries may also weaken our ability to enforce our patent rights, or make such enforcement financially unattractive. for instance, u.s. court decisions in the last three years have led to interim u.s. patent and trademark office guidelines regarding inventions in the field of products isolated from nature and diagnostic methods which may influence future patenting strategy in these areas. a similar court decision in australia was issued recently with regard to the patentability of nucleic acids. such reforms could result in increased costs to protect our intellectual property and/or limit our ability to patent our products in these jurisdictions.
additionally, certain foreign governments have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be granted in the case of national emergencies, which could diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those regions and materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
likewise, in the united states and other countries, we currently hold issued trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the same and thus create the potential need to rebrand or re-label a product. as our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks to differentiate us from our competitors increases and as a result, if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our trademark rights, our business could be materially adversely affected.
many of our vaccine products and other products are based on or incorporate proprietary information, including proprietary master seeds and proprietary or patented adjuvant formulations. we actively seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by requiring our employees, consultants, other advisors and other third parties to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their employment, engagement or other relationship. despite these efforts and precautions, we may be unable to prevent a third party from copying or otherwise obtaining and using our trade secrets or our other intellectual property without authorization and legal remedies may not adequately compensate us for the damages caused by such unauthorized use. further, others may independently and lawfully develop substantially similar or identical products that circumvent our intellectual property by means of alternative designs or processes or otherwise.
the misappropriation and infringement of our intellectual property, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the united states, may occur even when we take steps to prevent it. we are currently, and expect to be in the future, party to patent lawsuits and other intellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time consuming, and if resolved adversely, could have a significant impact on our business and financial condition. in the future, we may not be able to enforce intellectual property that relates to our products for various reasons, including licensor restrictions and other restrictions imposed by third parties, or the cost of enforcing our intellectual property may outweigh the value of doing so; either of which could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition.
risks related to information technology we depend on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure.
we rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems to manage our operations, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. we also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our personnel, customers and suppliers around the world. system failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our customers, or delay our financial reporting. such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
in addition, we depend on third parties and applications on virtualized (cloud) infrastructure to operate and support our information systems. these third parties include large established vendors, as well as many small, privately owned companies. failure by these providers to adequately support our operations or a change in control or insolvency of these providers could have an adverse effect on our business, which in turn may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
in connection with the ipo and the separation, we have substantially changed a number of our business processes, including our financial reporting and supply chain processes. in order to support the new business processes under the terms of our transitional services agreement with pfizer, we have made significant configuration and data changes within some of our information technology systems. if our information and processes are not sufficient to support our business and financial reporting functions, or if we fail to properly implement our new business processes, our financial reporting may be delayed or inaccurate and our operations may be adversely affected and, as a result, our operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
in addition, we are implementing new business systems to support our operations, including an enterprise resource planning (erp) system to better integrate our manufacturing, financial, commercial and business operations. there is risk associated with ensuring that the milestones, timelines and budget associated with these new systems stay on track. transitioning to new systems, integrating new systems into current systems or any disruptions or malfunctions (including from circumstances beyond our control) affecting our information systems could cause critical information upon which we rely to be delayed, unreliable, corrupted, insufficient or inaccessible. any of these potential issues, individually or in aggregation, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
assuming we are able to implement these systems successfully, all information systems, despite implementation of security measures, are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access. if our information systems were to fail or be breached, such failure or breach could materially adversely affect our ability to perform critical business functions and sensitive and confidential data could be compromised.
we may experience difficulties with the implementation of our enterprise resource planning system, which could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are engaged in a multi-year implementation of an erp system. the erp system is designed to accurately maintain our books and records and provide information important to the operation of our business to our management team. the implementation of the erp will require significant
22 |
investment of human and financial resources. in implementing the erp system, we may experience significant delays, increased costs and other difficulties. while we have invested significant resources in planning, project management and training, additional and significant implementation issues may arise. for example, although the u.s. implementation of our erp system has been successful from a systems and controls point of view, due to the large number of customers directly impacted by our change of systems, we have experienced challenges with certain of our customers experiencing a disruption in their service. any significant disruption or deficiency in the design and implementation of the erp system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship product, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. any of these consequences could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we may be unable to successfully manage our online ordering sites.
in many markets around the world, such as the united states and brazil, we provide online ordering sites to customers, often relying on third parties to host and support the application. the operation of our online business depends on our ability to maintain the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our online order-taking and fulfillment operations. risks associated with our online business include: disruptions in telephone service or power outages; failures of the information systems that support our website, including inadequate system capacity, computer viruses, human error, changes in programming, security breaches, system upgrades or migration of these services to new systems; reliance on third parties for computer hardware and software as well as delivery of merchandise to our customers; rapid technology changes; credit card fraud; natural disasters or adverse weather conditions; power and network outages; changes in applicable federal and state regulations; liability for online content; and consumer privacy concerns. problems in any one or more of these areas could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could damage our reputation.
we may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure.
our reputation as a global leader in animal health and our reliance on complex information systems make us inherently vulnerable to malicious cyber intrusion and attack. cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. cyber-attacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, and other means to threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. a successful cyber-attack could cause serious negative consequences for our company, including the disruption of operations, the misappropriation of confidential business information and trade secrets, and the disclosure of corporate strategic plans. like other global companies, we have experienced threats to our data and information technology systems. to date, those threats have not had a material impact on our business operations or financial condition. however, although we devote resources to protect our information technology systems, we expect cyber-attacks to continue, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent information security breaches that would result in business, legal or reputational harm to us, or would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we may be unable to adequately protect our customers' privacy or we may fail to comply with privacy laws.
the protection of customer, employee and company data is critical and the regulatory environment surrounding information security, storage, use, processing, disclosure and privacy is demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. in addition, our customers expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. any actual or perceived significant breakdown, intrusion, interruption, cyber-attack or corruption of customer, employee or company data or our failure to comply with federal, state, local and foreign privacy laws could result in lost sales, remediation costs, legal liability including severe penalties, regulatory action and reputational harm. despite our considerable efforts and investments in technology to secure our computer network, security could be compromised, confidential information could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur. failure to comply with the security requirements or rectify a security issue may result in fines and the imposition of restrictions on our ability to accept payment by credit or debit cards. in addition, the payment card industry (pci) is controlled by a limited number of vendors that have the ability to impose changes in pci's fee structure and operational requirements on us without negotiation. such changes in fees and operational requirements may result in our failure to comply with pci security standards, as well as significant unanticipated expenses. such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
risks related to our indebtedness we have substantial indebtedness.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $4.9 billion of total unsecured indebtedness outstanding. in addition, we have entered into an agreement for a five-year revolving credit facility and a commercial paper program each with a capacity of up to $1.0 billion. while we currently do not have any amounts drawn under the credit facility nor any commercial paper issued under the commercial paper program, we may incur indebtedness under these arrangements in the future.
we may incur substantial additional debt from time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions, or for other purposes. if we do so, the risks related to our high level of debt could intensify. specifically, our high level of debt could have important consequences, including:
•   making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, business development or other general corporate requirements, including dividends;
•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are and may in the future be at variable rates of interest;
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the animal health industry;
23 |
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage to other, less leveraged competitors;
•   impacting our effective tax rate; and
•   increasing our cost of borrowing.
in addition, the instruments governing our indebtedness contain restrictive covenants that will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. for example, our credit facility contains a financial covenant requiring us to not exceed a maximum total leverage ratio and covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict our and our subsidiaries' ability, subject to certain exceptions, to incur liens, merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets, transact with affiliates and incur priority indebtedness. our failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all our debt.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. we may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to dispose of material assets or operations, alter our dividend policy, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. we may not be able to effect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. the instruments that will govern our indebtedness may restrict our ability to dispose of assets and may restrict the use of proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations when due.
in addition, we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness will depend on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries, including certain international subsidiaries, and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. our subsidiaries may not have any obligation to pay amounts due on our indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and under certain circumstances, legal, tax and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. in the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness.
our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, may materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity and our ability to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness or pay dividends on our common stock.
we may not have the funds necessary to finance the change of control offer required by the indenture governing our senior notes.
upon the occurrence of a change of control of us and a downgrade below investment grade by moody's investor services, inc. and standard & poor's rating services, we will be required to offer to repurchase all of our outstanding senior notes. we did not receive any proceeds from the sale of the $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the pfizer-owned notes and we paid an amount of cash equal to substantially all of the net proceeds that we received in the senior notes offering to pfizer prior to the completion of the ipo. as a result of these and other factors, we may not have sufficient funds available to finance a change of control offer.
our credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in our senior notes.
the credit ratings assigned to our senior notes are limited in scope, and do not address all material risks relating to an investment in our senior notes, but rather reflect only the view of each rating agency at the time the rating is issued. there can be no assurance that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the applicable rating agencies, if, in such rating agency's judgment, circumstances so warrant. credit ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security. each agency's rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency's rating. actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, could affect the market prices of our securities and increase our borrowing costs.
risks related to our relationship with pfizer certain of our directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their positions with pfizer.
certain of our directors are employed by pfizer or may own pfizer common stock, options to purchase pfizer common stock or other pfizer equity awards. certain of these holdings may be individually significant to these directors as compared with such director's total assets. these directors' positions at pfizer and the ownership of any pfizer equity or equity awards may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors are faced with decisions that could have different implications for pfizer than for us.
to preserve the tax-free treatment to pfizer and/or its stockholders of the exchange offer and certain related transactions, we may not be able to engage in certain transactions.
to preserve the tax-free treatment to pfizer and/or its stockholders of the exchange offer and certain related transactions, under the tax matters agreement, we are restricted from taking any action that prevents such transactions from being tax-free for u.s. federal, state, local and foreign income tax purposes. these restrictions may limit our ability to engage in certain transactions, including taking certain actions with respect to our
24 |
3.250% senior notes due 2023. see item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence-relationship with pfizer: tax matters agreement.
pfizer's rights as licensor under the patent and know-how license could limit our ability to develop and commercialize certain products.
under the patent and know-how license agreement (pfizer as licensor) (the patent and know-how license agreement), pfizer licenses to us certain of its intellectual property. if we fail to comply with our obligations under this license agreement and pfizer exercises its right to terminate it, our ability to continue to research, develop and commercialize products incorporating that intellectual property will be limited. in addition, in circumstances where pfizer has an interest in the licensed intellectual property in connection with its human health development programs, our rights to use the licensed intellectual property are restricted and/or, in limited instances, subject to pfizer's right to terminate such license at will. these limitations and termination rights may make it more difficult, time-consuming or expensive for us to develop and commercialize certain new products, or may result in our products being later to market than those of our competitors.
for a summary description of the terms of the patent and know-how license (pfizer as licensor), see item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence-relationship with pfizer: intellectual property license agreements.
we are dependent on pfizer to prosecute, maintain and enforce certain intellectual property.
under the patent and know-how license agreement, pfizer is responsible for filing, prosecuting and maintaining patents that pfizer licenses to us. in the animal health field, pfizer has the first right, and in some cases the sole right, to enforce such licensed patents, and in the human health field, subject to certain exceptions, pfizer has the sole right to enforce the licensed patents. if pfizer fails to fulfill its obligations or chooses to not enforce the licensed patents under this agreement, we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competitive products, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
we have incurred and will continue to incur significant charges in connection with the separation and incremental costs as an independent public company.
prior to the separation, pfizer performed or supported many important corporate functions for our company. our combined financial statements reflect charges for these services on an allocation basis. following the separation, many of these services are governed by our transitional services agreement with pfizer. under the transitional services agreement we are able to use these pfizer services for a fixed term established on a service-by-service basis. however, we generally have the right to terminate a service earlier if we give notice to pfizer. partial reduction in the provision of any service requires pfizer's consent. in addition, either party is able to terminate the agreement due to a material breach of the other party, upon prior written notice, subject to limited cure periods.
we pay pfizer mutually agreed-upon fees for these services, based on pfizer's costs of providing the services. during the two years following the ipo, the markup for these services was 0% and, for the remainder of the term of the agreement, pfizer may introduce a markup of 7%. for the services that pfizer continues to provide to zoetis under this agreement, a 7% markup applied for 2015 and will apply for the remainder of 2016. since our transitional services agreement was negotiated in the context of a parent-subsidiary relationship, the terms of the agreement, including the fees charged for the services, may be higher or lower than those that would be agreed to by parties bargaining at arm's length for similar services and may be higher or lower than the costs reflected in the allocations in our historical financial statements. third-party costs are passed through to us at pfizer's or its affiliates' cost. in addition, while these services are being provided to us by pfizer, our operational flexibility to modify or implement changes with respect to such services or the amounts we pay for them is limited.
we may not be able to replace these services or enter into appropriate third-party agreements on terms and conditions, including cost, comparable to those that we receive from pfizer under our transitional services agreement. additionally, after the agreement terminates, we may be unable to sustain the services at the same levels or obtain the same benefits as when we were receiving such services and benefits from pfizer. when we begin to operate these functions separately, if we do not have our own adequate systems and business functions in place, or are unable to obtain them from other providers, we may not be able to operate our business effectively or at comparable costs, and our profitability may decline.
if there is a later determination that the exchange offer or certain related transactions are taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes because the facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings underlying the irs private letter ruling and/or any tax opinion are incorrect or for any other reason, we could incur significant liabilities.
pfizer has received a private letter ruling from the irs substantially to the effect that, among other things, the exchange offer will qualify as a transaction that is tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986 (the code). completion by pfizer of the exchange offer was conditioned on, among other things, the continuing application of pfizer's private letter ruling from the irs and the receipt of an opinion of tax counsel, to the effect that, among other things, the exchange offer will qualify as a transaction that is tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code. the ruling and the opinion rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from pfizer and us regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses and other matters. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, pfizer and its stockholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinion of tax counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinion of tax counsel, the irs could determine on audit that the exchange offer or certain related transactions are taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion that are not covered by the private letter ruling, or for other reasons, including as a result of certain significant changes in the stock ownership of pfizer or us after the exchange offer. if the exchange offer or certain related transactions are determined to be taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we could incur significant liabilities under applicable law or under the tax matters agreement.
25 |
risks related to our common stock the price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially, and you could lose all or part of your investment in zoetis common stock as a result.
our common stock has a limited trading history and there may be wide fluctuations in the market value of our common stock as a result of many factors. from our ipo through december 31, 2015, the sales price of our common stock as reported by the nyse has ranged from a low sales price of $28.14 on april 15, 2014 to a high sales price of $55.38 on june 25, 2015. some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other risks mentioned in this section and in our 2015 annual report, are:
•   our operating performance and the performance of our competitors;
•   our or our competitors' press releases, other public announcements and filings with the sec regarding new products or services, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments;
•   changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, who cover our common stock;
•   changes in our investor base;
•   failures to meet external expectations or management guidance;
•   fluctuations in our financial results or the financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;
•   changes in our capital structure or dividend policy, future issuances of securities, sales of large blocks of common stock by our stockholders or the incurrence of additional debt;
•   reputational issues;
•   changes in general economic and market conditions in any of the regions in which we conduct our business;
•   the arrival or departure of key personnel;
•   the actions of speculators and financial arbitrageurs (such as hedge funds);
•   changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations and other dynamics; and
•   other developments or changes affecting us, our industry or our competitors.
in addition, if the market for stocks in our industry or industries related to our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition and results of operations. if any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management.
while we currently pay a quarterly cash dividend to our common stockholders, we may change our dividend policy at any time.
on december 16, 2015, our board of directors declared the 2016 first quarter dividend of $0.095 per share to be paid on march 1, 2016, to holders of record on january 21, 2016; and on february 19, 2016, our board of directors declared the 2016 second quarter dividend of $0.095 per share to be paid on june 1, 2016, to holders of record on april 7, 2016. although we currently pay a quarterly cash dividend to our common stockholders, we have no obligation to do so, and our dividend policy may change at any time without notice to our stockholders. returns on stockholders' investments will primarily depend on the appreciation, if any, in the price of our common stock. we anticipate that we will retain most of our future earnings, if any, for use in the development and expansion of our business, repayment of indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. the declaration and payment of dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors in accordance with applicable law after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, cash flows available in the united states, impact on our effective tax rate, indebtedness, legal requirements and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant.
provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws, and delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock.
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which we refer to as "our certificate of incorporation," and our amended and restated by-laws, which we refer to as "our by-laws," contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. these provisions include:
•   a board of directors that is divided into three classes with staggered terms;
•   rules regarding how our stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings;
•   the right of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval; and
•   limitations on the right of stockholders to remove directors.
in addition, delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in our and our stockholders' best interests.
26 |
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
introduction our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is provided to assist readers in understanding our performance, as reflected in the results of our operations, our financial condition and our cash flows. this md&a should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the discussion in this md&a contains a description of our historical performance for periods in which we operated as a business unit of pfizer, as well as forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. our future results could differ materially from historical performance and from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors such as those discussed in item 1a. risk factors, and in the comparability of historical results and our relationship with pfizer and forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results sections of this md&a.
overview of our business we are a global leader in the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of animal health medicines and vaccines, with a focus on both livestock and companion animals. for more than 60 years, as a business unit of pfizer inc. (pfizer) and since 2013, as an independent public company, we have been committed to enhancing the health of animals and bringing solutions to our customers who raise and care for them.
we manage our operations through two geographic operating segments. within each of these operating segments, we offer a diversified product portfolio for both livestock and companion animal customers in order to capitalize on local and regional trends and customer needs. our two operating segments are the united states (u.s.) and international. see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 19. segment, geographic and other revenue information.
we directly market our products to livestock producers and veterinarians located in approximately 45 countries across north america, europe, africa, asia, australia and south america, and are a market leader in nearly all of the major regions in which we operate. through our efforts to establish an early and direct presence in many emerging markets, such as brazil, china and mexico, we believe we are the largest animal health medicines and vaccines business as measured by revenue across emerging markets as a whole. in markets where we do not have a direct commercial presence, we generally contract with distributors that provide logistics and sales and marketing support for our products.
we believe our investments in the industry's largest sales organization, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. our research and development (r&d) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. additionally, our management team's focus on improving operational and cost efficiencies increases the likelihood of achieving our core growth strategies and enhancing long-term value for our shareholders.
a summary of our 2015 performance compared to the comparable 2014 and 2013 periods follows:
years ended december 31,                      % change
(millions of dollars)                        2015                  2014                  2013            15/14             14/13
revenue                                    $4,765                $4,785                $4,561                -                 5
net income attributable to zoetis             339                   583                   504              (42    )           16
adjusted net income(a)                        889                   790                   709               13                11
(a)   adjusted net income is a non-gaap financial measure. see the adjusted net income section of this md&amp;a for more information.
our operating environment industry the animal health industry, which focuses on both livestock and companion animals, is a growing industry that impacts billions of people worldwide. the primary livestock species for the production of animal protein are cattle (both beef and dairy), swine, poultry, sheep and fish. livestock health and production are essential to meeting the growing demand for animal protein of a global population. factors influencing growth in demand for livestock medicines and vaccines include:
•   human population growth and increasing standards of living, particularly in many emerging markets;
•   increasing demand for improved nutrition, particularly animal protein;
•   natural resource constraints, such as scarcity of arable land, fresh water and increased competition for cultivated land, resulting in fewer resources that will be available to meet this increased demand for animal protein; and
•   increased focus on food safety.
the primary companion animal species are dogs, cats and horses. health professionals indicate that companion animals improve the physical and emotional well-being of pet owners. factors influencing growth in demand for companion animal medicines and vaccines include:
•   economic development and related increases in disposable income, particularly in many emerging markets;
31 |
•   increasing pet ownership; and
•   companion animals living longer, increasing medical treatment of companion animals and advances in companion animal medicines and vaccines.
product development initiatives our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. we believe we are an industry leader in animal health r&d, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. the majority of our r&d programs focus on product lifecycle innovation, which is defined as r&d programs that leverage existing animal health products by adding new species or claims, achieving approvals in new markets or creating new combinations and reformulations.
perceptions of product quality, safety and reliability we believe that animal health medicines and vaccines customers value high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply. the importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which we believe often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. we depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products, and animal health products generally, by our customers, veterinarians and end-users.
the issue of the potential transfer of increased antibacterial resistance in bacteria from food-producing animals to human pathogens, and the causality of that transfer, continue to be the subject of global scientific and regulatory discussion. antibacterials refer to small molecules that can be used to treat or prevent bacterial infections and are a sub-categorization of the products that make up our anti-infectives and medicated feed additives portfolios. in some countries, this issue has led to government restrictions and bans on the use of specific antibacterials in some food-producing animals, regardless of the route of administration (in feed or injectable). these restrictions are more prevalent in countries where animal protein is plentiful and governments are willing to take action even when there is scientific uncertainty. our total revenue attributable to antibacterials for livestock was approximately $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015.
we cannot predict whether antibacterial resistance concerns will result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations or public pressure to discontinue or reduce use of antibacterials in food-producing animals.
the overall economic environment in addition to industry-specific factors, we, like other businesses, face challenges related to global economic conditions. growth in both the livestock and companion animal sectors is driven by overall economic development and related growth, particularly in many emerging markets. in recent years, certain of our customers and suppliers have been affected directly by economic downturns, which decreased the demand for our products and, in some cases, hindered our ability to collect amounts due from customers.
the cost of medicines and vaccines to our livestock producer customers is small relative to other production costs, including feed, and the use of these products is intended to improve livestock producers' economic outcomes. as a result, demand for our products has historically been more stable than demand for other production inputs. similarly, industry sources have reported that pet owners indicated a preference for reducing spending on other aspects of their lifestyle, including entertainment, clothing and household goods, before reducing spending on pet care. while these factors have mitigated the impact of recent downturns in the global economy, further economic challenges could increase cost sensitivity among our customers, which may result in reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
competition the animal health industry is competitive. although our business is the largest by revenue in the animal health medicines and vaccines industry, we face competition in the regions in which we operate. principal methods of competition vary depending on the particular region, species, product category or individual product. some of these methods include new product development, quality, price, service and promotion to veterinary professionals, pet owners and livestock producers. our competitors include the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies and specialty animal health businesses. there are also several new start-up companies working in the animal health area. in addition to competition from established market participants, there could be new entrants to the animal health medicines and vaccines industry in the future. in certain markets, we also compete with companies that produce generic products, but the level of competition from generic products varies from market to market. for example, the level of generic competition is higher in europe and certain emerging markets than in the united states.
weather conditions and the availability of natural resources the animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in a particular region are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests, such as ticks. as a result, we may experience regional and seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations.
in addition, veterinary hospitals and practitioners depend on visits from and access to the animals under their care. veterinarians' patient volume and ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience prolonged snow, ice or other severe weather conditions, particularly in regions not accustomed to sustained inclement weather. furthermore, livestock producers depend on the availability of natural resources, including large supplies of fresh water. their animals' health and their ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience a shortage of fresh water due to human population growth or floods, droughts or other weather conditions. in the event of adverse weather conditions or a shortage of fresh water, veterinarians and livestock producers may purchase less of our products.
for example, drought conditions could negatively impact, among other things, the supply of corn and the availability of grazing pastures. a decrease in harvested corn results in higher corn prices, which could negatively impact the profitability of livestock producers of cattle, pork and poultry. higher corn prices and reduced availability of grazing pastures contribute to reductions in herd or flock sizes that in turn result in less spending on animal health products. as such, a prolonged drought could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. factors
32 |
influencing the magnitude and timing of effects of a drought on our performance include, but may not be limited to, weather patterns and herd management decisions.
disease outbreaks sales of our livestock products could be adversely affected by the outbreak of disease carried by animals. outbreaks of disease may reduce regional or global sales of particular animal-derived food products or result in reduced exports of such products, either due to heightened export restrictions or import prohibitions, which may reduce demand for our products. also, the outbreak of any highly contagious disease near our main production sites could require us to immediately halt production of our products at such sites or force us to incur substantial expenses in procuring raw materials or products elsewhere. alternatively, sales of products that treat specific disease outbreaks may increase.
for example, from december 2014 through june 2015, highly pathogenic h5 avian influenza virus infections were reported in domestic poultry, captive birds and wild birds in the united states, with a majority of confirmed infections occurring in backyard and commercial poultry flocks. the egg and turkey industry were the most impacted by this occurrence of avian influenza. usda surveillance indicates that more than 48 million birds were affected (either infected or exposed) in at least 20 states. although no new h5 avian influenza infections have been detected in the united states since june 2015, an outbreak of highly pathogenic h7 avian influenza was reported in a single turkey flock in indiana in january 2016, and both forms of the virus continue to pose a threat to the poultry industry. it is important to note that human infection with avian influenza viruses has not occurred from eating properly cooked poultry or poultry products. we are closely monitoring the developments as this situation unfolds and the impact on our 2015 global revenue was not significant.
manufacturing and supply in order to sell our products, we must be able to produce and ship our products in sufficient quantities. many of our products involve complex manufacturing processes and are sole-sourced from certain manufacturing sites. minor deviations in our manufacturing or logistical processes, such as temperature excursions or improper package sealing, could result in delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs, product recalls, product liability and/or regulatory action. in addition, a number of factors could cause production interruptions that could result in launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls, unanticipated costs or issues with our agreements under which we supply third parties.
our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. the unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances.
foreign exchange rates significant portions of our revenue and costs are exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. our products are sold in more than 100 countries and, as a result, our revenue is influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates. for the year ended december 31, 2015, approximately 47% of our revenue was denominated in foreign currencies. we seek to manage our foreign exchange risk, in part, through operational means, including managing same-currency revenue in relation to same-currency costs and same-currency assets in relation to same-currency liabilities. as we operate in multiple foreign currencies, including the euro, brazilian real, canadian dollar, australian dollar and other currencies, changes in those currencies relative to the u.s. dollar will impact our revenue, cost of goods and expenses, and consequently, net income. exchange rate fluctuations may also have an impact beyond our reported financial results and directly impact operations. these fluctuations may affect the ability to buy and sell our goods and services between markets impacted by significant exchange rate variances. for the year ended december 31, 2015, approximately 53% of our total revenue was in u.s. dollars. our year-over-year revenue growth was unfavorably impacted by 8% from changes in foreign currency values relative to the u.s. dollar.
on february 10, 2015, the venezuelan government announced that they would continue to operate with a three-tier exchange rate system. in addition, they announced that the primary rate of 6.3 bolivars to the u.s. dollar would remain in place for imports that are deemed essential. a new free-floating rate (simadi) replaced the existing third-tier rate (sicad ii). as of december 31, 2015, the venezuelan bolivar to u.s. dollar exchange rates were the cencoex official rate of 6.3; the sicad i rate of 13.5; and the simadi rate of 199.
through the fourth quarter of 2015, we used the cencoex official rate of 6.3 to report our venezuela financial position, results of operations and cash flows. in the fourth quarter of 2015, upon evaluation of evolving economic conditions in venezuela and our expectation of venezuela's responses to changes in its economy, continued volatility, and the fact that we have not received any approved payments from venezuela for transactions at the cencoex official rate of 6.3 per u.s. dollar in 2015, we determined that our outstanding venezuelan bolivar-denominated net monetary assets are no longer expected to be settled at the cencoex official rate of 6.3, but rather at the simadi rate of 199. on november 30, 2015, we recorded a net remeasurement loss of $89 million on bolivar-denominated net monetary assets, primarily related to cash deposits in venezuela, using the simadi rate of 199 bolivars to the u.s. dollar, and this rate will be used prospectively. we believe this best represents the estimate of the u.s. dollar amount that will ultimately be collected. additionally, the company recorded a lower of cost or market adjustment to inventory of $4 million, and asset impairment charges of $3 million.
in february 2014, the venezuelan government issued a law on fair pricing, establishing a maximum profit margin of 30%. at the time of its issuance, there was uncertainty as to how the law would be interpreted and applied. the venezuelan government also recently issued new regulations relating to the publication of these fair prices to consumers. while we believe we are currently fully compliant with this new law, it is uncertain how this law may be interpreted and enforced in the future.
the actions of the venezuelan government described above relating to currency and to the interpretation and enforcement of the law on fair pricing and associated regulations, as well as other potential actions by the venezuelan government in response to economic uncertainties could impact the recoverability of our investment in venezuela, which could result in additional charges and, under extreme circumstances, could impact our ability to continue to operate in the country in the same manner as we have historically.
33 |
based on all of the factors noted above, in the second quarter of 2015, we decided to decrease our activity in venezuela in 2015 and will further decrease it in 2016. as a result, our revenue for the year ended november 30, 2015, was approximately $65 million, as compared with $77 million for the year ended november 30, 2014.
as of november 30, 2015, as a result of the revaluation and other charges, our net monetary assets were $3 million in venezuela.
on february 17, 2016, the venezuela government made an announcement that the three-tier exchange rate system existing in the country has changed to a dual system (official rate and simadi rate). additionally, the official rate was devalued from 6.3 to 10 venezuelan bolivars per u.s. dollar.
operational efficiency program during 2015, we launched a comprehensive operational efficiency program, which was incremental to the previously announced supply network strategy. these initiatives have focused on reducing complexity in our product portfolios through the elimination of approximately 5,000 product stock keeping units (skus), changing our selling approach in certain markets, reducing our presence in certain countries and planning to sell or exit ten manufacturing sites over the long term. as of december 31, 2015, we entered into an agreement to divest three u.s manufacturing sites and in january 2016, we announced agreements to sell manufacturing facilities in india and taiwan. we are also continuing to optimize our resource allocation and efficiency by reducing resources associated with non-customer facing activities and operating more efficiently as a result of less internal complexity and more standardization of processes.
as part of this initiative, we expect to reduce certain positions through divestitures, normal attrition and involuntary terminations by approximately 2,000 to 2,500, subject to consultations with works councils and unions in certain countries. as of december 31, 2015, approximately 1,200 positions have been eliminated and additional reductions are expected primarily over the next nine to twelve months.
for additional information, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5b. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: divestitures, note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives and note 22. subsequent events.
recent developments on january 5, 2016, we announced a business transfer agreement with the india-based pharmaceutical company zydus cadila (cadila healthcare ltd.) to sell our manufacturing site in haridwar, india. the agreement also includes the divestment of a portfolio of our products in conjunction with our comprehensive operational efficiency program. these products include medicated feed additives, anti-infectives, parasiticides, and nutritionals for livestock, sold primarily in india. this transaction was subsequently completed on february 17, 2016. we received approximately $28 million in cash, subject to working capital adjustments. this site was included within held for sale classification as of december 31, 2015. for additional information, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5b. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: divestitures.
on january 11, 2016, the european commission (ec) issued a press release announcing its conclusion that selective tax advantages granted by belgium under its "excess profit" tax scheme constitute illegal state aid and ordering the belgian authorities to recover benefits from taxpayers who are parties to an excess profit ruling (epr) agreement. the ec's decision, once published, can be challenged before the court of justice of the european union by belgium, other member states, and other parties who are directly and individually concerned, such as the company. as a result of the decision, the company expects to record a net charge in the first quarter of 2016 of up to $45 million. this does not include any benefits associated with a successful appeal of the decision, nor does it reflect guidance we expect to receive from the belgian government on the methodology and timing of the recovery of prior tax benefits. the net charge of up to $45 million relates to recovery of benefits for the periods 2013 through 2015 offset by the revaluation of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities using the rates expected to be in place at the time of the reversal.
on january 14, 2016, we announced a share purchase agreement with yung shin pharmaceutical industrial co., ltd., a pharmaceutical company with an animal health business and headquarters in taiwan, to divest our 55 percent ownership share of our taiwan joint venture including our manufacturing site in hsinchu, taiwan. the agreement also includes the divestment of a portfolio of products in conjunction with our comprehensive operational efficiency program. these products include medicated feed additives, anti-infective medicines and nutritional premixes for livestock, sold primarily in taiwan and in international markets. under the agreement, zoetis will receive approximately $13 million in cash. we expect to complete the transaction in the second quarter of 2016, pending the successful completion of customary regulatory review in taiwan. the assets and liabilities of the joint venture were included within held for sale classification as of december 31, 2015. for additional information, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 5b. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: divestitures.
on february 12, 2016, we completed the sale to huvepharma nv (huvepharma) of two of our manufacturing sites in the united states: laurinburg, north carolina, and longmont, colorado. huvepharma also assumed the assets and operations and the lease of our manufacturing and distribution site in van buren, arkansas. see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 5b. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: divestitures for additional information regarding the terms of the sale. these sites were included within held for sale classification as of december 31, 2015.  these site exits represent three of the ten sites we plan to exit as part of our operational efficiency program. we received $48 million in
34 |
initial cash consideration, including $8 million related to transferred inventory, and expect to receive additional cash consideration for inventory transfers once certain conditions are met.
our growth strategies we seek to enhance the health of animals and to bring solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. we have a global presence in both developed and emerging markets and we intend to grow our business by pursuing the following core strategies:
•   leverage our direct local presence and strong customer relationships-through our direct selling commercial model, we can deepen our understanding of our customers' businesses and can encourage the adoption of more sophisticated animal health products;
•   further penetrate emerging markets-we seek to maximize our presence where economic development is driving increased demand for animal protein and increased demand for and spending on companion animals;
•   pursue new product research and development and value-added product lifecycle innovation to extend our product portfolio-new product r&amp;d and product lifecycle innovation enable us to deliver products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. we leverage our strong direct presence in many regions and cost-effectively develop new products;
•   remain the partner of choice for access to new products and technologies-we support cutting-edge research and secure the right to develop and commercialize new products and technologies;
•   continue to provide high-quality products and improve manufacturing production margins-we believe our manufacturing and supply chain provides us with a global platform for continued expansion, including in emerging markets, and that our quality and reliability differentiate us from our competitors; and
•   expand into complementary businesses to become a more complete, trusted partner in providing solutions-we believe we have the potential to generate incremental and complementary revenue, in the areas of diagnostics, genetics, devices, dairy data management, e-learning and professional consulting, which could also enhance the loyalty of our customer base and may lead to increased product sales.
components of revenue and costs and expenses our revenue, costs and expenses are reported for the year ended december 31 for each year presented, except for operations outside the united states, for which the financial information is included in our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended november 30 for each year presented.
revenue our revenue is primarily derived from our diversified product portfolio of medicines and vaccines used to treat and protect livestock and companion animals. generally, our products are promoted to veterinarians and livestock producers by our sales organization which includes sales representatives and technical and veterinary operations specialists, and then sold directly by us or through distributors. the depth of our product portfolio enables us to address the varying needs of customers in different species and geographies. in 2015, our top selling product line, the ceftiofur line, contributed approximately 8% of our revenue. the ceftiofur line and our next two top selling products, revolution and draxxin, contributed approximately 21% of our revenue. our top ten selling product lines contributed approximately 38% of our revenue. for additional information regarding our products, including descriptions of our product lines that each represented approximately 1% or more of our revenue in 2015, see item 1. business-products.
costs and expenses costs of sales consist primarily of cost of materials, facilities and other infrastructure used to manufacture our medicine and vaccine products and royalty expenses associated with the intellectual property of our products, when relevant.
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses consist of, among other things, the internal and external costs of marketing, promotion, advertising and shipping and handling as well as certain costs related to business technology, facilities, legal, finance, human resources, business development, public affairs and procurement.
research and development (r&d) expenses consist primarily of project costs specific to new product r&d and product lifecycle innovation, overhead costs associated with r&d operations and investments that support local market clinical trials for approved indications and expenses related to regulatory approvals for our products. we do not disaggregate r&d expenses by research stage or by therapeutic area for purposes of managing our business.
amortization of intangible assets consists primarily of the amortization expense for identifiable finite-life intangible assets that have been acquired through business combinations. these assets consist of, but are not limited to, developed technology, brands and trademarks.
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs consist of all restructuring charges (those associated with acquisition activity and those associated with cost reduction/productivity initiatives), as well as costs associated with acquiring and integrating businesses. restructuring charges are associated with employees, assets and activities that will not continue in the company. acquisition-related costs are associated with acquiring and integrating acquired businesses, such as pharmaq holding as and abbott animal health (aah) in 2015, the king animal health (kah) business in 2011 and the fort dodge animal health (fdah) business acquired as part of pfizer's acquisition of wyeth in 2009, and may include transaction costs and expenditures for consulting and the integration of systems and processes.
other (income)/deductions-net consist primarily of various items including net (gains)/losses on asset disposals, royalty-related income, foreign exchange translation (gains)/losses and certain asset impairment charges.
35 |
comparability of historical results and our relationship with pfizer prior to the separation, the combined financial statements were derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of pfizer and included allocations for direct costs and indirect costs attributable to the operations of the animal health business of pfizer. the pre-separation financial statements and activities do not purport to reflect what the results of operations, comprehensive income/(loss), financial position, equity or cash flows would have been had we operated as an independent public company during the periods presented.
for a detailed description of the basis of presentation and an understanding of the limitations of the predictive value of the historical combined financial statements, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. basis of presentation.
our historical expenses are not necessarily indicative of the expenses we currently incur as an independent public company. with respect to support functions, for example, for the periods prior to the ipo, our historical combined financial statements include expense allocations for certain support functions that were provided on a centralized basis within pfizer, such as expenses for business technology, facilities, legal, finance, human resources, and, to a lesser extent, business development, public affairs and procurement, among others. as part of the separation, pursuant to agreements with pfizer, pfizer provides us with some of the services related to these functions on a transitional basis in exchange for agreed-upon fees, and we are incurring other costs to replace the services and resources that will not be provided by pfizer.
we have also incurred certain nonrecurring costs related to becoming an independent public company, including new branding (which includes changes to the manufacturing process for required new packaging), the creation of standalone systems and infrastructure, the accelerated vesting of certain pfizer equity awards and associated cash payment related thereto, site separation and certain legal registration and patent assignment costs.
some of our products are manufactured at sites that were retained by pfizer or that are operated by pfizer under a sale-leaseback arrangement. in 2013, pursuant to the master manufacturing and supply agreement with pfizer, we began purchasing these products from pfizer. under the master manufacturing and supply agreement, our supply price is pfizer's costs plus a percentage markup. subject to limited exceptions, during the two years following the completion of the ipo (from february 6, 2013, through february 5, 2015), the markup was 0% and, for the remainder of the term of the agreement, the markup will be 15%. the cost of each pfizer-supplied product is subject to annual review. the pre-separation period included in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2013 included allocations of certain manufacturing and supply costs incurred by the manufacturing sites that would not have been charged to us under the master manufacturing and supply agreement with pfizer had such agreement been in effect in the periods presented, such as operating variances, as well as purchase price and volume variances under a certain threshold. in connection with the ipo, we and pfizer have entered into certain agreements that provide a framework for our ongoing relationship with pfizer. see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 20b. transactions and agreements with pfizer: agreements with pfizer.
following the ipo, the equity awards previously granted to our employees by pfizer continued to vest, and service with zoetis counted as service with pfizer for equity award purposes. on june 24, 2013, pfizer completed the exchange offer whereby pfizer disposed of all shares of zoetis common stock owned by pfizer. pfizer accelerated the vesting of, and in some cases the settlement of, on a pro-rata basis, outstanding pfizer restricted stock units (rsus), total shareholder return units (tsrus) and performance share awards (psas) previously granted to our employees, subject, in each case, to the requirements of section 409a of the u.s. internal revenue code, the terms of the 2004 pfizer stock plan and the applicable award agreements and any outstanding deferral elections. in addition, unvested pfizer stock options previously granted to our employees accelerated in full, and our employees generally have the ability to exercise the stock options until the earlier of (i) june 23, 2016 (three years from pfizer's completion of the exchange offer), (ii) termination of their employment from zoetis or (iii) the expiration date of the stock option. zoetis employees who held pfizer stock options and were retirement eligible as of june 24, 2013, will have the full term of the stock option to exercise.
the accelerated vesting of the outstanding pfizer stock options, and the settlement, on a pro-rata basis, of other pfizer equity awards, resulted in the recognition of additional expense for the year ended december 31, 2013, of $9 million, which is included in stock-based compensation. the unvested portion of pfizer rsus, tsrus and psas were forfeited as of the completion of the exchange offer. in the third quarter of 2013, zoetis made a cash payment of approximately $20 million to certain non-executive zoetis employees, based on the value of the employees' forfeited pfizer rsus, tsrus and psas (as applicable). this amount is included in the consolidated statement of income as additional compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2013. members of the zoetis executive team did not receive a cash payment for any forfeited pfizer rsus, tsrus and psas, but instead, in the third quarter of 2013, were granted zoetis rsus which were equivalent in value and vest on the same date as their forfeited pfizer rsus, tsrus and psas.
recent significant acquisitions the assets, liabilities, operating results and cash flows of acquired businesses are included in our results commencing from their respective acquisition dates.
on november 9, 2015, we completed the acquisition of pharmaq, a privately held norwegian company. we acquired 100% of the issued share capital of pharmaq for an aggregate cash purchase price of $765 million, adjusted to reflect cash, working capital and net indebtedness as of the closing date for net cash consideration transferred to the seller of $668 million. the acquisition expands the zoetis aquaculture portfolio, which is the fastest growing animal health market.
on february 10, 2015, we completed the purchase of certain assets of abbott animal health (aah), a subsidiary of abbott laboratories (abbott). aah is a companion animal health business focused on the veterinary surgical suite. the purchase expands our companion animal product portfolio to include veterinarian solutions for anesthesia, pain management, and the diagnosis of diabetes.
the $254 million purchase price included net cash of $229 million and an additional contingent payment of $25 million which was due to abbott within one year of the acquisition date, subject to certain deductions in the event of sales disruptions due to supply issues. the range of undiscounted amounts that zoetis could pay pursuant to this contingent consideration arrangement was between zero and $25 million, with an acquisition date fair value of $22 million. the company submitted a $25 million payment to abbott in february 2016.
for additional information, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5a. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: acquisition of pharmaq and acquisition of abbott animal health.
36 |
agreements with pfizer on february 6, 2013, we entered into a transitional services agreement with pfizer whereby pfizer agreed to provide us with various corporate support services. this agreement has a service commencement date of january 1, 2013, in the united states and december 1, 2012 for our international locations. in addition, on october 1, 2012, we entered into a master manufacturing and supply agreement with pfizer on october 1, 2012, whereby we and pfizer agreed to manufacture and supply products to each other commencing january 1, 2013. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 20b. transactions and agreements with pfizer: agreements with pfizer for more information related to these and other agreements, including the related costs.
significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates in presenting our financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. for a description of our significant accounting policies, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 4. significant accounting policies.
we believe that the following accounting policies are critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most difficult, subjective and complex judgments and, therefore, could have the greatest impact on our financial statements: (i) fair value; (ii) revenue; (iii) asset impairment reviews; and (iv) contingencies.
below are some of our more critical accounting estimates. see also notes to consolidated financial statements- note 4. significant accounting policies- estimates and assumptions for a discussion about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions.
fair value for a discussion about the application of fair value to our long-term debt and financial instruments, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 10. financial instruments.
for a discussion about the application of fair value to our business combinations, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments.
for a discussion about the application of fair value to our asset impairment reviews, see asset impairment reviews below.
revenue our gross product revenue is subject to deductions that are generally estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenue is recognized and primarily represents sales returns and revenue incentives. for example:
•   for sales returns, we perform calculations in each market that incorporate the following, as appropriate: local returns policies and practices; returns as a percentage of revenue; an understanding of the reasons for past returns; estimated shelf life by product; an estimate of the amount of time between shipment and return or lag time; and any other factors that could impact the estimate of future returns, product recalls, discontinuation of products or a changing competitive environment; and
•   for revenue incentives, we use our historical experience with similar incentives programs to estimate the impact of such programs on revenue.
if any of our ratios, factors, assessments, experiences or judgments are not indicative or accurate predictors of our future experience, our results could be materially affected. although the amounts recorded for these revenue deductions are dependent on estimates and assumptions, historically our adjustments to actual results have not been material. the sensitivity of our estimates can vary by program, type of customer and geographic location.
amounts recorded for revenue deductions can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely on estimates and assumptions. for further information about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 4. significant accounting policies: estimates and assumptions.
asset impairment reviews we review all of our long-lived assets for impairment indicators throughout the year and we perform detailed testing whenever impairment indicators are present. in addition, we perform impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived assets at least annually. when necessary, we record charges for impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is less than the carrying value of these assets.
our impairment review processes are described below and in notes to consolidated financial statements- note 4. significant accounting policies: amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and certain long-lived assets and, for deferred tax assets, in note 4. significant accounting policies: deferred tax assets and liabilities and income tax contingencies.
examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairment include:
•   a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used. for example, restrictions imposed by the regulatory authorities could affect our ability to manufacture or sell a product, and
•   a projection or forecast that demonstrates losses or reduced profits associated with an asset. this could result, for example, from the introduction of a competitor's product that results in a significant loss of market share or the inability to achieve the previously projected revenue growth, or from the lack of acceptance of a product by customers.
our impairment reviews of most of our long-lived assets depend on the determination of fair value, as defined by u.s. gaap, and these judgments can materially impact our results of operations. a single estimate of fair value can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and
37 |
uncertainties and can rely on estimates and assumptions. for information about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 4. significant accounting policies: estimates and assumptions.
intangible assets other than goodwill we test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test that compares the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset with its carrying value is performed. if the fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized.
as a result of our overall intangible asset impairment review, we recognized a number of impairments of identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill.
we recorded the following identifiable intangible asset impairment charges in restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs and other (income)/deductions-net, as applicable:
•   in 2015, the intangible asset impairment charges reflect (i) approximately $27 million of developed technology rights due to product rationalization decisions associated with our operational efficiency initiative; and (ii) approximately $2 million of acquired in-process research and development (ipr&amp;d) assets related to the termination of a canine oncology project.
•   in 2014, the intangible asset impairment charges reflect (i) approximately $6 million of ipr&amp;d assets related to a pharmaceutical product for dogs acquired with the fdah acquisition in 2009, as a result of the termination of the development program due to a re-assessment of economic viability; and (ii) approximately $1 million related to finite-lived developed technology rights and ipr&amp;d due to negative market conditions and the re-assessment of economic viability.
•   in 2013, the intangible asset impairment charges reflect (i) approximately $2 million of finite-lived developed technology rights due to a re-assessment of economic viability; (ii) approximately $2 million of finite-lived developed technology rights and ipr&amp;d as a result of exiting a combined manufacturing and r&amp;d facility; and (iii) approximately $2 million related to acquired ipr&amp;d as a result of the termination of certain development programs due to a re-assessment of their economic viability.
when we are required to determine the fair value of intangible assets other than goodwill, we use an income approach, specifically the multi-period excess earnings method, also known as the discounted cash flow method. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the asset, which includes the application of a terminal value for indefinite-lived assets, and then we apply an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, the impact of technological risk associated with ipr&d assets, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the risks inherent in the projected cash flows; foreign currency fluctuations; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
while all identifiable intangible assets can be impacted by events and thus lead to impairment, in general, identifiable intangible assets that are at the highest risk of impairment include ipr&d assets (approximately $138 million as of december 31, 2015). ipr&d assets are higher-risk assets because r&d is an inherently risky activity.
for a description of our accounting policy, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 4. significant accounting policies: amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and certain long-lived assets.
goodwill goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of net assets of businesses purchased and is assigned to reporting units. we test goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist, either by assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or by performing a quantitative assessment.
factors considered in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market, cost factors which could have a significant effect on earnings or cash flows, the overall financial performance of the reporting unit, and whether there have been sustained declines in our share price. additionally, we evaluate the extent to which the fair value exceeded the carrying value of the reporting unit at the date of the last quantitative assessment performed.
when performing a quantitative assessment to test for goodwill impairment we utilize the income approach, which is forward-looking, and relies primarily on internal forecasts. within the income approach, the method that we use is the discounted cash flow method. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the reporting unit, which includes the application of a terminal value, and then apply a reporting unit-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of technological risk and competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
in 2015 and 2014, we quantitatively assessed, as of september 27, 2015, and september 28, 2014, respectively, the fair value of each of our reporting units using the income approach. the fair value of each reporting unit was found to exceed its respective carrying value, therefore no impairments were recorded.
38 |
for all of our reporting units, there are a number of future events and factors that may impact future results and that could potentially have an impact on the outcome of subsequent goodwill impairment testing. for a list of these factors, see forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results.
for a description of our accounting policy, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 4. significant accounting policies: amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and certain long-lived assets.
contingencies for a discussion about income tax contingencies, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 9d. tax matters: tax contingencies.
for a discussion about legal contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications, see notes to consolidated financial statement- note 18. commitments and contingencies.
analysis of the consolidated statements of income the following discussion and analysis of our consolidated statements of income should be read along with our consolidated financial statements, and the notes thereto. for more information on the carve-out basis of presentation for the periods prior to the ipo, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. basis of presentation.
year ended december 31,                       % change
(millions of dollars)                                                  2015                  2014                  2013           15/14           14/13
revenue                                                              $4,765                $4,785                $4,561               -               5
costs and expenses:
cost of sales(a)                                                      1,738                 1,717                 1,669               1               3
% of revenue                                                             36    %               36    %               37    %
selling, general and administrative expenses(a)                       1,532                 1,643                 1,613              (7   )           2
% of revenue                                                             32    %               34    %               35    %
research and development expenses(a)                                    364                   396                   399              (8   )          (1   )
% of revenue                                                              8    %                8    %                9    %
amortization of intangible assets                                        61                    60                    60               2               -
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs             320                    25                    26               *              (4   )
interest expense, net of capitalized interest                           124                   117                   113               6               4
other (income)/deductions-net                                            81                     7                    (9    )          *               *
income before provision for taxes on income                             545                   820                   690             (34   )          19
% of revenue                                                             11    %               17    %               15    %
provision for taxes on income                                           206                   233                   187             (12   )          25
effective tax rate                                                     37.8    %             28.4    %             27.1    %
net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests                339                   587                   503             (42   )          17
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                 -                     4                    (1    )          *               *
net income attributable to zoetis                                      $339                  $583                  $504             (42   )          16
% of revenue                                                              7    %               12    %               11    %
* calculation not meaningful.
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
(a)   exclusive of amortization of intangible assets, except as disclosed in notes to consolidated financial statements-note 4. significant accounting policies-amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and certain long-lived assets.
revenue total revenue by operating segment was as follows:
year ended december 31,                        % change
(millions of dollars)               2015                  2014                  2013            15/14           14/13
u.s.                              $2,328                $2,059                $1,902               13               8
international                      2,386                 2,676                 2,606              (11   )           3
total operating segments           4,714                 4,735                 4,508                -               5
contract manufacturing                51                    50                    53                2              (6   )
total revenue                     $4,765                $4,785                $4,561                -               5
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
39 |
on a global basis, the mix of revenue between livestock and companion animal products was as follows:
year ended december 31,                       % change
(millions of dollars)             2015                  2014                  2013           15/14           14/13
livestock                       $2,958                $3,103                $2,916              (5   )           6
companion animal                 1,756                 1,632                 1,592               8               3
contract manufacturing              51                    50                    53               2              (6   )
total revenue                   $4,765                $4,785                $4,561               -               5
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
2015 vs. 2014
total revenue decreased by $20 million in 2015, compared with 2014. the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange decreased revenue by approximately $393 million, or 8%, driven by the depreciation of certain international currencies, particularly the euro and brazilian real. operational revenue grew $373 million, or 8%, due to growth across both operating segments, comprised of 5% volume increases and 3% price increases. operational revenue growth was primarily driven by increased revenue in the u.s. as well as brazil, china, and the united kingdom. total livestock sales increased 4% operationally, driven by our cattle and swine portfolios. growth in sales of cattle products were driven by increased sales in the u.s. and brazil associated with favorable market conditions. swine sales increased primarily in china and the u.s., driven by increased sales of vaccines. total companion animal sales increased 14% operationally, driven by the addition of sales from the acquisition of certain assets of abbott animal health, as well as the performance of apoquel® and other key brands.
2014 vs. 2013
total revenue increased $224 million, or 5%, in 2014 compared with 2013, with growth across both operating segments, due to higher operational revenue of $320 million, or 7%, comprised of 5% volume and 2% price. operational revenue growth was driven by increased revenue in the u.s. and good performance in emerging markets, particularly venezuela, brazil and china. total livestock sales increased 9% operationally, driven by strong sales of our cattle, swine and poultry portfolios. growth in sales of cattle products were driven by increased sales of our premium anti-infective products, while sales of swine products were tempered by the effect of pedv. total companion animal sales increased 4% operationally, driven by the introduction of apoquel® in the united states, the united kingdom, and germany, as well as strong performance in latin american countries due to price and volume increases in high inflationary markets and the continued increase in medicalization rates. partially offsetting the increase in operational revenue was the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, which decreased revenue by approximately $96 million, or 2%, driven by the depreciation of certain international currencies, particularly the brazilian real and argentine peso.
costs and expenses cost of sales year ended december 31,                % change
(millions of dollars)            2015                  2014                  2013           15/14        14/13
cost of sales (a)              $1,738                $1,717                $1,669               1   3
% of revenue                       36    %               36    %               37    %
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
(a)   allocation of corporate enabling functions were $3 million in 2013.
2015 vs. 2014
cost of sales increased $21 million, or 1%, in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily as a result of:
•   an increase in sales volume of products with less favorable margins;
•   higher global manufacturing and supply costs;
•   charges related to our operational efficiency initiative; and
•   charges reflecting the fair value adjustments to inventory acquired from abbott animal health and pharmaq, partially offset by:
•   favorable foreign exchange.
2014 vs. 2013
cost of sales increased $48 million, or 3%, in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily as a result of:
•   an increase in sales volume;
•   incremental global manufacturing and supply spending associated with the build-up of our operations in 2013, which is now impacting our 2014 cost of sales; and
•   an increase in inventory obsolescence, scrap and other charges, partially offset by:
•   favorable foreign exchange.
40 |
selling, general and administrative expenses year ended december 31,                  % change
(millions of dollars)                                       2015                  2014                  2013        15/14             14/13
selling, general and administrative expenses (a)          $1,532                $1,643                $1,613           (7    )   2
% of revenue                                                  32    %               34    %               35    %
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
(a)   allocation of corporate enabling functions were $24 million in 2013.
2015 vs. 2014
sg&a expenses decreased by $111 million, or 7%, in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily as a result of:
•   favorable foreign exchange; and
•   a reduction in marketing and other spending driven by our operational efficiency initiative, partially offset by:
•   higher costs associated with our enabling functions, including higher business technology costs; and
•   an increase in bad debt expense.
2014 vs. 2013
sg&a expenses increased by $30 million, or 2%, in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily as a result of:
•   increased field selling and distribution expenses in certain regions due to higher sales and increased costs associated with delivering our products to customers; and
•   additional costs due to the build-up of our supply chain and logistics organization and enabling functions and related costs post-separation from pfizer, partially offset by:
•   a reduction in the amount of additional costs related to becoming an independent public company, including the nonrecurrence of additional costs in 2013 due to the accelerated vesting of stock options and associated expenses related to certain pfizer equity awards as a result of the separation;
•   favorable foreign exchange; and
•   lower direct marketing spending.
research and development expenses year ended december 31,                    % change
(millions of dollars)                      2015                2014                2013        15/14           14/13
research and development expenses          $364                $396                $399           (8   )          (1   )
% of revenue                                  8    %              8    %              9    %
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
2015 vs. 2014
r&d expenses decreased by $32 million, or 8%, in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily as a result of:
•   favorable foreign exchange;
•   a reduction in spending driven by our operational efficiency initiative; and
•   lower expenses associated with our business development activities.
2014 vs. 2013
r&d expenses decreased $3 million, or 1%, in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily as a result of:
•   the nonrecurrence of additional costs in 2013 due to the accelerated vesting of stock options and associated expenses related to certain pfizer equity awards as a result of the separation;
•   savings associated with the closure of two r&amp;d sites; and
•   favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by:
•   higher salary-related expenses.
41 |
amortization of intangible assets year ended december 31,                % change
(millions of dollars)               2015               2014                2013                   15/14        14/13
amortization of intangible assets           $61                 $60                 $60        2               -
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
2015 vs. 2014
amortization of intangible assets increased $1 million, or 2%, in 2015 compared with 2014.
2014 vs. 2013
amortization of intangible assets was flat in 2014 compared with 2013.
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs year ended december 31,   % change
(millions of dollars)                                         2015               2014                2013                15/14        14/13
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs          $320                 $25                 $26        *               (4   )
* calculation not meaningful.
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
during 2015, we launched a comprehensive operational efficiency program, which was incremental to the previously announced supply network strategy. these initiatives have focused on reducing complexity in our product portfolios, changing our selling approach in certain markets and reducing our presence in certain countries, and planning to sell or exit certain manufacturing sites over the long term. we are also continuing to optimize our resource allocation and efficiency by reducing resources associated with non-customer facing activities and operating more efficiently as a result of less internal complexity and more standardization of processes. as part of this initiative, we expect to reduce certain positions through divestitures, normal attrition and involuntary terminations by approximately 2,000 to 2,500, subject to consultations with works councils and unions in certain countries. as of december 31, 2015, approximately 1,200 positions had been eliminated and additional reductions are expected primarily over the next nine to twelve months.
our acquisition-related costs primarily relate to restructuring charges for employees, assets and activities that will not continue in the future, as well as integration costs. the majority of these net restructuring charges are related to termination costs, but we also exited a number of distributor and other contracts and performed certain facility rationalization efforts. our integration costs are generally comprised of consulting costs related to the integration of systems and processes, as well as product transfer costs.
for additional information regarding restructuring charges and acquisition-related costs, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives.
2015 vs. 2014
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs increased by $295 million in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily as a result of an increase in employee termination costs and asset impairment charges as a result of our operational efficiency initiative and supply network strategy.
2014 vs. 2013
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs decreased by $1 million in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily as a result of:
•   a decrease in asset impairment charges due to the exiting of one of our manufacturing facilities in 2013; and
•   a decrease in integration costs related to the kah and fdah acquisitions, partially offset by:
•   an increase in employee termination costs primarily due to a reversal in 2013 related to a previously established termination reserve that was reversed in the second quarter of 2013 related to our operations in europe.
interest expense, net of capitalized interest year ended december 31,                % change
(millions of dollars)                           2015               2014                2013                   15/14        14/13
interest expense, net of capitalized interest          $124                $117                $113        6                   4
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
2015 vs. 2014
interest expense, net of capitalized interest, increased by $7 million, or 6%, in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to the issuance of $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes in november 2015.
42 |
2014 vs. 2013
interest expense, net of capitalized interest, increased by $4 million, or 4%, in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily related to an additional month of interest expense in 2014 associated with our senior notes which were issued on january 28, 2013. this increase was partially offset by the nonrecurrence of allocated debt and related allocated interest expense from pfizer. interest expense related to allocated debt was $2 million for 2013.
other (income)/deductions-net year ended december 31,   % change
(millions of dollars)           2015               2014                2013                15/14        14/13
other (income)/deductions-net           $81                  $7             $(9       )    *            *
*    calculation not meaningful.
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
2015 vs. 2014
the change in other (income)/deductions-net reflects an unfavorable impact of $74 million on income attributable to zoetis in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily as a result of:
•   charges of $89 million related to the revaluation of the net monetary assets in venezuela;
•   impairment charges of $6 million related to assets held by our joint venture in taiwan, currently classified as held for sale; and
•   an impairment of ipr&amp;d assets related to the impairment of a canine oncology project, partially offset by:
•   lower charges for legal and other matters as a result of the commercial settlement of $13 million in mexico in 2014; and
•   lower foreign currency losses primarily as a result of the depreciation of the argentine peso in the first quarter of 2014.
2014 vs. 2013
the change in other (income)/deductions-net reflects an unfavorable impact of $16 million on income attributable to zoetis in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily as a result of:
•   a charge associated with a commercial settlement and recall in mexico of $13 million, partially offset by the related insurance recovery of $1 million;
•   higher foreign currency losses of $8 million, primarily driven by costs related to hedging and exposures to certain emerging market currencies, as well as losses related to the depreciation of the argentine peso in the first quarter of 2014;
•   an impairment charge related to ipr&amp;d assets acquired with the fdah acquisition in 2009, as a result of the termination of the development program due to a re-assessment of economic viability; and
•   a pension plan settlement charge related to the divestiture of a manufacturing facility, partially offset by:
•   an insurance recovery of litigation related charges.
provision for taxes on income year ended december 31,                  % change
(millions of dollars)                  2015                2014                2013        15/14             14/13
provision for taxes on income          $206                $233                $187          (12    )   25
effective tax rate                     37.8    %           28.4    %           27.1    %
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
as of the separation date, we operate under a standalone legal entity structure and the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income has been calculated accordingly. for the periods prior to the separation, the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income has been calculated as if zoetis filed a separate tax return and includes tax costs and benefits, such as uncertain tax positions, repatriation decisions and audit settlements, among others.
the impact of the incentive tax rulings in belgium and singapore continued to be a component of the 2015 effective tax rate. for additional information on the impact of the european commission's negative decision on the belgium excess profits ruling on january 11, 2016, see note 22. subsequent events on december 18, 2015, the president of the united states signed into law the consolidated appropriation act of 2016 (the 2016 act), which extended and made permanent the u.s. research and development tax credit for tax year 2015 and forward, as well as other provisions. given the enactment date of the 2016 act, the impact of the 2015 u.s. research and development tax credit is included in the 2015 effective tax rate.
for more information, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 9a. tax matters: taxes on income.
43 |
2015 vs. 2014
the difference in the effective tax rate in 2015 compared with 2014 is primarily due to the following components:
•   the change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings from (i) operations and (ii) restructuring charges related to the operational efficiency initiative and supply network strategy, as well as repatriation costs. the jurisdictional mix of earnings can vary as a result of repatriation decisions and as a result of operating fluctuations in the normal course of business, the impact of non-deductible items and the extent and location of other income and expense items, such as restructuring charges/(benefits), asset impairments and gains and losses on asset divestitures;
•   changes in valuation allowances and resolution of other tax items;
•   the tax expense related to changes in uncertain tax positions, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 9d. tax matters: tax contingencies;
•   a $9 million discrete tax benefit recorded in the first quarter of 2015 related to a revaluation of deferred taxes as a result of a change in tax rates;
•   a $6 million discrete tax benefit recorded in the second quarter of 2015 related to prior period tax adjustments; and
•   the tax expense related to the non-deductible revaluation of the net monetary assets in venezuela to the simadi exchange rate recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015.
2014 vs. 2013
the difference in the effective tax rate in 2014 compared with 2013 is primarily due to the following components:
•   the change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings as well as repatriation costs. the jurisdictional mix of earnings can vary as a result of repatriation decisions and as a result of operating fluctuations in the normal course of business, the impact of non-deductible items and the extent and location of other income and expense items, such as restructuring charges/(benefits), asset impairments and gains and losses on asset divestitures;
•   changes in valuation allowances and resolution of other tax items;
•   the tax cost related to changes in uncertain tax positions, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 9d. tax matters: tax contingencies; and
•   an $8 million discrete tax expense during the first quarter of 2014 related to an intercompany inventory adjustment.
44 |
operating segment results in the second quarter of 2015, we changed our segment reporting structure to reflect the way management makes operating decisions. we consolidated our prior europe/africa/middle east (euafme), canada/latin america (clar) and asia/pacific (apac) operating segments into one operating segment. as a result, the company's new segment reporting structure consists of two reportable segments: the united states and international. we also recategorized certain costs that are not allocated to our operating segments. there has been no change in our total consolidated financial condition or results of operations previously reported as a result of the change in our segment structure. the prior period presentation has been revised to reflect the new segment reporting structure.
we believe that it is important to not only understand overall revenue and earnings growth, but also "operational growth." operational growth is defined as revenue or earnings growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange.
on a global basis, the mix of revenue between livestock and companion animal products was as follows:
% change
15/14                                                      14/13
related to                                                 related to year ended december 31,                       foreign                                               foreign
(millions of dollars)         2015             2014             2013            total          exchange             operational       total          exchange             operational u.s.
livestock                   $1,251           $1,163           $1,034                8                 -                       8          12                 -                      12
companion animal             1,077              896              868               20                 -                      20           3                 -                       3
2,328            2,059            1,902               13                 -                      13           8                 -                       8
international livestock                    1,707            1,940            1,882              (12   )           (15   )                   3           3                (4   )                   7
companion animal               679              736              724               (8   )           (15   )                   7           2                (3   )                   5
2,386            2,676            2,606              (11   )           (15   )                   4           3                (3   )                   6
total livestock                    2,958            3,103            2,916               (5   )            (9   )                   4           6                (3   )                   9
companion animal             1,756            1,632            1,592                8                (6   )                  14           3                (1   )                   4
contract manufacturing          51               50               53                2                (9   )                  11          (6   )            (1   )                  (5    )
$4,765           $4,785           $4,561                -                (8   )                   8           5                (2   )                   7
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
earnings by segment and the operational and foreign exchange changes versus the comparable prior year period were as follows:
% change
15/14                                          14/13
related to                                     related to year ended december 31,                   foreign                                        foreign
(millions of dollars)                  2015             2014             2013            total       exchange         operational       total       exchange         operational u.s.                                 $1,390           $1,176           $1,045               18       -          18                         13       -          13
international                           941            1,025              949               (8   )   (18        )              10           8       (2         )              10
total reportable segments             2,331            2,201            1,994                6       (8         )              14          10       (2         )              12
other business activities              (293    )        (318    )        (317    )          (8   )                                          -
reconciling items:
corporate                              (606    )        (559    )        (555    )           8                                              1
purchase accounting adjustments         (57    )         (51    )         (48    )          12                                              6
acquisition-related costs               (21    )          (8    )         (22    )           *                                            (64   )
certain significant items              (592    )        (205    )        (240    )           *                                            (15   )
other unallocated                      (217    )        (240    )        (122    )         (10   )                                         97
income before income taxes             $545             $820             $690              (34   )                                         19
* calculation not meaningful.
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
45 |
2015 vs. 2014
u.s. operating segment u.s. segment revenue increased by $269 million, or 13%, in 2015 compared with 2014, of which approximately $88 million resulted from growth in livestock products and approximately $181 million resulted from growth in companion animal products.
•   livestock revenue growth was driven by increased sales across the cattle, poultry, and swine portfolios. sales of cattle products grew across multiple categories, including premium brands, as a result of favorable market conditions. cattle sales also benefited from new product launches. growth in sales of poultry products was driven by the re-introduction of a medicated feed additive. sales of swine products grew due to the continued recovery in the pig population following the pedv outbreak in the previous year.
•   companion animal revenue growth was driven by the addition of products acquired from abbott animal health, as well as the solid performance of apoquel®. this growth was partially offset by competitive pressure in other parts of the companion animal portfolio.
u.s. segment earnings increased by $214 million, or 18%, in 2015 compared with 2014, due to strong revenue growth and lower operating expenses, partially offset by unfavorable product mix.
international operating segment international segment revenue decreased by $290 million, or 11%, in 2015 compared with 2014. segment revenue was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange, which decreased revenue by approximately $389 million, or 15%, primarily driven by the depreciation of the euro and the brazilian real.
operational revenue increased $99 million, or 4%, reflecting growth of approximately $49 million in livestock products and growth of approximately $50 million in companion animal products.
•   livestock revenue growth was driven primarily by sales of swine products, particularly in china due to favorable market conditions. sales of cattle products benefited from growth in brazil and mexico, partially offset by the impact of business reduction decisions in venezuela. livestock revenue in france also declined due to the anti-infective legislative changes in 2014.
•   companion animal revenue growth resulted from increased sales of apoquel®, the addition of products acquired from abbott animal health, and the non-recurrence of a prior year inventory buyback related to the termination of a distributor agreement in japan.
international segment earnings decreased by $84 million, or 8%, in 2015 compared with 2014. operational earnings growth was $100 million, or 10%, primarily due to higher revenue and lower operating expenses.
2014 vs. 2013
u.s. operating segment u.s. segment revenue increased by $157 million, or 8%, in 2014 compared with 2013, of which approximately $129 million resulted from growth in livestock products and approximately $28 million resulted from growth in companion animal products.
•   livestock revenue growth was driven by increased sales across the cattle, swine, and poultry portfolios. strong growth in sales of cattle products was primarily due to higher demand for our premium products as a result of improved market conditions, driven by higher cattle prices and lower costs of feed, compared with 2013. growth in swine products was due to the successful launch of new products, tempered by the impact of pedv on the number of treatable animals. sales of poultry products benefited from new vaccines and growth in medicated feed additives.
•   companion animal revenue growth was driven by the introduction of apoquel® as well as sales growth in other key brands. results were partially offset by competitive pressures in our vaccine and pain portfolios and were tempered by competition in our parasiticides portfolio.
u.s. segment earnings increased by $131 million, or 13%, in 2014 compared with 2013, due to strong revenue growth and improved gross margin due to the benefit of higher prices and favorable product mix. segment earnings growth also benefited from limited growth in operating expenses.
international operating segment international segment revenue increased $70 million, or 3%, in 2014 compared with 2013. operational revenue increased $166 million, or 6%, reflecting growth of approximately $134 million in livestock products and growth of approximately $32 million in companion animal products.
•   livestock revenue growth benefited from growth across all segments, mostly notably in cattle and swine. sales of cattle products were driven by price increases from inflationary pressures in venezuela, in addition to solid performance in brazil and canada. in swine, growth was driven by china, brazil, and canada. sales of poultry products grew primarily from performance in india, as well as higher prices in argentina.
•   companion animal revenue growth was driven by the introduction of apoquel®, primarily in germany and the united kingdom. growth was partially offset by performance in the vaccines and parasiticides portfolio.
additionally, segment revenue was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange, which decreased revenue by approximately $96 million, or 3%, primarily driven by the depreciation of the brazilian real and the argentine peso.
international segment earnings increased by $76 million, or 8%, in 2014 compared with 2013. operational earnings growth was $97 million, or 10%, primarily due to higher revenue and limited growth in operating expenses.
46 |
other business activities other business activities includes our css contract manufacturing results, as well as expenses associated with our dedicated veterinary medicine r&d organization, research alliances, u.s. regulatory affairs and other operations focused on the development of our products. other r&d-related costs associated with non-u.s. market and regulatory activities are generally included in the respective regional segment.
2015 vs. 2014
other business activities net loss declined by $25 million, or 8%, in 2015 compared with 2014, reflecting favorable foreign exchange, a decrease in r&d spending driven by our operational efficiency initiative, and favorable results in our css contract manufacturing business.
2014 vs. 2013
other business activities net loss increased by $1 million, in 2014 compared with 2013. the increase is driven primarily by higher salary-related expenses in our veterinary medicine r&d organization, partially offset by favorable results in our css contract manufacturing business.
reconciling items reconciling items include certain costs are not allocated to our operating segments results, such as costs associated with the following:
•   corporate, which includes costs associated with business technology, facilities, legal, finance, human resources, business development, and communications, among others. these costs also include compensation costs and other miscellaneous operating expenses not charged to our operating segments, as well as interest income and expense;
•   certain transactions and events such as (i) purchase accounting adjustments, which includes expenses associated with the amortization of fair value adjustments to inventory, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment; (ii) acquisition-related activities, which includes costs for restructuring and integration; and (iii) certain significant items, which includes non-acquisition-related restructuring charges, certain asset impairment charges, stand-up costs, certain legal and and commercial settlements, and costs associated with cost reduction/productivity initiatives; and
•   other unallocated, which includes certain overhead expenses associated with our global manufacturing operations not charged to our operating segments. effective january 1, 2014, other unallocated also includes certain costs associated with business technology and finance that specifically support our global manufacturing operations, as well as procurement costs. these costs were previously reported in corporate. also, beginning in the first quarter of 2014, certain supply chain and global logistics costs that were previously reported in the reportable segments are reported in other unallocated. this presentation better reflects how we measure the performance of the global manufacturing organization.
2015 vs. 2014
corporate expenses increased by $47 million, or 8%, in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to an increase in certain compensation costs not charged to our operating segments, additional costs associated with the build-up of our enabling functions post-separation from pfizer, including higher business technology costs and higher depreciation on assets recently placed in service, and higher interest expense, net of capitalized interest, associated with the additional debt issued in november 2015. these increases are partially offset by savings associated with our operational efficiency initiative, lower expenses associated with our business development activities and favorable foreign exchange.
other unallocated expenses decreased by $23 million, or 10%, in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by higher global manufacturing and supply costs.
see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 19. segment, geographic and other revenue information for further information.
2014 vs. 2013
corporate expenses decreased by $4 million, or 1%, in 2014 compared with 2013. in 2014 we had additional costs associated with the build-up of our enabling functions post-separation from pfizer, as well as higher interest expense, net of capitalized interest, primarily related to an additional month of interest expense in 2014 associated with our senior notes which were issued on january 28, 2013. these increases were offset by a decrease in certain inventory-related costs not charged to our operating segments, a reduction in share-based payment expenses as a result of our separation from pfizer, and a decrease in certain business technology and finance costs that were reported in corporate in 2013, but are reported in other unallocated beginning in the first quarter of 2014.
other unallocated expenses increased by $118 million in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to a build-up of our supply chain and logistics organization. in addition, a portion of these costs were reported in the four reportable segments in 2013, but are reported in other unallocated beginning in the first quarter of 2014. the increase is also attributable to the addition of certain business technology and finance costs that were reported in corporate in 2013, but are reported in other unallocated beginning in the first quarter of 2014.
see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 19. segment, geographic and other revenue information for further information.
47 |
adjusted net income general description of adjusted net income (a non-gaap financial measure)
adjusted net income is an alternative view of performance used by management, and we believe that investors' understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this performance measure. we report adjusted net income to portray the results of our major operations, the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of our products, prior to considering certain income statement elements. we have defined adjusted net income as net income attributable to zoetis before the impact of purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition-related costs and certain significant items. the adjusted net income measure is not, and should not be viewed as, a substitute for u.s. gaap reported net income attributable to zoetis.
the adjusted net income measure is an important internal measurement for us. we measure our overall performance on this basis in conjunction with other performance metrics. the following are examples of how the adjusted net income measure is utilized:
•   senior management receives a monthly analysis of our operating results that is prepared on an adjusted net income basis;
•   our annual budgets are prepared on an adjusted net income basis; and
•   other goal setting and performance measurements.
despite the importance of this measure to management in goal setting and performance measurement, adjusted net income is a non-gaap financial measure that has no standardized meaning prescribed by u.s. gaap and, therefore, has limits in its usefulness to investors. because of its non-standardized definition, adjusted net income, unlike u.s. gaap net income, may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies. adjusted net income is presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance.
we also recognize that, as an internal measure of performance, the adjusted net income measure has limitations, and we do not restrict our performance management process solely to this metric. a limitation of the adjusted net income measure is that it provides a view of our operations without including all events during a period, such as the effects of an acquisition or amortization of purchased intangibles, and does not provide a comparable view of our performance to other companies. we also use other specifically tailored tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance.
purchase accounting adjustments adjusted net income is calculated prior to considering certain significant purchase accounting impacts that result from business combinations and net asset acquisitions. these impacts, primarily associated with the acquisition of the pharmaq business (acquired in november 2015), certain assets of abbott animal health (acquired in february 2015), kah (acquired in 2011), fdah (acquired in 2009) and pharmacia animal health business (acquired in 2003), include amortization related to the increase in fair value of the acquired finite-lived intangible assets and depreciation related to the increase/decrease to fair value of the acquired fixed assets. therefore, the adjusted net income measure includes the revenue earned upon the sale of the acquired products without considering the aforementioned significant charges.
while certain purchase accounting adjustments can occur through 20 or more years, this presentation provides an alternative view of our performance that is used by management to internally assess business performance. we believe the elimination of amortization attributable to acquired intangible assets provides management and investors an alternative view of our business results by providing a degree of parity to internally developed intangible assets for which r&d costs previously have been expensed.
a completely accurate comparison of internally developed intangible assets and acquired intangible assets cannot be achieved through adjusted net income. these components of adjusted net income are derived solely from the impact of the items listed above. we have not factored in the impact of any other differences in experience that might have occurred if we had discovered and developed those intangible assets on our own, and this approach does not intend to be representative of the results that would have occurred in those circumstances. for example, our r&d costs in total, and in the periods presented, may have been different; our speed to commercialization and resulting revenue, if any, may have been different; or our costs to manufacture may have been different. in addition, our marketing efforts may have been received differently by our customers. as such, in total, there can be no assurance that our adjusted net income amounts would have been the same as presented had we discovered and developed the acquired intangible assets.
acquisition-related costs adjusted net income is calculated prior to considering transaction, integration and restructuring costs associated with significant business combinations or net-asset acquisitions because these costs are unique to each transaction and represent costs that were incurred to restructure and integrate certain businesses as a result of the acquisition decision. we have made no adjustments for the resulting synergies.
we believe that viewing income prior to considering these charges provides investors with a useful additional perspective because the significant costs incurred in a business combination result primarily from the need to eliminate duplicate assets, activities or employees--a natural result of acquiring a fully integrated set of activities. for this reason, we believe that the costs incurred to convert disparate systems, to close duplicative facilities or to eliminate duplicate positions (for example, in the context of a business combination) can be viewed differently from those costs incurred in the ordinary course of business.
the integration and restructuring costs associated with a business combination may occur over several years, with the more significant impacts ending within three years of the transaction. because of the need for certain external approvals for some actions, the span of time needed to achieve certain restructuring and integration activities can be lengthy. for example, due to the regulated nature of the animal health medicines and vaccines business, the closure of excess facilities can take several years, as all manufacturing changes are subject to extensive validation and testing and must be approved by the fda and/or other regulatory authorities.
48 |
certain significant items adjusted net income is calculated prior to considering certain significant items. certain significant items represent substantive, unusual items that are evaluated on an individual basis. such evaluation considers both the quantitative and the qualitative aspect of their unusual nature. unusual, in this context, may represent items that are not part of our ongoing business; items that, either as a result of their nature or size, we would not expect to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis; items that would be nonrecurring; or items that relate to products that we no longer sell. while not all-inclusive, examples of items that could be included as certain significant items would be costs related to becoming an independent public company, a major non-acquisition-related restructuring charge and associated implementation costs for a program that is specific in nature with a defined term, such as those related to our non-acquisition-related cost-reduction and productivity initiatives; amounts related to disposals of products or facilities that do not qualify as discontinued operations as defined by u.s. gaap; certain intangible asset impairments; adjustments related to the resolution of certain tax positions; significant currency devaluation; the impact of adopting certain significant, event-driven tax legislation; or charges related to legal matters. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 18. commitments and contingencies. our normal, ongoing defense costs or settlements of and accruals on legal matters made in the normal course of our business would not be considered certain significant items.
reconciliation a reconciliation of net income attributable to zoetis, as reported under u.s. gaap, to adjusted net income follows:
year ended december 31,                        % change
(millions of dollars)                                         2015                2014                2013       15/14           14/13
gaap reported net income attributable to zoetis          $339                $583                $504              (42   )          16
purchase accounting adjustments-net of tax                 39                  34                  32               15               6
acquisition-related costs-net of tax                       22                   5                  14                *             (64   )
certain significant items-net of tax                      489                 168                 159                *               6
non-gaap adjusted net income(a)(b)                       $889                $790                $709               13              11
* calculation not meaningful.
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
(a)   the effective tax rate on adjusted pretax income is 26.8%, 26.8% and 29.2% for full year 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the change in the effective tax rate in 2015 compared to 2014 is primarily due to changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings as well as repatriation costs, changes in valuation allowances and resolution of other tax items. the lower effective tax rate in 2014 compared to 2013 is primarily due to changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings as well as repatriation costs, changes in valuation allowances and resolution of other tax items. in addition, we recognized an $8 million discrete tax expense during the first quarter of 2014 related to an intercompany inventory adjustment.
(b)   the impact of the incentive tax rulings in belgium and in singapore continued to be a component of the 2015 effective tax rate, as well as the 2015 u.s. research and development tax credit which was permanently extended on december 18, 2015. for additional information on the impact of the european commission's negative decision on the belgium excess profits ruling on january 11, 2016, see note 22. subsequent events.
the following table provides a reconciliation of reported diluted earnings per share (eps), as reported under u.s. gaap, and non-gaap adjusted diluted eps:
year ended december 31,                        % change
2015                2014                2013       15/14           14/13
earnings per share-diluted(a)(b):
gaap reported net income attributable to zoetis         $0.68               $1.16               $1.01              (41   )          15
purchase accounting adjustments-net of tax               0.08                0.07                0.06               14              17
acquisition-related costs-net of tax                     0.04                0.01                0.03                *             (67   )
certain significant items-net of tax                     0.97                0.33                0.32                *               3
non-gaap adjusted net income                            $1.77               $1.57               $1.42               13              11
* calculation not meaningful.
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
(a)   diluted earnings per share was computed using the weighted-average common shares outstanding during the period plus the common stock equivalents related to stock options, rsus, dsus and psus.
(b)   eps amounts may not add due to rounding.
adjusted net income includes the following charges for each of the periods presented:
year ended december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                  2015                2014                2013
interest expense, net of capitalized interest          $124                $117                $113
interest income                                           6                   6                   3
taxes                                                   326                 290                 292
depreciation                                            124                 131                 138
amortization                                             16                  17                  17
49 |
adjusted net income, as shown above, excludes the following items:
year ended december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                                                                               2015                2014                2013
purchase accounting adjustments:
amortization and depreciation(a)                                                                                     $48                 $47                 $46
cost of sales(b)                                                                                                       9                   4                   2
total purchase accounting adjustments-pretax                                                                          57                  51                  48
income taxes(c)                                                                                                       18                  17                  16
total purchase accounting adjustments-net of tax                                                                      39                  34                  32
acquisition-related costs:
integration costs(d)                                                                                                  10                   8                  22
transaction costs(d)                                                                                                   9                   -                   -
other(e)                                                                                                               2                   -                   -
total acquisition-related costs-pretax                                                                                21                   8                  22
income taxes(c)                                                                                                       (1    )              3                   8
total acquisition-related costs-net of tax                                                                            22                   5                  14
certain significant items:
operational efficiency initiative(f)                                                                                 346                   -                   -
supply network strategy(g)                                                                                            27                   -                   -
other restructuring charges (benefits) and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives(h)                                  -                  18                 (12    )
certain asset impairment charges(i)                                                                                    5                   6                  20
net gains on sale of assets(j)                                                                                         -                  (5    )             (6    )
stand-up costs(k)                                                                                                    118                 168                 206
foreign currency loss related to venezuela revaluation(l)                                                             93                   -                   -
inventory and intercompany account write-offs(m)                                                                       -                   -                  24
other(n)                                                                                                               3                  18                   8
total certain significant items-pretax                                                                               592                 205                 240
income taxes(c)                                                                                                      103                  37                  81
total certain significant items-net of tax                                                                           489                 168                 159
total purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition-related costs, and certain significant items-net of tax          $550                $207                $205
certain amounts may reflect rounding adjustments.
(a)   amortization and depreciation expense related to purchase accounting adjustments with respect to identifiable intangible assets and property, plant and equipment were distributed as follows in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively: $46 million, $45 million, and $46 million included in amortization of intangible assets; $0 million, $0 million, and $1 million income included in selling, general and administrative expenses; and $2 million, $2 million, and $1 million included in research and development expenses.
(b)   amortization and depreciation expense, as well as fair value adjustments to acquired inventory, included in cost of sales.
(c)   included in provision for taxes on income. income taxes include the tax effect of the associated pre-tax amounts, calculated by determining the jurisdictional location of the pre-tax amounts and applying that jurisdiction's applicable tax rate. income taxes in purchase accounting adjustments for 2015, includes a tax benefit related to the revaluation of deferred taxes as a result of a change in tax rates. income taxes in acquisition-related costs for 2015, includes a tax charge related to the acquisition of certain assets of abbott animal health. income taxes in certain significant items for 2015, includes a net tax benefit related to the revaluation of deferred taxes and other deferred tax adjustments.
(d)   included in restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs. see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives for more information.
(e)   included in other (income)/deductions-net.
(f)   represents restructuring charges of $291 million related to employee termination costs ($253 million) and asset impairments ($38 million), included in restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs, inventory write-offs of $13 million, included in cost of sales, accelerated depreciation of $2 million, included in research and development expenses, and $40 million primarily related to consulting fees, included in selling, general and administrative expenses.
(g)   represents restructuring charges of $10 million related to employee termination costs ($9 million) and asset impairments ($1 million), included in restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs, accelerated depreciation of $1 million, included in cost of sales, and $16 million primarily related to consulting fees, included in cost of sales.
(h)   represents charges incurred for restructuring and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives. in 2014, primarily represents employee termination costs in europe and our global manufacturing operations. in 2013, primarily represents a $27 million decrease in employee termination costs related to the reversal of a previously established termination reserve related to our operation in europe, partially offset by accelerated depreciation related to the exiting of certain leased manufacturing and research facilities. included in restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives for more information.
(i)   in 2015, represents impairment charges related to assets held by our joint venture in taiwan, currently classified as held for sale, and an impairment of ipr&amp;d assets related to the termination of a canine oncology project. in 2014, amounts primarily represent an impairment charge related to an ipr&amp;d project acquired with the fdah acquisition in 2009 and were included in other (income)/deductions-net. in 2013, amounts primarily relate to restructuring initiatives in 2013 and
50 |
were included in restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives and note 7. other (income)/deductions-net for more information.
(j)   in 2014, primarily represents the zoetis portion of a net gain on the sale of land by our taiwan joint venture and the net gain on the government-mandated sale of certain product rights in argentina that were acquired with the fdah acquisition in 2009. in 2013, represents the net gain on the government-mandated sale of certain product rights in brazil in 2013 that were acquired with the fdah acquisition in 2009. included in other (income)/deductions-net. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 7. other (income)/deductions-net for more information.
(k)   certain non-recurring costs related to becoming an independent public company, such as new branding (including changes to the manufacturing process for required new packaging), the creation of standalone systems and infrastructure, site separation, accelerated vesting and associated cash payment related to certain pfizer equity awards, and certain legal registration and patent assignment costs which were distributed as follows in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively: $27 million, $32 million and $21 million included in cost of sales; $90 million, $131 million and $177 million included in selling, general and administrative expenses, $0 million, $0 million and $7 million included in research and development expenses, and $1 million, $5 million and $1 million included in other (income)/deductions-net.
(l)   for additional information, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 8. foreign currency losses related to venezuela revaluation.
(m)   amounts relate to write-offs of inventory and intercompany accounts that were transferred to us as part of the separation from pfizer and were distributed as follows: $19 million included in cost of sales and $5 million included in selling, general and administrative expenses. because these expenses relate primarily to the periods prior to our initial public offering, we do not consider them to be reflective of our current operations and we have therefore, excluded them from our adjusted earnings non-gaap measure. although fully written off in the current period, all of the adjustments relate back several years.
(n)   for 2015, represents charges due to unusual investor-related activities. for 2014, primarily includes a charge associated with a commercial settlement in mexico ($13 million), partially offset by the insurance recovery ($1 million income), charges due to unusual investor-related activities ($5 million), a pension plan settlement charge related to the divestiture of a manufacturing plant ($4 million), and an insurance recovery of other litigation related charge ($2 million income). for 2013, primarily includes litigation-related charges ($5 million) and charges related to transitional manufacturing purchase agreements associated with divestitures ($1 million).
analysis of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income substantially all changes in other comprehensive income for the periods presented are related to foreign currency translation adjustments. these changes result from the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar as compared to the currencies in the countries in which we do business. the gains and losses associated with these changes are deferred on the balance sheet in accumulated other comprehensive loss until realized.
analysis of the consolidated balance sheets december 31, 2015 vs. december 31, 2014
for a discussion about the changes in cash and cash equivalents, short-term borrowing, including current portion of long term debt, and long-term debt, see "analysis of financial condition, liquidity and capital resources" below.
accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts decreased primarily as a result of the impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by the timing of customer collections and the accounts receivable balances associated with the acquisition of pharmaq. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5a. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: acquisition of pharmaq.
inventories increased primarily to support certain production transfers and production phasing, increased commercial demand of selected key products, and higher inventory levels as a result of the acquisitions of certain assets from abbott animal health and pharmaq. these increases were partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange and a reclassification of certain inventories to assets held for sale. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments and note 10. inventories for additional information.
the changes in current deferred tax assets, noncurrent deferred tax assets, noncurrent deferred tax liabilities and other taxes payable primarily reflect adjustments to the accrual for the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2015, as well as the 2015 adoption of a new accounting standard requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 4. significant accounting policies: new accounting standards and note 9. tax matters.
assets held for sale primarily reflects the reclassification of certain cash, inventory, goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation associated with pending divestitures. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5b. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: divestitures.
property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation decreased primarily as a result of depreciation expense, the impact of foreign exchange, asset impairments and a reclassification of certain assets to assets held for sale. these decreases were partially offset by capital spending. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5b. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: divestitures.
goodwill increased primarily as a result of the acquisitions of pharmaq and of certain assets from abbott animal health. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5a. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: acquisition of pharmaq and acquisition of abbott animal health and note 13. goodwill and other intangible assets.
identifiable intangible assets, less accumulated amortization increased primarily as a result the acquisitions of pharmaq and of certain assets from abbott animal health. these increases were partially offset by amortization expense, the impact of foreign exchange, intangible asset impairments primarily associated with our operational efficiency initiative and a reclassification of certain intangible assets to assets held for sale. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5a. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: acquisition of pharmaq and acquisition of abbott animal health and note 13. goodwill and other intangible assets.
accounts payable increased as a result of the timing of payments, partially offset by impact of foreign exchange.
dividends payable increased due to the increase in the dividend rate, which was declared on december 16, 2015.
51 |
accrued expenses and other current liabilities increased primarily as a result of the 2015 accrual of employee termination costs associated with our operational efficiency initiative and supply network strategy, as well as the recognition of the contingent purchase price consideration to be paid to abbott. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5a. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments: acquisition of abbott animal health and note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives.
long-term debt, net of discount and issuance costs reflects the senior notes issued in november 2015 and the senior notes offering in january 2013. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 2c. the separation, adjustments associated with the separation, senior notes offering, initial public offering and exchange offer: senior notes offering and note 10a. financial instruments: debt.
other non-current liabilities increased primarily as a result of the 2015 accrual of employee termination costs associated with our operational efficiency initiative and supply network strategy. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives.
for an analysis of the changes in total equity, see the consolidated statements of equity.
analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows year ended december 31,      % change
(millions of dollars)                                                   2015        2014                2013                   15/14           14/13
cash provided by/(used in):
operating activities                                                    $664                $626                $681        6                     (8   )
investing activities                                                  (1,115    )           (187    )           (179    )      *                   4
financing activities                                                     755                (154    )           (200    )      *                 (23   )
effect of exchange-rate changes on cash and cash equivalents             (32    )            (13    )             (9    )      *                  44
net increase in cash and cash equivalents                               $272                $272                $293           -                  (7   )
*    calculation not meaningful.
certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments.
operating activities
2015 vs. 2014
net cash provided by operating activities was $664 million in 2015 compared with $626 million in 2014. the increase in operating cash flows was primarily attributable to the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business. this increase was partially offset by lower income before allocation to noncontrolling interests, as adjusted for depreciation and amortization, as well as higher inventory levels and employee termination payments related to our operational efficiency initiative and supply network strategy.
2014 vs. 2013
net cash provided by operating activities was $626 million in 2014 compared with $681 million in 2013. the decrease in operating cash flows was primarily attributable to the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business, the settlement of payables with pfizer, and a decrease in other liabilities. this decrease was partially offset by higher income before allocation to noncontrolling interests, as adjusted for depreciation and amortization.
investing activities
2015 vs. 2014
net cash used in investing activities was $1,115 million in 2015 compared with $187 million in 2014. the increase in investing cash flows was primarily attributable to the acquisitions of pharmaq and of certain assets of abbott animal health.
2014 vs. 2013
net cash used in investing activities was $187 million in 2014 compared with $179 million in 2013. the increase in investing cash flows was primarily due to a 2014 milestone payment related to previously acquired intangible assets.
financing activities
2015 vs. 2014
net cash provided by financing activities was $755 million in 2015 compared with $154 million in 2014. the net cash provided by financing activities for 2015 was primarily attributable to proceeds received from the november 2015 issuance of senior notes, partially offset by the purchase of treasury shares and the payment of dividends. the net cash used in financing activities for 2014 was primarily attributable to the payment of dividends.
2014 vs. 2013
net cash used in financing activities was $154 million in 2014 compared with $200 million in 2013. the net cash used in financing activities for 2014 was due primarily to the payment of dividends. the net cash used in financing activities for 2013 was primarily attributable to the net transfers to pfizer as a result of the separation.
52 |
analysis of financial condition, liquidity and capital resources while we believe our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows and our existing financing arrangements will be sufficient to support our future cash needs, this may be subject to the environment in which we operate. risks to our meeting future funding requirements include global economic conditions described in the following paragraph.
as global financial markets continue their slow and sometimes uneven recovery from the 2008/2009 recession, additional macroeconomic, business and financial volatility may persist. as markets change, we will continue to monitor our liquidity position, but there can be no assurance that a challenging economic environment or an economic downturn will not impact our liquidity or our ability to obtain future financing.
selected measures of liquidity and capital resources certain relevant measures of our liquidity and capital resources follow:
december 31,          december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                       2015                  2014
cash and cash equivalents                                 $1,154                  $882
accounts receivable, net(a)                                  937                   980
short-term borrowings                                          5                     7
long-term debt                                             4,463                 3,624
working capital                                            2,049                 2,379
ratio of current assets to current liabilities            2.15:1                3.19:1
(a)   accounts receivable are usually collected over a period of 60 to 90 days. for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, the number of days that accounts receivables are outstanding remained approximately the same. we regularly monitor our accounts receivable for collectability, particularly in markets where economic conditions remain uncertain. we believe that our allowance for doubtful accounts is appropriate. our assessment is based on such factors as past due aging, historical and expected collection patterns, the financial condition of our customers, the robust nature of our credit and collection practices and the economic environment.
for additional information about the sources and uses of our funds, see the analysis of the consolidated balance sheets and analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows sections of this md&a.
credit facility and other lines of credit in december 2012, we entered into a revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks providing for a five-year $1.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which became effective in february 2013 upon the completion of the ipo and which expires in december 2017. subject to certain conditions, we have the right to increase the credit facility to up to $1.5 billion. the credit facility originally contained a financial covenant requiring us to not exceed a maximum total leverage ratio (the ratio of consolidated net debt as of the end of the period to consolidated earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) for such period) of 4.35:1 for fiscal year 2013, 3.95:1 for fiscal year 2014, 3.50:1 for fiscal year 2015 and 3.00:1 thereafter. on november 2, 2015, we amended this financial covenant to increase the maximum total leverage ratio for fiscal 2016 and thereafter from 3.00:1 to 3.50:1, and, only upon entering into a material acquisition, to 4.25:1. the amended ratio relating to entering into a material acquisition extends until the fourth full consecutive fiscal quarter ended immediately following the consummation of a material acquisition. on november 10, 2015, we designated the acquisition of pharmaq a material acquisition under the revolving credit agreement. for additional information see note 5. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments. the credit facility also contains a financial covenant requiring that we maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio (the ratio of ebitda at the end of the period to interest expense for such period) of 3.50:1. in addition, the credit facility contains other customary covenants. we were in compliance with all financial covenants as of december 31, 2015. there were no borrowings outstanding as of both december 31, 2015, and 2014.
we have additional lines of credit and other credit arrangements with a group of banks and other financial intermediaries for general corporate purposes. we maintain cash and cash equivalent balances in excess of our outstanding short-term borrowings. as of december 31, 2015, we had access to $79 million of lines of credit which expire at various times through 2016. as of december 31, 2015, we had $4 million of borrowings outstanding related to these facilities, all of which were short-term. as of december 31, 2014, we had $7 million of short-term borrowings outstanding and $3 million of long-term borrowings outstanding related to these facilities.
domestic and international short-term funds many of our operations are conducted outside the united states. the amount of funds held in the united states will fluctuate due to the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business and due to other reasons, such as business development activities. as part of our ongoing liquidity assessments, we regularly monitor the mix of u.s. and international cash flows (both inflows and outflows). repatriation of overseas funds can result in additional united states, federal, state and local income tax payments. we record u.s. deferred tax liabilities for certain unremitted earnings, but when amounts earned overseas are expected to be indefinitely reinvested outside the united states, no accrual for u.s. taxes is provided.
global economic conditions the challenging economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate that it will have, a significant impact on our liquidity. due to our operating cash flows, financial assets, access to capital markets and available lines of credit and revolving credit agreements, we continue to believe that we have the ability to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. as markets change, we continue to monitor our liquidity position. there can be no assurance that a challenging economic environment or a further economic downturn would not impact our ability to obtain financing in the future.
53 |
contractual obligations payments due under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015, are set forth below:
2017-         2019-         there-
(millions of dollars)                                                              total          2016            2018          2020          after long-term debt, including current portion and interest obligations(a)             $7,121          $563          $1,063          $796         $4,699
other long-term liabilities reflected on our consolidated balance sheets under u.s. gaap(b)                                                                   117            68              19             7             23
operating lease commitments                                                          149            27              45            24             53
purchase obligations and other(c)                                                     76            36              27             8              5
benefit plans - continuing service credit obligations(d)                              26             4               8             8              6
uncertain tax positions(e)                                                             -             -               -             -              -
certain amounts may reflect rounding adjustments.
(a)   long-term debt consists of senior notes and other notes. our calculations of expected interest payments incorporate only current period assumptions for interest rates, foreign currency translation rates and zoetis hedging strategies. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 10a. financial instruments: debt.
(b)   includes expected payments to pfizer related to the transfer of certain product registration and application rights associated with our operations in indonesia, expected payment to abbott related to the acquisition of certain assets of abbott animal health, expected employee termination payments that represent contractual obligations, expected payments related to our unfunded u.s. supplemental (non-qualified) savings plans, deferred compensation and expected payments relating to our future benefit payments net of plan assets (included in the determination of the projected benefit obligation) for pension plans that are dedicated to zoetis employees and those transferred to us from pfizer. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments, note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives and note 14. benefit plans. excludes approximately $134 million of noncurrent liabilities related to legal and environmental accruals, certain employee termination and exit costs, deferred income and other accruals, most of which do not represent contractual obligations. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 6. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives and note 18. commitments and contingencies.
(c)   includes agreements to purchase goods and services that are enforceable and legally binding and includes amounts relating to advertising, information technology services, employee benefit administration services and potential milestone payments deemed reasonably likely to occur.
(d)   includes the cost of service credit continuation for certain zoetis employees in the pfizer u.s. qualified defined benefit pension and u.s. retiree medical plans, in accordance with the employee matters agreement. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 14. benefit plans.
(e)   except for amounts reflected in income taxes payable, we are unable to predict the timing of tax settlements, as tax audits can involve complex issues and the resolution of those issues may span multiple years, particularly if subject to negotiation or litigation.
the table above excludes amounts for potential milestone payments unless the payments are deemed reasonably likely to occur. payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and/or commercialization milestones, which may span several years and/or which may never occur. our contractual obligations in the table above are not necessarily indicative of our contractual obligations in the future.
debt on november 13, 2015, we issued $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes (2015 senior notes), with an original issue discount of $2 million. these notes are comprised of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.450% senior notes due 2020 and $750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.500% senior notes due 2025. net proceeds from this offering were used to repay amounts drawn under the revolving credit facility, which were borrowed to fund the purchase price for the acquisition of pharmaq (see note 5. acquisitions, divestitures and certain investments). in addition, net proceeds from this offering will be used to repay the principal when due of $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 1.150% senior notes due 2016, and for general corporate purposes.
on january 28, 2013, we issued $3.65 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes in a private placement, with an original issue discount of $10 million. the senior notes are comprised of $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 1.150% senior notes due 2016, $750 million aggregate principal amount of our 1.875% senior notes due 2018, $1.35 billion aggregate principal amount of our 3.250% senior notes due 2023 and $1.15 billion aggregate principal amount of our 4.700% senior notes due 2043.
we sold $2.65 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes through the initial purchasers in the senior notes offering and pfizer transferred $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes to certain of the initial purchasers, who sold such senior notes through the initial purchasers in the senior notes offering. we paid an amount of cash equal to substantially all of the net proceeds that we received in the senior notes offering to pfizer prior to the completion of the ipo.
the senior notes are governed by an indenture and supplemental indenture (collectively, the indenture) between us and deutsche bank trust company americas, as trustee. the indenture contains certain covenants, including limitations on our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to incur liens or engage in sale leaseback transactions. the indenture also contains restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell substantially all of our assets. in addition, the indenture contains other customary terms, including certain events of default, upon the occurrence of which the senior notes may be declared immediately due and payable.
pursuant to the indenture, we are able to redeem the senior notes of any series, in whole or in part, at any time by paying a "make whole" premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. pursuant to our tax matters agreement with pfizer, we will not be permitted to redeem the 2023 notes pursuant to this optional redemption provision, except under limited circumstances. upon the occurrence of a change of control of us and a downgrade of the senior notes below an investment grade rating by each of moody's investors service, inc. and standard & poor's ratings services, we are, in certain circumstances, required to make an offer to repurchase all of the outstanding senior notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the senior notes together with accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of repurchase.
in connection with the senior notes offering, we entered into a registration rights agreement (the registration rights agreement) with the representatives of the initial purchasers of the senior notes.  pursuant to the terms of the registration rights agreement, we were obligated, among
54 |
other things, to use our commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement with the sec enabling holders of the senior notes to exchange the privately placed notes for publicly registered notes with substantially the same terms. we filed the registration statement with the sec on september 13, 2013, the sec declared the registration statement effective on september 24, 2013, and the exchange offer was completed on october 31, 2013.
the components of our long-term debt as of the year ended december 31, 2015, follow:
description   principal amount   interest rate   terms
2016 senior note       $400 million          1.150%   interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on february 1, 2016(a)
2018 senior note       $750 million          1.875%   interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on february 1, 2018
2020 senior note       $500 million          3.450%   interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on november 13, 2020
2023 senior note     $1,350 million          3.250%   interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on february 1, 2023
2025 senior note       $750 million          4.500%   interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on november 13, 2025
2043 senior note     $1,150 million          4.700%   interest due semi annually, not subject to amortization, aggregate principal due on february 1, 2043
(a) aggregate principal amount repaid in february 2016.
credit ratings two major corporate debt-rating organizations, moody's and s&p, assign ratings to our short-term and long-term debt. a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and the rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
the following table provides the current ratings assigned by these rating agencies to our commercial paper and senior unsecured non-credit-enhanced long-term debt:
commercial paper        long-term debt            date of name of rating agency   rating       rating          outlook   last action moody's                 p-2          baa2            stable    november 2015
s&amp;p                 a-3          bbb-            stable    november 2015
pension obligations effective december 31, 2012, our employees ceased to participate in the pfizer u.s. qualified defined benefit and u.s. retiree medical plans, and liabilities associated with our employees under these plans were retained by pfizer. as part of the separation, pfizer is continuing to credit certain employees' service with zoetis generally through december 31, 2017 (or termination of employment from zoetis, if earlier), for certain early retirement benefits with respect to pfizer's u.s. defined benefit pension and retiree medical plans. in connection with the employee matters agreement, zoetis will be responsible for payment of three-fifths of the total cost of the service credit continuation (approximately $38 million) for these plans. the amount of the service cost continuation payment to be paid by zoetis to pfizer was determined and fixed based on an actuarial assessment of the value of the grow-in benefits and will be paid in equal installments over a period of 10 years. as of december 31, 2015, the remaining payments due to pfizer (approximately $26 million in the aggregate) are to be paid over the next 7 years.
as part of the separation, pfizer transferred to us the net pension obligations associated with certain international defined benefit plans. we expect to contribute a total of approximately $8 million to these plans in 2016.
in 2013, pfizer transferred to us the u.s. supplemental savings plan liability of approximately $14 million, cash of $9 million and a deferred tax asset of $5 million associated with employees transferred to us as part of the separation. as of december 31, 2015, the supplemental savings plan liability was approximately $21 million.
for additional information, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 14. benefit plans.
share repurchase program in november 2014, the company's board of directors authorized a $500 million share repurchase program. purchases of zoetis shares may be made at the discretion of management, depending on market conditions and business needs. there were no share repurchases under this program during the year ended december 31, 2014. during 2015, approximately 4 million shares were repurchased. as of december 31, 2015, there was approximately $301 million remaining under this authorization.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business and in connection with the sale of assets and businesses, we may indemnify our counterparties against certain liabilities that may arise in connection with a transaction or that are related to activities prior to a transaction. these indemnifications typically pertain to environmental, tax, employee and/or product-related matters, and patent-infringement claims. if the indemnified party were to make a successful claim pursuant to the terms of the indemnification, we would be required to reimburse the loss. these indemnifications are generally subject to threshold amounts, specified claim periods and other restrictions and limitations. historically, we have not paid significant amounts under these provisions and, as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, recorded amounts for the estimated fair value of these indemnifications are not significant.
55 |
new accounting standards for discussion of our new accounting standards, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 4. significant accounting policies-new accounting standards.
recently issued accounting standards, not adopted as of december 31, 2015
in july 2015, the fasb issued an accounting standards update to simplify the measurement of inventory by requiring that inventory be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value, rather than at the lower of cost or market, with market being defined as either replacement cost, net realizable value or net realizable value less a normal profit margin. the provisions of the new standard are effective beginning january 1, 2017, for annual and interim reporting periods. the guidance will be adopted prospectively and early adoption is permitted. we plan to adopt this guidance as of january 1, 2017, the required effective date, and do not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2015, the fasb issued an accounting standards update that provides revised guidance on whether to consolidate certain legal entities, such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations and securitization structures. we plan to adopt this guidance as of january 1, 2016, the required effective date, and do not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in may 2014, the fasb issued an accounting standards update that outlines a new, single comprehensive model for companies to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. this update supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance under u.s. gaap. the core principle of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. the guidance includes a five-step model for determining how, when and how much revenue should be recognized. this update also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. in july 2015, the fasb issued a one year deferral of the effective date. the provisions of the new standard are now effective for zoetis beginning january 1, 2018, for annual and interim reporting periods. early adoption is permitted beginning on january 1, 2017. the new standard allows for either full retrospective or modified retrospective transition upon adoption. we continue to assess the transition method we will elect for adoption as well as the potential impact that adopting this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results this report contains "forward-looking" statements. we generally identify forward-looking statements by using words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "could," "expect," "intend," "project," "plan," "predict," "believe," "seek," "continue," "outlook," "may," "might," "will," "should," "can have," "likely" or the negative version of these words or comparable words or by using future dates in connection with any discussion of future performance, actions or events.
in particular, forward-looking statements include statements relating to our indebtedness, our ability to make interest and principal payments on our indebtedness, our ability to satisfy the covenants contained in our indebtedness, the redemption of the notes, new systems infrastructure stand-up, our 2016 financial guidance, future actions, business plans or prospects, prospective products, product approvals or products under development, product supply disruptions, r&d costs, timing and likelihood of success, future operating or financial performance, future results of current and anticipated products and services, strategies, sales efforts, expenses, production efficiencies, production margins, interest rates, tax rates, changes in tax regimes and laws, foreign exchange rates, growth in emerging markets, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, plans related to share repurchases and dividends, our agreements with pfizer, the expected timing and content of regulatory actions, government regulation and financial results. these statements are not guarantees of future performance, actions or events. forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and are potentially inaccurate assumptions. among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from past results and future plans and projected future results are the following:
•   emerging restrictions and bans on the use of antibacterials in food-producing animals;
•   perceived adverse effects on human health linked to the consumption of food derived from animals that utilize our products;
•   increased regulation or decreased governmental support relating to the raising, processing or consumption of food-producing animals;
•   fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and potential currency controls;
•   changes in tax laws, regulations, and challenges brought against our incentive tax rulings;
•   legal factors, including product liability claims, antitrust litigation and governmental investigations, including tax disputes, environmental concerns, commercial disputes and patent disputes with branded and generic competitors, any of which could preclude commercialization of products or negatively affect the profitability of existing products;
•   failure to protect our intellectual property rights or to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others;
•   an outbreak of infectious disease carried by animals;
•   adverse weather conditions and the availability of natural resources;
•   adverse global economic conditions;
•   failure of our r&amp;d, acquisition and licensing efforts to generate new products;
•   the possible impact of competing products, including generic alternatives, on our products and our ability to compete against such products;
•   quarterly fluctuations in demand and costs;
56 |
•   governmental laws and regulations affecting domestic and foreign operations, including without limitation, tax obligations and changes affecting the tax treatment by the united states of income earned outside the united states that may result from pending and possible future proposals; and
•   governmental laws and regulations affecting our interactions with veterinary healthcare providers.
however, there may also be other risks that we are unable to predict at this time. these risks or uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by a forward-looking statement. you should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or by the rules and regulations of the sec. you are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our form 10-q and 8-k reports and our other filings with the sec. you should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, you should not consider the above to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.
