As part of our broad and ongoing efforts to transform AIG for long-term competitiveness, we finalized a series of initiatives focused on organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business rationalization, which are expected to result in pre-tax restructuring and other costs, as well as generate pre-tax annualized savings when fully implemented. We expect the remaining costs to be recognized through 2017, including costs associated with the modernization of information technology platforms. Additionally, we are introducing a new legacy portfolio that aims to maximize value and release capital from run-off of non-strategic assets and highlight progress on improving the return on equity of our operating portfolio. Our strategy includes investing in transformative opportunities, continuing initiatives to modernize our technology and infrastructure, and advancing our engineering capabilities. We believe that investments in underwriting, claims services, client risk services, science, and data will continue to differentiate us from our peers and drive a superior client experience. We are focused on enhancing decision-making, transparency, and accountability through the reorganization of our operating model into modular, more self-contained business units. The integration of technology is essential to our operational efficiency and business innovation, enabling us to optimize our business processes and improve service delivery. Our technology management practices are designed to facilitate communication and enhance operational flexibility, which are critical in responding to market dynamics and consumer demands. We continue to evaluate the markets and geographies that provide the greatest opportunities while maintaining the global footprint that our multinational clients greatly value. Our investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit, with a focus on generating investment income, preserving capital, and managing liquidity. The primary sources of liquidity are premiums, fees, reinsurance recoverables, and investment income, while the primary uses include paid losses, reinsurance payments, dividends, expenses, investments, and collateral requirements. We actively manage our liquidity through various risk committees, policies, and procedures, ensuring that we can meet our financial obligations over a twelve-month period under a liquidity stress scenario. Our risk management framework integrates stakeholder interests, strategic business goals, and available financial resources, balancing measured risks that are expected to generate repeatable, sustainable earnings and create long-term value. The governance structure fosters the development and maintenance of a risk and control culture that encompasses all significant risk categories, with accountability for implementation and oversight aligned with individual corporate executives. We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations. Our enterprise risk management department supervises and integrates the risk management functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a consolidated view of the firm's major risk positions. The liquidity risk management framework is guided by the liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the board-approved risk appetite statement, ensuring that sufficient cash can be generated to meet obligations as they come due.