We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between insurers and their customers, and we do not assume underwriting risks. Our acquisition program and our integration efforts are meeting our expectations. We expect to use these additional earnings to continue our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations. The increase in operating expense in 2015 compared to 2014 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses, outside consulting fees, and other costs incurred to assimilate the acquired businesses with our IT-related systems. We have historically viewed organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our brokerage and risk management segments. Our retail brokerage operations negotiate and place property/casualty, employer-provided health and welfare insurance and retirement solutions, principally for middle-market commercial, industrial, public entity, religious, and not-for-profit entities. Our wholesale brokerage operations assist our brokers and other unaffiliated brokers and agents in the placement of specialized, unique, and hard-to-place insurance programs. Our primary sources of compensation for our retail brokerage services are commissions paid by insurance companies, which are usually based upon a percentage of the premium paid by insureds, and brokerage and advisory fees paid directly by our clients. We recognize supplemental commission revenues using internal data and information received from insurance carriers that allows us to reasonably estimate the supplemental commissions earned in the period. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to favorable timing differences in the payment of accrued liabilities and an increased amount of non-cash charges in 2015 compared to 2014, partially offset by cash used in 2015 in the production and sale of refined coal at the plants qualified to receive refined coal tax credits under IRC section 45. We expect that our international revenue will continue to grow as a percentage of our total revenues in 2016 compared to 2015, given the number and size of the non-U.S. acquisitions that we completed in 2013, 2014, and 2015. The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive. Historically, our capital requirements have primarily included dividend payments on our common stock, repurchases of our common stock, funding of our investments, acquisitions of brokerage and risk management operations, and capital expenditures. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. Our current estimate of the 2016 annual after-tax earnings, including IRC section 45 tax credits, which will be produced from all of our clean energy investments is $110.0 million to $124.0 million. We anticipate that these investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows for the period 2015 through 2021. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. We have a secured revolving loan facility that provides funding for our premium finance subsidiaries. The increase in depreciation expense in 2015 compared to 2014 and in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily relates to the purchases of furniture, equipment, and leasehold improvements related to office expansions and moves, and expenditures related to upgrading computer systems. We believe that the presentation of adjusted EBITDAC, adjusted EBITDAC margin, and diluted net earnings per share (as adjusted) for the brokerage and risk management segments provides a meaningful representation of our operating performance.