Applied's strategic priorities for fiscal 2016 include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. The competitive environment for silicon systems in fiscal 2015 reflected continued investment by semiconductor manufacturers. Mobility, and the increasing technological functionality of mobile devices, continues to be the largest drivers of semiconductor industry spending. Applied's investments in technology are focused on supporting the adoption of new products and customer ramps of advanced technologies. Management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied's investments in etch and chemical vapor deposition were focused on supporting the adoption of the etch centris sym 3 product and customer ramps of 3D NAND technology. The mobility trend remains the largest influence on industry spending, as it drives device manufacturers to continually improve their ability to deliver high-performance, low-power processors and affordable solid-state storage in a small form factor. Applied's global services segment encompasses integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, remanufactured earlier generation equipment, and factory automation software for semiconductor, display, and solar products. Customer demand for products and services is fulfilled through a global distribution system with trained service engineers located in close proximity to customer sites. Industry conditions that affected applied global services' sales of spares and services during fiscal 2015 were principally semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts, as well as utilization rates. Applied's research, development, and engineering expenses reflect ongoing product development initiatives, and the company has maintained its commitment to investing in technical capabilities and critical RD&E programs in current and new markets, with a focus on semiconductor technologies. The evaluation of goodwill and intangible assets for impairment requires the exercise of significant judgment, and management believes that applied's consolidated financial statements are fairly stated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Applied does not allocate to its reportable segments certain operating expenses that it manages separately at the corporate level, including unabsorbed information technology and occupancy costs. The results for each reportable segment reflect the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Applied's ability to borrow under credit facilities is subject to bank approval at the time of the borrowing request, and any advances will be at rates indexed to the banks' prime reference rate. Applied's cash, cash equivalents, and investments increased, reflecting a strong liquidity position that supports ongoing investments in technology and operational capabilities. The company's strategic resource allocation is focused on enhancing its IT capabilities to support business needs and drive competitive advantage in the semiconductor and display industries.