The success of our strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k - "risk factors." Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. The ongoing low interest rate environment may result in increases to our reserves and changes in various rate assumptions we use to amortize deferred acquisition costs and deferred sales inducement costs, which may negatively impact our operating earnings. The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions, and data elements. Our methods for making such estimates and for establishing the resulting liabilities are continually reviewed, and any adjustments are reflected in earnings in the period such adjustments are made. Management uses certain non-GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance on a basis comparable to that used by some securities analysts and investors. These non-GAAP measures are taken into consideration, to varying degrees, for purposes of business planning and analysis and for certain compensation-related matters. The accounting and reporting policies that we use affect our consolidated financial statements. Certain of our accounting and reporting policies are critical to an understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition, and in some cases, the application of these policies can be significantly affected by the estimates, judgments, and assumptions made by management during the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. The fair value of our available-for-sale securities was primarily obtained from third-party pricing sources. We monitor principal deferred acquisition cost amortization assumptions, such as persistency, mortality, morbidity, interest margin, variable annuity benefit utilization, and maintenance expense levels each quarter. Management regularly monitors financial market conditions and actual contractholder and policyholder behavior experience and compares them to its assumptions. The ability to pursue and complete strategic transactions and initiatives, including acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, joint ventures, and the development of new products and services, is crucial. The ability and timing to realize savings and other benefits from re-engineering and tax planning are also significant. Interruptions or other failures in our communications, technology, and other operating systems, including errors or failures caused by third-party service providers, can impact our operations. The impacts of our efforts to improve distribution economics and to grow third-party distribution of our products are essential for maintaining competitive advantage. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. The importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities cannot be overstated. The firm's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions is critical for maintaining operational efficiency and achieving strategic objectives.