The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is dependent upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. We believe that consistent carrier investments in their networks across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the financial performance of our tenants, and their access to capital and general economic conditions. Our legacy site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks while also deploying next-generation wireless technologies. We expect to leverage our extensive international portfolio of approximately 60,190 communications sites and the relationships we have built with our carrier customers to drive sustainable, long-term growth. Our holistic master lease agreements build and augment strong strategic partnerships with our tenants and have significantly reduced collocation cycle times, thereby providing our tenants with the ability to rapidly and efficiently deploy equipment on our sites. The primary factors affecting the revenue growth in our property segments are organic revenue from tenant leases attributable to sites that existed in our portfolio as of the beginning of the prior year period, new revenue attributable to leasing additional space on our legacy sites, and new revenue attributable to sites acquired or constructed since the beginning of the prior year period. We continue to believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate. Our diversified communications site portfolio allows us to adapt to market dynamics and respond to competitive actions effectively. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases, and we have established operations in many markets at the early stages of wireless development, which we believe will enable us to meaningfully participate in these deployments. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We expect that the network technology migration we have seen in the United States will ultimately be replicated in our less advanced international markets, thereby enhancing our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness.