We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our extensible operating system (EOS) has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We expect to continue to invest in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our rapid development of new features and applications. Our ability to expand sales to our existing customers as well as to add new end customers will depend on our ability to sell additional products to our growing base of customers. We believe that the cloud networking market is still in the early stages of adoption, and we intend to target new end customers by continuing to invest in our field sales force and extending our relationships with channel, technology, and system-level partners. Our results of operations will depend on our ability to continue to add new customers and sell more complex and higher-performance configurations of our products. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We plan to continue to invest in our network of channel partners to enable them to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support effectively. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, with the remainder being prototype expenses, third-party engineering and contractor support costs, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs and depreciation. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and also include costs related to marketing and promotional activities, with the remainder being an allocated portion of facility and IT costs and depreciation. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide and expand our relationships with current and future channel partners and end customers. Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, legal and professional fees, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs and depreciation. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, the timing and cost of establishing additional sales and marketing capabilities, and the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings.