We are a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of semiconductor devices with a focus on analog III-V based products and complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices. We differentiate ourselves through our high performance design and integration capabilities and focus on developing products for target markets where we believe we can earn attractive margins. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large OEMs. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our ability to manage inventory and the rate at which our present and future customers and end-users adopt our products and technologies in our target markets are critical to our operational efficiency and market responsiveness. We believe our aggregate sales to Apple, Inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with our sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 20% of our net revenues for fiscal year 2015. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten direct or indirect customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including costs related to supporting computer tools used in the engineering and design process. We expect the dollar amount of research and development expense to increase for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop. We recognize revenue from development arrangements and sales and licensing of our intellectual property when the arrangement is mutually signed, if there is no future delivery or future performance obligation and all other criteria are met. Our critical accounting policies include revenue recognition, business combinations, valuation of long-lived assets, and accounting for income taxes, which require significant management judgment. We account for income taxes in accordance with the accounting guidance on income taxes and recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. Our ability to fund our liquidity requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance and are subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations, combined with current borrowing availability, provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations. Our investments include a 51% equity interest in a joint venture, Silicon Manufacturing Partners Pte Ltd., a manufacturing foundry for integrated circuits, which operates an IC manufacturing facility in Singapore. We have a diversified and well-established base of thousands of end customers, which we serve through our multi-channel sales and fulfillment system. The strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility we maintain are essential for our continued performance and competitive positioning in the semiconductor industry.