We compete in the global payments industry with charge, credit and debit card networks, issuers and acquirers, as well as evolving and growing alternative payment providers. As the payments industry continues to evolve, we face increasing competition from non-traditional players that leverage new technologies and customers' existing accounts and relationships to create payment or other fee-based solutions. Our results were also challenged by several factors, including the economic, regulatory, and competitive environments all becoming even more challenging as the year progressed. We expect to see strong growth in loans held for investment in 2016 and continue to believe there are opportunities to increase our share of lending without significantly changing our overall risk profile. Our capital position allowed us to return over $5 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, representing approximately 105 percent of total capital generated during the year, reflecting our ongoing commitment to using our capital strength to create value for our shareholders. We have launched cost initiatives designed to remove $1 billion from our overall cost base by the end of 2017, which includes total operating expenses plus marketing and promotion costs. Our performance in 2015 reflected both the strength of our business and the headwinds we have been managing throughout the year. The combination of these factors resulted in billings and revenue growth rates that were fairly steady throughout the year. We anticipate that the discount rate will further decline by a greater amount during 2016 due to the continued expansion of optblue, a greater impact from international regulatory changes, and continued competitive pressures. We expect the sale of the hfs loan portfolios to close around mid-year 2016, and that our merchant acceptance agreement will extend through the transaction close. Our funding strategy and activities are integrated into our asset-liability management activities. We seek to maintain access to a diverse set of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet liquidity sources, including cash and other liquid assets, committed bank credit facilities and ABS conduit facilities. Our liquidity risk policy sets out our objectives and approach to managing liquidity risk. We manage liquidity risk by maintaining access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities and contingent sources of liquidity. We have implemented an information security framework and operating model designed to protect information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification or destruction. Our information security risk management committee provides oversight and governance for our information security risk management program. We have developed data-driven economic decision logic for customer interactions to better serve our customers. Our operational risk management process defines operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems. Our enterprise-wide risk management program defines our risk appetite, governance, culture and capabilities. The risk committee reviews our credit risk profile as well as credit risk performance, trends and risk management capabilities. The operational risk management committee coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls and oversees the preventive, responsive and mitigation efforts by lead operational risk officers in the business units and staff groups.