We help people experience the world by providing consumers, travel service providers, and restaurants with leading travel and restaurant reservation and related services. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda.com, and rentalcars.com. We believe this growth is the result of the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to build accommodation supply, content, and distribution and to improve the consumer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We have experienced strong growth in our accommodation reservation services, which we believe is due in part to the availability of a large and growing number of directly bookable properties through booking.com. We believe that continuously including them provides a more consistent and useful property count. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through aggressive marketing and promotional campaigns. Our mobile offerings have received generally strong reviews and are driving a material and increasing share of our business. We believe that mobile bookings present an opportunity for growth and are necessary to maintain and grow our business as consumers increasingly turn to mobile devices instead of a personal computer. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services, outsourced data center costs, and payments to outside consultants. Information technology expense increased during the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, due primarily to growth in our worldwide operations. Additionally, the inclusion of a full year of opentable's results in our 2015 consolidated results compared to only a partial year's results in 2014 contributed to the increase in information technology expenses. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services and further expand into other international markets. We expect that our operating results and other financial metrics will continue to be largely driven by international performance. We have observed an increase in promotional pricing to closed user groups, including through mobile apps. If we are not as effective as our competitors in offering discounted prices to closed user groups or if we are unable to entice members of our competitors' closed user groups to use our services, our ability to grow and compete could be harmed. We have experienced pressure on operating margins as we prioritize initiatives that drive growth. We believe that the opportunity to continue to grow our business exists for the markets in which we operate. Our growth has primarily been generated by our worldwide accommodation reservation service brand, booking.com, which is our most significant brand. We are investing in growth initiatives at opentable, including international expansion, and in building our bookingsuite partner-facing software services platform.