BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. The company's diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and practical discretionary expense management. BlackRock is positioned to provide active and index investment solutions across asset classes and geographies and leverage BlackRock Solutions' world-class risk management, analytics, and advisory capabilities on behalf of clients. The company serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients globally, maintaining differentiated client relationships and a fiduciary focus. BlackRock's retail strategy is focused on an outcome-oriented approach to creating client solutions, including active, index, and alternative products. The company believes institutional results will be driven by strength in specialty areas, including defined contribution, financial institutions, official institutions, foundations, family offices, and endowments; deepening client relationships through effective cross-selling efforts; enhancing BlackRock's solutions-oriented approach; and leveraging BlackRock Solutions' analytical and risk management expertise. The Aladdin operating platform serves as the investment/risk solutions system for BlackRock and other institutional investors. BlackRock builds upon its leadership position to meet the growing need for investment and risk management solutions. Through its scale and diversity of products, it is able to provide its clients with customized solutions including fiduciary outsourcing for liability-driven investments and overlay strategies for pension plan sponsors, balance sheet management, and related services for insurance companies, as well as asset allocation portfolios for retail investors. The company earns fees for transition management services primarily comprised of commissions from acting as a broker-dealer in connection with buying and selling securities on behalf of its customers. BlackRock's investment advisory agreements provide for performance fees based upon relative and/or absolute investment performance, in addition to base fees based on assets under management. The company also earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. BlackRock's management believes that the company will be able to continue to grow assets under management organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products, and optimizing distribution capabilities. The company's technology infrastructure is critical in supporting its operational efficiency and enhancing its ability to respond to market dynamics and client needs. BlackRock's commitment to technology management and innovation is evident in its ongoing investments in digital transformation and IT deployment, which are essential for maintaining competitive advantage and ensuring the reliability and security of information management systems. The company continuously monitors various factors, including market conditions and regulatory changes, to align its technology capabilities with business strategies and operational goals, thereby enhancing organizational effectiveness and performance outcomes.