Our strategy is designed to leverage both the reach and resources of a major pharmaceutical company as well as the entrepreneurial spirit and agility of a biotech firm. We are focused on discovering, developing and delivering innovative medicines that address serious unmet medical needs. We are evolving our commercial model and growing our marketed product portfolio in a manner consistent with our overall strategy. We continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines covering a broad array of cancers and have entered into several collaboration agreements to research and develop opdivo and other approved or investigational oncology agents in combination regimens. Additionally, we are committed to maintaining a diversified portfolio both within and outside of immuno-oncology, and continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation, with business development as a top priority. Our marketing, selling and administrative expenses include salary and benefit costs, third-party professional and marketing fees, outsourcing fees, shipping and handling costs, advertising and product promotion, and other expenses that are not attributed to product manufacturing costs or research and development expenses. These expenses are managed through regional commercialization organizations or global corporate organizations such as finance, legal, information technology, and human resources. We have established a company-wide policy to limit our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with the SEC consent order, which includes the adoption of various procedures to monitor and limit sales to direct customers. Our research and development activities include discovery research, preclinical and clinical development, drug formulation, as well as clinical trials and medical support of marketed products. The allocations include facilities, information technology, employee stock compensation costs, and other appropriate costs. We are developing new medicines in core therapeutic areas including oncology, immuno-oncology, immunoscience, cardiovascular diseases, fibrosis, and genetically defined diseases. Our non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP earnings and related EPS information, are adjusted to exclude specified items that represent certain costs, expenses, gains, and losses impacting the comparability of financial results. We are continuously evaluating our portfolio to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of early-stage and late-stage programs to support future growth. Our late-stage development programs could potentially have an impact on our revenue and earnings within the next few years, although we do not expect all of our late-stage development programs to make it to market. We recognize revenue net of gross-to-net adjustments that are further described in our critical accounting policies. The estimated amount of unpaid or unbilled rebates and discounts is presented as a liability. We rely on a variety of methods to estimate direct customer product level inventory and to calculate months on hand. The complexity in estimating the fair value of intangible assets in connection with an impairment test is similar to the initial valuation. We have established a formal review and certification process of our annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC, ensuring that our budget process gives appropriate weight to inputs that come from the bottom to the top, and not just from the top to the bottom. Our investments in technology infrastructure and capabilities are critical for supporting our business strategies and enhancing operational efficiency.