Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our operating businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are: Geico, General Re, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. A key marketing strategy of our insurance businesses is the maintenance of extraordinary capital strength. This superior capital strength creates opportunities, especially with respect to reinsurance activities, to negotiate and enter into insurance and reinsurance contracts specially designed to meet the unique needs of insurance and reinsurance buyers. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar-denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our management does not evaluate underwriting performance based upon market share and our underwriters are instructed to reject inadequately priced risks. We continue to decline business when we believe prices are inadequate. However, we remain prepared to write substantially more business when more appropriate prices can be attained relative to the risks assumed. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce extraordinary volatility in the periodic underwriting results. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. We define pre-tax catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million from a single event or series of related events as significant. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting of $1.2 billion in 2015, a decline of $530 million from 2014, which reflected rising claim costs at Geico and lower earnings from our reinsurers, partially offset by increased earnings from our other primary insurance operations. We believe that investment and derivative gains/losses are often meaningless in terms of understanding our reported results or evaluating our economic performance. Our periodic underwriting results may be affected significantly by changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years. We utilize processes and techniques that are believed to best suit the underlying claims and available data. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. The comparative decrease in underwriting gains from property business was driven by an increase in the current accident year loss ratio, reflecting a relative increase in reported losses. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar-denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to such balances. Our various insurance and non-insurance businesses continued to generate significant cash flows from operations. We currently expect to issue new term debt in 2016 and use the proceeds to repay the revolving credit loan. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing.