We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement strategy to deliver the technologies necessary for integrated system and SOC design with an end product in mind. Our growing core EDA business is at the heart of our SDE strategy and is complemented by our business in IP, system interconnect and analysis, system level design, and hardware-software development. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. We expect to continue to invest in research and development and customer and partner relationships. Our ability to achieve a consistent revenue mix such that approximately 90% of our revenue is recurring in nature is critical, with recurring revenue including revenue from our software and IP license arrangements recognized over multiple periods. Product and maintenance revenue increased during fiscal 2015 due to increased demand for our software, emulation and prototyping hardware, services, and IP offerings. We expect product and maintenance revenue to increase during fiscal 2016 due to increased demand for our new and existing product offerings. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses, which are influenced by changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, foreign exchange rates, and stock-based compensation. We have initiated various restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy, which may require further restructuring of our operations in the future. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our license agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2015 was primarily due to improved profitability and the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, and purchasing software licenses. Our investments are made in accordance with our cash investment policy, which governs the amounts and types of investments we hold in our portfolio. We maintain a senior unsecured revolving credit facility that provides for borrowings up to $250.0 million, with the right to request increased capacity. The proceeds from the 2024 notes are available for general corporate purposes, which may include the retirement of debt, working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and strategic transactions. Our restructuring plans may not achieve the anticipated benefits on the timetable or at the level contemplated, and demand for our products and services is difficult to predict. We exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether separate contracts should be accounted for individually or as part of a single arrangement, which could affect the timing of revenue recognition. Our judgments about whether a group of contracts is a multiple-element arrangement can affect the timing of revenue recognition under those contracts, which could have an effect on our results of operations for the periods involved. We recognize revenue when we have persuasive evidence of an arrangement with a customer and collectibility of the fee is probable. Our future effective tax rates may be materially impacted by tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings at rates different from the United States federal statutory rate, research credits, and changes in tax law.