We actively invest in our network and operations, and improve the quality and value of the products and packages that we offer. We have enhanced our video product by moving to an all-digital platform, offering more HD channels and increasing digital and HD-DVR penetration. We believe that our enhanced product set combined with improved customer service has led to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes, allowing us to grow our customer base and revenue more quickly and economically. Our business plans include goals for increasing customers and revenue. To reach our goals, we focus on driving penetration of our triple play offering, which includes more than 200 HD channels in most of our markets, video on demand, internet service, and fully-featured voice service. We simplify our offers and pricing, and package our products with the objective of bringing more value to new and existing customers than our competitors. We expect to continue to grow revenues by increasing the number of products in our current customer homes, obtaining new customers with our value offering, and reducing churn. In addition, we expect to increase revenues by expanding the sales of services to our commercial customers. Our most significant competitors are direct broadcast satellite providers and certain telephone companies that offer services that provide features and functions similar to our internet, video, and voice services, including in some cases wireless services, and they also offer these services in bundles similar to ours. Customers have been more willing to consider our competitors' products, partially because of continued marketing highlighting perceived differences between competitive video products, especially when those competitors are often offering significant incentives to switch providers. We have a history of net losses. Our net losses are principally attributable to insufficient revenue to cover the combination of operating expenses, interest expenses that we incur because of our debt, depreciation expenses resulting from the capital investments we have made and continue to make in our cable properties, amortization expenses related to our customer relationship intangibles, and non-cash taxes resulting from increases in our deferred tax liabilities. The cable industry is capital intensive, and a large portion of our resources are spent on capital activities associated with extending, rebuilding, and upgrading our cable network. We anticipate 2016 capital expenditures to be driven by growth in residential and commercial customers along with further spend related to product development and transition-related expenditures. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our anticipated future free cash flow including to reduce our leverage, and to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow, and access to the capital markets to fund our projected operating cash needs. We actively review potential acquisitions against our objectives, including improving operational efficiency, clustering or technology capabilities of our business, and achieving appropriate return targets. We expect programming expenses to continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new sports services.