As part of our response to the food-borne illness incidents, we are implementing enhanced food safety procedures in our supply chain and restaurants that we expect to increase our food costs as a percentage of revenue. We expect that our restaurant operating costs as a percentage of revenue will continue to be significantly impacted due to expected lower average restaurant sales, as well as increased costs to support marketing initiatives. Our total capital expenditures for 2015 were $257.4 million, and we expect to incur capital expenditures of about $260 million in 2016, of which about $200 million relates to our construction of new restaurants before any reductions for landlord reimbursements, and the remainder primarily relates to restaurant reinvestments, information technology and infrastructure initiatives as well as food safety initiatives. We have a cash and short-term investment balance of $663.2 million that we expect to utilize, along with cash flow from operations, to provide capital to support the growth of our business, primarily through opening restaurants, to repurchase additional shares of our common stock subject to market conditions, to maintain our existing restaurants and for general corporate purposes. Our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of various fresh ingredients. We generally have the right to pay for the purchase of food, beverage and supplies some time after the receipt of those items, generally within ten days, thereby reducing the need for incremental working capital to support our growth. In 2015, we spent on average about $805,000 in development and construction costs per restaurant, net of landlord reimbursements of approximately $77,000. We have entered into various purchase obligations in the ordinary course of business. Those that are binding primarily relate to amounts owed for orders related to produce and other ingredients and supplies, construction contractor and subcontractor agreements, orders submitted for equipment for restaurants under construction, and marketing initiatives and corporate sponsorships. Our leases generally require us to pay a proportionate share of real estate taxes, insurance, common charges and other operating costs. Our primary liquidity and capital requirements are for new restaurant construction, working capital and general corporate needs. We have a long-term investments balance of $622.9 million, which consists of U.S. treasury notes with maturities of 13 months to approximately 2 years. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. We expect general and administrative expenses in dollar terms for 2016 to increase due, in part, to additional stock-based compensation expense, payroll costs as we grow, and costs associated with our 2016 all managers' conference scheduled for the third quarter of 2016. We have achieved our goal of eliminating genetically modified organisms from the ingredients in our food in U.S. Chipotle restaurants, as well as Shophouse Southeast Asian Kitchen. Our estimates of Chipotle's future performance and the future performance of the restaurant industry peer group are assumptions. If we had arrived at different assumptions for revenue growth, net income, or total shareholder return for Chipotle or the peer group, our stock-based compensation expense and results of operations could have been different. We record a liability that represents our estimated cost of claims incurred and unpaid as of the balance sheet date. Our estimated liability is not discounted and is based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical trends, actuarial assumptions and economic conditions, and is closely monitored and adjusted when warranted by changing circumstances.