We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. We expect demand in India to improve in some end-markets as its economy continues to improve. We may close or restructure additional manufacturing facilities as we evaluate the appropriate size and structure of our manufacturing capacity. Weak economic conditions in Brazil will continue to negatively impact demand across our businesses. We generated $2.1 billion of operating cash flows in 2015, compared to $2.3 billion in 2014. Our reportable operating segments consist of the engine, distribution, components and power generation segments, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. We use EBIT as the primary basis for the chief operating decision-maker to evaluate the performance of each of our operating segments. The distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to improved distribution segment sales from the consolidation of partially-owned North American distributors since December 31, 2013, and lower material and commodity costs. We expect to spend an additional $85 million to $110 million on North American distributor acquisitions and the related debt retirements in 2016. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong, with a solid balance sheet and credit ratings enabling us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We continue to generate cash from operations in the U.S. and maintain access to $1.7 billion of our revolving credit facility. Our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. We expect our 2016 effective tax rate to be 28.5 percent, excluding any discrete items that may arise. We evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. We remain committed to servicing existing contracts and are not exiting this product line. We expect to complete the substantial majority of our workforce restructuring program by April of 2016. The employee reductions occurred across all parts of the company, and we will continue to evaluate our manufacturing facilities and make adjustments as necessary to align with changing demand and drive efficiencies in our business.