Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. In 2015, we experienced an increase in non-interest expense driven by higher operating and marketing expenses associated with loan growth and continued technology and infrastructure investments. Our strategies and actions are designed to deliver and sustain strong returns and capital generation through the acquisition and retention of franchise-enhancing customer relationships across our businesses. We intend to grow these customer relationships by continuing to invest in scalable infrastructure and operating platforms, enabling us to meet heightened risk management expectations and deliver a "brand-defining" customer experience. We believe that franchise-enhancing customer relationships create and sustain significant long-term value through long and loyal customer relationships and a gradual build in loan balances and revenues over time. The increase in net income from discontinued operations in 2015 was primarily driven by a reduction in our mortgage representation and warranty reserve resulting from favorable industry legal developments. We recorded a provision for credit losses of $4.5 billion in 2015, driven by a larger allowance build in our domestic credit card loan portfolio due to continued loan growth coupled with our expectations for rising charge-off rates, as well as higher charge-offs as new loan balances season. Our provision for credit losses increased by $995 million in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to a larger allowance build in our domestic credit card loan portfolio and a larger build in both the allowance and reserve for unfunded lending commitments resulting from adverse market conditions impacting our oil and gas portfolio and taxi medallion lending portfolio. We expect loan growth to drive allowance additions going forward. Our capital management framework is influenced by our consolidated regulatory capital requirements and internal risk-based capital assessments, including stress testing and economic capital. We have established a governance framework and a number of key controls intended to ensure that our fair value measurements are appropriate and reliable. Our risk management framework includes a structured approach to managing operational, credit, liquidity, market, and reputation risks. We recognize that operational risk is critical to managing day-to-day activities and that there are heightened expectations from regulators and customers. We have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes, and tools to enable the delivery of high-quality and consistent customer experiences. Our credit risk management policies establish standards in customer selection, underwriting, monitoring, remediation, and portfolio management. We continuously monitor economic conditions and loan performance trends to assess and manage our exposure to credit risk. Our liquidity risk management practices are intended to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to withstand potential impacts of deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in funding markets. We maintain access to diversified funding sources to avoid over-dependence on volatile, less reliable funding markets. Our market risk management strategies include the use of derivatives to manage interest rate and foreign exchange risk, with ongoing evaluation and enhancement of our assumptions, models, and analytical tools to reflect the market environment and expected behavior patterns of our existing assets and liabilities.