The increase in distribution, selling and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher expenses related to payroll, delivery, and information technology. Significant capital expenditures included technology initiatives, including costs related to the further development of our primary enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and expansion of support facilities. We currently expect to spend approximately $400 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2016, with several larger capital expenditures including information system investments to support a data center consolidation and a new operating system for one of our business units. We have outsourced to IBM Global Services a significant portion of our corporate and ABDC information technology activities. Our liability for uncertain tax positions was $52.8 million, which represents an estimate of tax positions that may ultimately not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and income taxes was primarily driven by the increase in merchandise inventories and the timing of payments to our suppliers. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based on fluctuations in our period-end working capital. We utilize days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance. The increase in days payable outstanding from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 has benefited from the increase in purchases of generic pharmaceuticals, which have longer payment terms than brand-name pharmaceuticals. We expect our revenue in fiscal 2016 to increase in the range of 8% and 10%, with future revenue growth continuing to be affected by various factors such as industry growth trends, including the introduction of new innovative brand therapies, the likely increase in the number of generic drugs available, general economic conditions, competition within the industry, customer consolidation, and changes in pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing and distribution policies. Our operating results have generated cash flow, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, has provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, and payment of interest on outstanding debt. We have a $1.4 billion multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to expire in August 2019, and we entered into an amendment with the syndicate of lenders to extend the maturity date to November 2020. We have available to us an accordion feature whereby the commitment on the receivables securitization facility may be increased by up to $250 million, subject to lender approval, for seasonal needs during the December and March quarters. We have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during these quarters that may require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to higher brand and generic sales volume largely attributable to WBA, and gross profit also increased due to the growth of our specialty distribution businesses and an increase in income resulting from our participation in our global sourcing arrangement. The increase in gross profit margin was primarily due to the increase in ABDC and ABSG sales volume and incremental income from our participation in our global sourcing arrangement.