We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. The increase in service revenues for fiscal 2015 of $27.0 million, or 2.8% as compared to fiscal 2014 came from growth in North America driven primarily by increased volume, partially offset by a decrease in revenue per car due to lower average auction selling prices. The growth in North America was driven primarily by increased volume from existing suppliers as we believe there may have been an increase in the overall growth in the salvage market driven by increased salvage frequency. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. The increase in yard operations expense for fiscal 2015 of $5.9 million, or 1.1% as compared to fiscal 2014 primarily came from growth in volume in North America, the U.K., and in our other international markets, partially offset by a decrease in the cost to process each car in North America, primarily driven by operational efficiencies and the integration of the salvage parent, inc. acquisition. Included in our yard operations expenses for fiscal 2014 were severance and lease termination costs of $4.0 million, primarily associated with the integration of the salvage parent, inc. acquisition. During fiscal 2014, we terminated a contract with KPIT (formerly known as Sparta Consulting, Inc.), whereby KPIT was engaged to design and implement an SAP-based replacement for our existing business operating software that, among other things, would address our international expansion needs. Following a review of KPIT's work performed and an assessment of the cost to complete, deployment risk, and other factors, we ceased development of KPIT's software and are now pursuing an internally developed proprietary solution in its place. As a result, we recognized a charge of $29.1 million resulting primarily from the impairment of costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of the software. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. The capitalized costs were $8.8 million, $16.5 million, and $19.3 million for fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. If, at any time it is determined that capitalized software provides a reduced economic benefit, the unamortized portion of the capitalized development costs will be impaired. The increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2014 of $26.6 million, or 19.3% as compared to fiscal 2013 increased primarily from our international expansion during the prior fiscal year into Germany, Spain, the U.K., and Brazil driven primarily by increased expenditures on technology development. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, if we experience significant growth in the future, we may be required to raise additional cash through the issuance of new debt or additional equity.