Cisco designs and sells broad lines of products, provides services, and delivers integrated solutions to develop and connect networks around the world, building the internet. Over time, we have expanded to new markets that are a natural extension of our core networking business, as the network has become the platform for automating, orchestrating, integrating, and delivering an ever-increasing array of information technology (IT)-based products and services. We see our customers, in every industry, increasingly using technology—and, specifically, the network—to grow their business, drive efficiencies, and try to gain a competitive advantage. In this increasingly digital world, data is the most strategic asset and is increasingly distributed across every organization and ecosystem—on customer premises, at the edge of the network, and in the cloud. The network also plays an increasingly important role enabling our customers to aggregate, automate, and draw insights from this highly distributed data where there is a premium on security and speed. This is driving them to adopt entirely new IT architectures and organizational structures. We understand how technology can deliver the outcomes our customers want to achieve, and our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions including pervasive, industry-leading security that intelligently connect nearly everything that can be connected. To deliver on our strategy, we are focused on providing highly secure, automated, and intelligent solutions built on infrastructure that connects data that is highly distributed. Together with our ecosystem of partners and developers, we aim to provide the technology, services, and solutions that we believe will enable our customers to gain insight and advantage from this distributed data with scale, security, and agility. Our investment in research and development is aimed at bringing a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses or may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. Our overall cost savings from restructuring actions are expected to be reinvested in key growth areas of our business such as data center, software, security, and cloud. We continue to focus on managing our manufacturing lead-time performance, which may result in corresponding reductions in order backlog. A decline in backlog levels could result in more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter revenue and operating results. Our products are generally covered by a warranty for periods ranging from 90 days to five years, and for some products, we provide a limited lifetime warranty. We accrue for warranty costs as part of our cost of sales based on associated material costs, technical support labor costs, and associated overhead. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We believe our inventory and purchase commitments levels are in line with our current demand forecasts. Inventory and supply chain management remain areas of focus as we balance the need to maintain supply chain flexibility to help ensure competitive lead times with the risk of inventory obsolescence, particularly in light of current macroeconomic uncertainties and conditions and the resulting potential for changes in future demand forecast. We expect to continue to expand the use of our financing programs in the near term, which facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners.