CSX is focused on meeting or exceeding customers' expectations while improving profitability, which is achieved through a relentless focus on using advanced network modeling analytics and tools to create a disciplined, scheduled approach to designing and running its network. The company continues to identify the most efficient, cost-effective routes for customers' traffic while providing timely service with the fewest handlings and car miles possible. Through the service excellence initiative, CSX is building a culture that engages all employees and focuses on the value delivered to customers through improved service. This initiative increases employee communication and dialogue to help identify and resolve customer issues at the lowest level, improving the customer experience and allowing CSX to grow the business. Higher levels of customer service and satisfaction support CSX's ability to profitably grow the business by increasing customer retention, price sustainability, and asset utilization. Total service integration ("TSI") is intended to align operating capabilities with customers' needs, resulting in an efficient and effective service product. TSI has been implemented in the unit train network, where it successfully increased the average number of cars per train and improved asset utilization. New tools and technology have allowed the company to more effectively communicate with customers, providing the service promised and proactively notifying them of service status. Enterprise asset management ("EAM") focuses on improving the utilization of the company's most critical assets, namely, crews, locomotives, cars, and track infrastructure. Projects are currently in place to deploy technology, improve processes, and reduce unproductive time. By improving asset utilization, CSX expects to sustain long-term operating efficiencies and reduce future capital expenditures associated with asset replacement. The company continues to invest in its business to create long-term value for shareholders, with significant capital investments aimed at enhancing the capacity, quality, safety, and flexibility of its network. CSX's capital expenditures are expected to include investments in technology that support long-term profitable growth, productivity initiatives, and service improvements. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and positioning itself for long-term growth through expanding network and terminal capacity. The implementation of positive train control (PTC) represents a significant investment in technology, with an estimated total multi-year cost of approximately $2.2 billion. This includes costs for installing the new system along tracks, upgrading locomotives, adding communication equipment, and developing new technologies. CSX is also exploring opportunities to partner with the public sector to maximize the benefits of freight rail, which includes investments in multi-year rail infrastructure projects that create substantial environmental and efficiency advantages. The company recognizes that operational success is built on employee commitment to maintaining a constant focus on safety, supported by continuous improvement in safety measures through training, innovation, and investment in technology. The company's strategic management practices emphasize the importance of leveraging IT capabilities to enhance operational efficiency, improve service levels, and align with customer needs, thereby capitalizing on strategic opportunities in the market.