The growth of our existing direct banking products remains a priority. We are pursuing new card accounts and wallet share gains with existing customers through investments in marketing and rewards as well as new features. We continue to leverage our proprietary network to support our card-issuing business. In third-party payments, we expect intense competition in the payments industry to persist. This environment will likely continue to impact the revenue margins, transaction volume, and business strategies. The Dodd-Frank Act regulates large systemically significant financial firms, including Discover, through a variety of measures, including increased capital and liquidity requirements, limits on leverage, and enhanced supervisory authority. We expect regulators to continue taking formal enforcement actions against financial institutions in addition to addressing concerns through non-public supervisory actions or findings. Compliance expenditures have increased significantly for Discover and other financial services firms, and we expect them to continue to increase as regulators remain focused on controls and operational processes. The changing debit card environment, including competitor actions related to merchant and acquirer pricing and transaction routing strategies, has adversely affected and is expected to continue to adversely affect our Pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue, and prospects for future growth. We continue to closely monitor competitor pricing strategies in order to assess their impact on our business and on competition in the marketplace. Increasing cybersecurity threats and incidents regarding unauthorized access to consumer information have resulted in a continued focus by Congress and state legislators on legislation to address data security. The Cybersecurity Act establishes a framework to facilitate and encourage confidential sharing of cybersecurity information among private sector and federal government entities and provides liability shields for cybersecurity information sharing under the act. The Dodd-Frank Act contains several provisions impacting the debit card market, including network participation requirements and interchange fee limitations. We continue to seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth, and satisfy debt obligations under both normal and stress conditions. Our primary sources of capital are from the earnings generated by our businesses and common and preferred stock issuances in the capital markets. We seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support the risks of our businesses, meet regulatory requirements, meet rating agency targets and debt investor expectations, and support future business growth. The level, composition, and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives, and legislative and regulatory developments. We are subject to the federal reserve's final rule implementing certain enhanced prudential standards under the Dodd-Frank Act for large U.S. bank holding companies, including enhanced liquidity and risk management requirements. We maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy which outlines the overall framework and general principles for managing liquidity risk across our businesses. Our liquidity management practices position us well to comply with this new standard. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. We developed early warning indicators to detect initial phases of liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. The ewis include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures, and are monitored on a daily basis and reported to the ALCO regularly.