During 2015, the company faced rapid technological development, particularly with respect to computing, mobile connectivity, communications, and digitization in most of its served markets. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources, particularly in high-growth markets, to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. The company operates in a highly competitive business environment, and its long-term growth and profitability will depend on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and market segments, identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, and develop innovative and differentiated new products, services, and software. The acquisition of Pall is expected to provide additional sales and earnings growth opportunities by expanding geographic and product line diversity, including new product and service offerings in the area of filtration, separation, and purification technologies. The company expects to realize significant cost synergies through the application of the Danaher Business System and the combined purchasing power of the company and Pall. The company's test and measurement segment offers essential products, software, and services used to create actionable intelligence by measuring and monitoring a wide range of physical parameters in industrial applications. The company also sells services and products that help developers and engineers convert concepts into finished products. The company's environmental segment products and services help protect the global water supply, facilitate environmental stewardship, enhance the safety of personal data, and improve business efficiencies. The company's water quality business provides instrumentation and disinfection systems to help analyze, treat, and manage the quality of ultra-pure, potable, waste, ground, and ocean water. The company's retail/commercial petroleum business is a leading worldwide provider of solutions and services focused on fuel dispensing, remote fuel management, point-of-sale and payment systems, and environmental compliance. The company has made investments in its information technology systems to support new product development and improve operational capabilities. The company's investments in sales growth initiatives and other business-specific factors contributed to year-over-year sales growth. The company also expects sales from existing businesses to continue to grow on a year-over-year basis, although it remains cautious about challenges due to macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties. The company’s ability to effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated environment is critical to its operational flexibility and market responsiveness. The company is focused on leveraging its IT capabilities to enhance business strategies and work processes, ensuring that it can provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. The integration of Pall is anticipated to enhance the company's operational capabilities and drive performance improvements through better resource allocation and management. The company's strategic resource allocation and investments in technology infrastructure are essential for maintaining competitive advantage and achieving operational efficiency.