Selling, general, administrative and other costs were comparable to the prior year as higher labor costs driven by the ABC television network, ESPN and corporate and higher information technology costs at domestic parks and resorts were offset by lower marketing costs and the impact from foreign currency translation due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against major currencies. The increase in operating labor was primarily due to inflation, higher employee benefit costs and increased labor hours, with higher information technology expense and operations support costs contributing to the infrastructure cost increases. The increase in infrastructure costs was driven by higher information technology expense and operations support costs, partially offset by costs incurred in the prior year in connection with the launch of MyMagic+. The company believes that information about aggregate segment operating income assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from factors other than business operations that affect net income. The company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, and management uses aggregate segment operating income as a measure of the overall performance of the operating businesses. The company recorded charges of $62 million related to media networks for fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013, which were reported in "restructuring and impairment charges" in the consolidated statements of income. The charges in fiscal 2015 were due to a contract termination and severance. The company recorded a $100 million loss related to cable networks in fiscal 2014 resulting from the foreign currency translation of net monetary assets denominated in Venezuelan currency, which was reported in "other expense, net" in the consolidated statements of income. The company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. The company is contractually committed to acquire broadcast programming and make certain minimum lease payments for the use of property under operating lease agreements. The company currently expects its fiscal 2016 capital expenditures will be approximately $0.8 billion higher than fiscal 2015 capital expenditures due to increased investment at our domestic parks and resorts. The company has a foreign exchange risk management program that is intended to reduce earnings fluctuations associated with foreign currency exchange rate changes. The company is in the process of restructuring its investment in a way that we believe will comply with these regulations. The company has exposure for certain tax and legal matters. The company evaluates its allowance for doubtful accounts and estimates collectability of accounts receivable based on its analysis of historical bad debt experience in conjunction with its assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which it does business. The company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. The company compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount to determine if there is potential goodwill impairment. The company has cost and equity investments, and the fair value of these investments is dependent on the performance of the investee companies as well as volatility inherent in the external markets for these investments. The company tested its goodwill and other intangible assets, investments, and long-lived assets for impairment and recorded non-cash impairment charges in fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013. The company recognizes revenues from advance theme park ticket sales when the tickets are used. The company recognizes revenues from expiring multi-use tickets ratably over the estimated usage period. The estimated usage periods are derived from historical usage patterns.