Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders, and return on invested capital. We expect to achieve our objectives by focusing on our core business of investing in and developing technology-related real estate. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development and acquisition of new properties. We target high quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of corporate enterprise data center and technology industry tenants. Our focus solely on technology-related real estate is based on the belief that the growth in corporate data center adoption and the technology-related real estate industry will continue to be superior to that of the overall economy. Our properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, extensive in-building communications cabling, and high-level security systems. The demand for data center space is influenced by our ability to maintain or improve occupancy rates and lease currently available space. We have invested in building out additional inventory primarily in what we anticipate will be our active major metropolitan areas. Our development activities make us susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and adverse developments in the corporate data center, internet, and data communications industries. Changes in industry practice or technology could reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or render tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete. The telx acquisition is expected to provide strategic and financial benefits, including a leading colocation and interconnection platform and enhanced growth potential in attractive locations. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our expertise in data center construction and operations enables us to lease space to tenants at a premium over other uses. We may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated returns. Our lease terms are generally longer than standard commercial leases, reflecting the capital-intensive and long-term nature of the operations being supported. Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. We expect to incur significant tenant improvement costs to build out and develop turn-key flex® space, which is move-in-ready space for the placement of computer and network equipment required to provide a data center environment. We currently expect to incur approximately $750.0 million to $900.0 million of capital expenditures for our development programs during the year ending December 31, 2016, although this amount may increase or decrease based on numerous factors, including changes in demand, leasing results, and availability of debt or equity capital. Our management evaluates estimates related to our financial condition and results of operations based on information currently available and various assumptions, which have a direct impact on our net income and overall performance.