Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Global enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix's leading insight and data centers in 33 markets around the world for the safekeeping of their critical IT equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today's information-driven economy. Our data centers in 33 markets around the world are a global platform, which allows our customers to increase information and application delivery performance while significantly reducing costs. This global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective colocation, interconnection, and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. The data center market landscape has evolved to include cloud computing/utility providers, application hosting providers, systems integrators, managed infrastructure hosting providers, and colocation providers. We are able to offer our customers a global platform that reaches 21 countries with proven operational reliability, improved application performance, and network choice, and a highly scalable set of offerings. Our utilization rate represents the percentage of our cabinet space billing versus net sellable cabinet space available, taking into account power limitations. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. Power and cooling requirements for most customers are growing on a per-unit basis. As a result, customers are consuming an increasing amount of power per cabinet. Although we generally do not control the amount of power our customers draw from installed circuits, we have negotiated power consumption limitations with certain high power-demand customers. This increased power consumption has driven us to build out our new IBX data centers to support power and cooling needs twice that of previous IBX data centers. We could face power limitations in our IBX data centers, even though we may have additional physical cabinet capacity available within a specific IBX data center. This could have a negative impact on the available utilization capacity of a given IBX data center, which could have a negative impact on our ability to grow revenues, affecting our financial performance, operating results, and cash flows. Strategically, we will continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings. Our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, such as demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, capacity availability in the current market location, amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property, lead-time to break even on a free cash flow basis, and in-place customers. We expect our cost of revenues, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses to decline as a percentage of revenues over time, although we expect each of them to grow in absolute dollars in connection with our growth. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. We consider these offerings recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract, which is generally one to three years in length. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years.