The following discussion contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs, and expected performance. Our activities are primarily directed at the clearfork, spraberry, wolfcamp, cline, strawn, and atoka formations. We intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations. We believe the acreage is prospective for horizontal drilling in the lower spraberry, wolfcamp a, and wolfcamp b horizons, and have identified an aggregate of approximately 232 net potential horizontal drilling locations in these horizons based on 660-foot spacing between wells. We also believe that additional development potential may exist in the middle spraberry horizon. We will continue monitoring the commodity price environment and expect to retain the financial flexibility to adjust our drilling and completion plans in response to market conditions. We expect a 2016 total capital spend of $250.0 million to $375.0 million, consisting of $210.0 million to $315.0 million for horizontal drilling and completions, $25.0 million to $35.0 million for infrastructure, and $15.0 million to $25.0 million for non-operated activity and other expenditures. We are prepared to decelerate our drilling program if commodity prices deteriorate and accelerate our drilling program if commodity prices improve. Our cash flows are sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce. Prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions. We regularly consider which capital resources, including equity and debt financings, are available to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities, and liquidity requirements. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. We monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to success or lack of success in drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, drilling and acquisition costs, industry conditions, the timing of regulatory approvals, and the availability of rigs. If we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and/or equity securities, or other means. We cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our drilling programs, which could result in a loss of acreage through lease expirations. Our revenues may vary significantly from period to period as a result of changes in volumes of production sold, production mix, or commodity prices. Our production consists primarily of oil, and our revenues are more sensitive to fluctuations in oil prices than they are to fluctuations in natural gas liquids or natural gas prices. We utilize commodity derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the price of crude oil. We recognize all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship. We have not designated our derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes. The credit agreement contains various affirmative, negative, and financial maintenance covenants. These covenants limit additional indebtedness, additional liens, sales of assets, mergers and consolidations, dividends and distributions, transactions with affiliates, and entering into certain swap agreements and require the maintenance of financial ratios. The lenders may accelerate all of the indebtedness under our revolving credit facility upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default.