Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the U.S. The preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. The areas requiring the use of management's estimates are also discussed in note 1 under the subheading "use of estimates." The determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the ultimate geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades, and recovery rates. Our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. A majority of these estimates are reviewed annually and verified by independent experts in mining, geology, and reserve determination. We perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. If it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective depreciation rates. We review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, and changes to our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves could have an impact on our assessment of asset recoverability. Our exploration activities are generally near our existing mines with a focus on opportunities to expand reserves and resources to support the development of additional future production capacity in the large mineral districts where we currently operate. The drilling data in North America also indicates the potential for significantly expanded sulfide production. Exploration results continue to indicate opportunities for what we believe could be significant future potential reserve additions in North and South America. Our revised operating plans for the North America copper mines incorporate reductions in mining rates to reduce operating and capital costs, including the suspension of mining operations at the Miami mine, the suspension of production at the Sierrita mine, and adjustments to mining rates at other North America mines. The revised plans at each of the operations incorporate the impacts of lower energy, acid, and other consumables, reduced labor costs, and a significant reduction in capital spending plans. These plans will continue to be reviewed, and additional adjustments may be made as market conditions warrant. Our business strategy is focused on our position as a leading global copper producer. We will continue to manage our production activities, spending on capital projects and operations, and the administration of our business to enhance cash flows, and intend to complete significant asset sale transactions to reduce debt. Our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. Some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. We and our subsidiaries are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of our contracts or laws. The final taxes paid may be dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities. Our operations are subject to various national, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. Environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized, depending upon their future economic benefits. We perform a comprehensive annual review of our environmental obligations and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. Our cost estimates can change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of site contamination, updated cost assumptions, changes in the anticipated scope and timing of remediation activities, and actions by or against governmental agencies or private parties.