During fiscal 2015, we continued to invest in our growth initiatives that expand our addressable markets, including the acquisition of relevant technologies and products that strengthen our portfolio and competitive position. Our full suite of applications available through the FICO® Analytic Cloud provides product offerings in our applications and tools segments to provide growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the affordability and simplicity of cloud-based solutions. We leveraged the financial crime and compliance technology to integrate with our existing fraud detection and analytics to provide broader, more responsive fraud solutions for our customers. This fiscal year, we incurred severance charges to reallocate expenses from building out products to our distribution and go-to-market for both the applications and tools segments, which includes significant sales training and increasing sales resources to reach new market segments. Our acquisition of Tonbeller addresses the rapidly growing demand for integrated, enterprise-class financial crime and compliance solutions. We derive a significant portion of revenue from transactional or unit-based software license fees, transactional fees derived under scoring, network service, or internal hosted software arrangements, annual software maintenance fees, and annual license fees under long-term software license arrangements. Revenue fluctuations in our business are primarily driven by changes in the transactional volume and license fees. We expect that research and development expenditures as a percentage of revenues will be consistent with or slightly lower than those incurred during fiscal 2015, driven by our continued investment in the areas of cloud computing and SaaS. The increase in allocated facilities and infrastructure costs was primarily due to increased resource requirements as a result of our recent acquisitions. We evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. In the event additional needs for cash arise, or if we refinance our existing debt, we may raise additional funds from a combination of sources, including the potential issuance of debt or equity securities. Our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited if adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms. The increase in customer communication services was primarily attributable to an increase in transactional revenues as a result of our growth in the mobile communication market. The increase in business-to-consumer services was primarily attributable to revenue generated from the agreement with Experian that launched in December 2014 and made FICO® Score available to consumers on Experian.com. We have continued to make acquisitions that deliver solutions to the financial services industry and adjacent vertical industries. The increase in fraud solutions was primarily attributable to a large multi-year license transaction during fiscal 2015, as well as an increase in transactional revenues driven by increased volumes. Our strong portfolio of products now in place allows us to shift some of our resources to distribution of our expanded market. The margin was positively impacted by an increase in our higher-margin revenues generated from the Experian agreement. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.