The information technology (IT) services revenue decreased in 2015 due to lower volume on several programs, including our commercial wireless work. These decreases were offset partially by revenue from the late 2014 acquisition of a provider of IT support to U.S. special operations forces. The group's operating margin increased 150 basis points in 2015, driven primarily by improved program performance and rightsizing across the group, including the favorable impact from the early 2015 consolidation of two of our businesses to form General Dynamics Mission Systems. Revenue decreased slightly in our Command, Control, Communication, Computing (C4), Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) solutions business due in part to lower volume on the handheld, manpack, and small form fit (HMS) radio program. Despite the revenue decline, the group's operating margin increased 90 basis points in 2014, the result of solid operating performance and ongoing cost-reduction efforts across our businesses. The information systems and technology group's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and is reconstituted each year with new programs and task order awards. The group's total backlog was $8.6 billion at the end of 2015, unchanged from year-end 2014. This amount does not include $14.7 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts and unexercised options. In 2015, funding under IDIQ contracts and options contributed over $4 billion to the group's orders. The information systems and technology group's revenue was down across the board in 2014, primarily as a result of lower U.S. Army spending on several programs. Revenue decreased in 2014 in our IT services business due to lower volume on multiple programs, including our commercial wireless work, offset partially by increased contact-center services work under our contract with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and our proven track record of successful contract execution. We continue to pursue international opportunities presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations and through exports from our North American businesses. The information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The emphasis on effective program execution, anticipating trends, and reacting to changing circumstances in our business environment is critical for driving cost-reduction activities across our business. We expect 2016 revenue in the information systems and technology group to be consistent with 2015, with operating margins expected to approach double digits. The increase in U.S. Navy ship construction revenue in 2015 is due to higher volume on the Virginia-class submarine program, while revenue from U.S. Navy ship engineering, repair, and other services increased. The group's backlog on December 31, 2015, included significant contracts for various military vehicle production and support, reflecting ongoing demand for our IT capabilities and services in the defense sector.