Management uses these non-GAAP measures in its financial and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes as they provide additional transparency of our core operations. Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve 9% to 10% margins on an EBIT-adjusted basis by early next decade: lead in technology and innovation, including OnStar 4G LTE and connected car, alternative propulsion, urban mobility including ride and car sharing, active safety features and autonomous vehicles. We continue to implement various strategic actions to strengthen our operations and increase our competitiveness. The success of these actions will depend on a combination of our ability to execute and external factors which are outside of our control. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet. These actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions, investments with joint venture partners, and strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1A. risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. The ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. We believe that our current level of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and availability under our revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. We expect to have substantial cash requirements going forward which we plan to fund through total available liquidity and cash flows generated from operations. Our known future material uses of cash include capital expenditures as well as payments for engineering and product development activities. We continue to execute our plans and within the financial impact that we projected. We operate in the Chinese market through a number of joint ventures and maintaining good relations with our joint venture partners, which are affiliated with the Chinese government, is an important part of our China growth strategy. We view the Chinese market as important to our global growth strategy and are employing a multi-brand strategy, led by our Buick and Chevrolet brands. In the year ended December 31, 2015, our automotive China JVs generated equity income of $2.1 billion and sustained strong margins, despite higher than anticipated pricing pressures. This was largely attributed to proactive management of challenges by optimizing vehicle mix and inventory levels and aggressively reducing costs. We continue to expect an increase in vehicle sales driven by new launches and expect to sustain strong China equity income and margins by focusing on vehicle mix improvement and cost efficiency. We anticipate these headwinds will be offset by continued industry recovery, the full benefits of our recent launches, and material cost optimization. We continue to refresh our product portfolio and are addressing many of the challenges in these markets while continuing to strategically assess the manner in which we operate in certain countries. We continue to monitor economic conditions in South America and believe that adverse economic conditions and their effects on the automotive industry will continue in the near term. We will continue to monitor developments in Venezuela to assess whether market restrictions and exchange rate controls evolve such that we no longer maintain a controlling financial interest.