Grainger plans to continue to execute changes in the U.S. and Canada in 2016 while continuing to make investments in its supply chain, ecommerce capabilities, information systems, sales force productivity tools, and inventory management services. These investments will support the company's revenue growth objectives, including continuing to grow its share of business with large, complex customers and further leveraging its ecommerce capabilities to serve smaller customers. Grainger's operating expenses included an incremental $132 million in growth-related spending on ecommerce, new sales representatives, supply chain, and inventory management solutions. In 2015, ecommerce sales for Grainger were $4,133 million, an increase of 16% over the prior year, driven primarily by an increase in sales via EDI and electronic purchasing platforms in the United States. Grainger's capital expenditures included investments in the North America distribution center network and the completion of the common ERP platform for North America, as well as significant investments in technology infrastructure, ecommerce platforms, and inventory management solutions. Grainger expects to fund 2016 capital spending primarily from operating cash, with projected spending including continued investments in supply chain, ecommerce, and sales initiatives. The company recognizes that its ability to operate, integrate, and leverage acquired businesses is crucial for maintaining competitive advantage and achieving operational efficiency. The ongoing investments in information technology and systems are aimed at enhancing Grainger's capabilities to respond to market dynamics and customer needs effectively. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. Grainger's strategic resource allocation includes a focus on technology deployment and operational flexibility to support business transformation and improve firm performance. The company acknowledges that the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential for meeting changing business needs and directions. Grainger's management believes that these IT capabilities are key to transforming the firm into a competitive force in the market, enabling it to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources effectively in combination with other resources and capabilities. The firm is committed to enhancing its IT governance and management practices to ensure that its technology resources are aligned with business strategies and operational goals.