As a manager of hotels and timeshare resorts, we typically are responsible for supervising or operating the property in exchange for management fees. This segment generates its revenue from management and franchise fees charged to hotel owners, including our owned and leased hotels, and to homeowners' associations at timeshare properties. Additionally, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing, and information technology services. Our relationships with third-party owners and franchisees also generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees, and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. Our management and franchise segment revenues increased as a result of the increase in revpar at our comparable managed and franchised properties, which was driven by increases in both occupancy and average daily rate. The increase in management fees and franchise fees was also a result of the addition of new managed and franchised properties to our portfolio. We expect the fees received from such hotels to increase as they are part of our system for full reporting periods. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the fixed costs inherent in our business. We have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we feel are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions without jeopardizing the overall customer experience or the value of our hotels or brands. Our overall supply of timeshare intervals was approximately 134,000 intervals, or over six years at current sales pace. We have entered into agreements to sell timeshare units developed by third parties, and we expect the sales of timeshare intervals developed by third parties and resort operations to comprise a growing percentage of our timeshare revenue. Our capital expenditures for property and equipment primarily included expenditures related to the renovation of existing owned and leased properties and our corporate facilities. Our software capitalization costs related to various systems initiatives for the benefit of our hotel owners and our overall corporate operations. We evaluate our investments in affiliates for impairment when there are indicators that the fair value of our investment may be less than our carrying value. If we determine that the expected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the net book value of the assets, the excess of the net book value over the estimated fair value is recorded in our consolidated statements of operations as impairment losses. Our management team uses ebitda and adjusted ebitda to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions. We consider ebitda to be a useful measure of operating performance, due to the significance of our long-lived assets and level of indebtedness. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily a result of severance costs related to the sale of the Waldorf Astoria New York. We capitalize costs associated with certain software development projects, and as those projects are completed and placed into service, amortization expense will increase. The increase in depreciation expense resulted from assets acquired or placed into service from our owned and leased hotels, net of the effect of asset disposals. Our relationships with these third parties also generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth.