In 2015, Honeywell successfully navigated a challenging macro-economic climate by combining strategic growth in its diverse portfolio and cost discipline with a marked acceleration of its capital deployment strategy. The Honeywell Operating System (HOS) Gold and Honeywell User Experience (HUE) initiatives intensified throughout the company, driving productivity through sustainable improvements to its factories, footprints, and supply chain. The company’s focus on enhancing shareowner value resulted in segment margin expansion without sacrificing investments intended to ensure future growth, including maintaining R&D spending at 5% of sales and new product introductions aligned with global macroeconomic trends. Honeywell’s capital deployment strategy included over $10 billion in capital, with more than $5 billion allocated to mergers and acquisitions that share a technology focus, increasing alignment with macro trends such as energy efficiency, clean energy generation, safety and security, urbanization, and customer productivity. The company’s areas of focus are supported by Honeywell enablers, which include driving profitable growth through R&D, technological excellence, and optimized manufacturing capability to deliver innovative products that customers value. Additionally, expanding margins by maintaining and improving the company's cost structure through manufacturing and administrative process improvements will enhance the flexibility of the business to proactively respond to changes in end market demand. Honeywell is committed to executing disciplined, rigorous mergers and acquisitions and integration processes to deliver inorganic growth while identifying appropriate acquisitions to deploy capital effectively. The company actively monitors trends in the oil and gas industry and manages raw material costs through long-term supply agreements and hedging activities. The emphasis on operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation is evident in the company's management of its businesses to maximize operating cash flows as the primary source of liquidity. Honeywell’s strategic management practices include aligning and prioritizing capital expenditures for long-term growth while considering short-term demand volatility. The company continuously assesses the relative strength of each business in its portfolio regarding strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution to identify candidates for acquisition or divestiture. Honeywell's investment choices are guided by the need to enhance operational capabilities and respond to market dynamics, ensuring that the firm remains competitive in its sectors. The focus on innovation partnerships and technology integration is critical for maintaining a competitive advantage and achieving performance gains across its operations. The company's commitment to information management capability ensures that data and information are provided to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, and security, tailored to changing business needs and directions.