The adoption of da Vinci surgical systems has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives, within the prevailing economics of healthcare providers. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for those products and procedures where da Vinci can bring greater patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. The growth in our overall procedure volume in 2015 was driven by growth in U.S. general surgery procedures and worldwide urologic procedures. We generate revenue from both the initial capital sales of da Vinci surgical systems and from subsequent sales of instruments, accessories, and service, as recurring revenue. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems has grown to approximately 3,597 at December 31, 2015, compared with 3,266 at December 31, 2014, and 2,966 at December 31, 2013. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of motion of minimally invasive surgery instruments in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We have commercialized four generations of da Vinci surgical systems, with the latest model, the da Vinci Xi, launched in April 2014, optimized for multi-quadrant surgeries and expanding upon core da Vinci features. The integrated table motion coordinates the movements of the da Vinci robot arms with an operating room table to enable shifting a patient's position in real-time while the da Vinci surgical robotic arms remain docked. This capability enhances the operational flexibility of surgical procedures, allowing for optimal positioning during multi-quadrant surgeries. We expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development, anticipating that research and development expenses will continue to increase in the future. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of these procedure categories, which includes investing in advanced imaging, advanced instrumentation, and next-generation robotics. The growth of recurring revenue and its increasing proportion of total revenue largely reflect continued procedure adoption on a growing base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. We believe that domestic revenue has accounted for the larger portion of total revenue due to patients' ability to choose their provider and method of treatment in the U.S., reimbursement structures supportive of innovation and minimally invasive surgery, and initial investments focused on domestic infrastructure. We have been investing in our business outside the U.S., and our outside U.S. procedures have grown faster in proportion to U.S. procedures. Future demand for da Vinci surgical systems will be impacted by factors including procedure growth rates, market response to our recently launched da Vinci Xi surgical system, hospitals' consolidation trends, evolving system utilization and point-of-care dynamics, and additional reimbursements in various global markets. The timing and magnitude of future authorizations, which may enable system placements, is not certain. The adoption of da Vinci surgical systems is driven by the relative patient value and total treatment costs of da Vinci procedures as compared to alternative treatment options for the same disease state or condition.