The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits (ICs) that are incorporated into sophisticated mobile devices. Our broad portfolio of defect inspection and metrology products, and related service, software, and other offerings primarily supports integrated circuit manufacturers throughout the entire semiconductor fabrication process, from research and development to final volume production. We provide leading-edge equipment, software, and support that enable IC manufacturers to identify, resolve, and manage significant advanced technology manufacturing process challenges and obtain higher finished product yields at lower overall cost. The timing for our customers in ordering and taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment is determined by their requirements to meet the next generation production ramp schedules and the timing for capacity expansion to meet end customer demand. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. To do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development. Our R&D expenses may fluctuate with product development phases and project timing as well as our focused R&D efforts that are aligned with our overall business strategy. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies as we address the yield challenges our customers face at future technology nodes. The growing use of increasingly sophisticated semiconductor devices in mobile consumer products has caused many of our customers to invest in additional semiconductor manufacturing capabilities and capacity. Our semiconductor customers generally operate in one or more of the three major semiconductor markets - memory, foundry, and logic. All three of these markets are characterized by rapid technological changes and sudden shifts in end-user demand, which influence the level and pattern of our customers' spending on our products and services. As our customer base becomes increasingly more concentrated, large orders from a relatively limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our sales, which potentially exposes us to more volatility for revenues and earnings. The demand for more advanced and lower-cost chips used in a growing number of consumer electronics, communications, data processing, and industrial and automotive products has resulted over the long term in a favorable demand environment for our process control and yield management solutions. Our earnings will depend not only on our revenue levels but also on the amount of research and development spending required to meet our customers' technology roadmaps. We have maintained production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. The timing, length, intensity, and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable, and any delay or push out by our customers in taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment may cause earnings volatility due to increases in the risk of inventory-related charges as well as timing of revenue recognition. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. Changes in gross margin percentage driven by revenue volume of products and services reflect our ability to leverage existing infrastructure to generate higher revenues.