Throughout this MD&A, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or GAAP, and are therefore referred to as non-GAAP financial measures. These measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. We executed our growth strategies in developing and emerging markets with a focus on China, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. In developing and emerging markets, we continue to benefit from innovation, expansion, category development, and higher net selling prices. To help fund our investments in innovations and growth initiatives and to improve our profit margins, we are generating cost savings through several initiatives, including leveraging our global procurement organization and deploying lean principles. The restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building, and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. We anticipate capital spending to be in a $950 to $1,050 range and share repurchases to total $600 to $900, subject to market conditions. We expect net sales to be negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of 5 to 6 percent. We also expect unfavorable foreign currency translation effects to negatively impact operating profit growth by 5 to 6 percent. Our share of net income from equity companies is expected to be similar to, or up somewhat, compared to 2015. We believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. The comparisons benefited from organic sales growth, force cost savings, input cost deflation, and savings from the 2014 organization restructuring. We are generating cost savings through several initiatives, including leveraging our global procurement organization and deploying lean principles. The restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, with total costs anticipated to be $130 to $160 after tax. Cumulative pre-tax savings from the restructuring are expected to be $120 to $140 by the end of 2017. We will fund our defined benefit pension plans to meet or exceed statutory requirements and currently expect to contribute up to $100 to these plans in 2016. We are targeting full-year 2016 share repurchases of $600 to $900, subject to market conditions. Our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We expect to contribute up to $100 to our defined benefit pension plans and to increase our quarterly dividend mid-single digits effective April 2016, subject to approval by the board of directors. The restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building, and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth.