The market for supply of natural gas is highly competitive, and new pipelines, storage facilities, treating facilities, and facilities for related services are currently being built to serve the growing demand for natural gas in each of the markets served by the pipelines in our natural gas pipelines business segment. We believe the principal elements of competition in our various markets are location, rates, terms of service, and flexibility and reliability of service. Our operations compete with interstate and intrastate pipelines, and their shippers, for connections to new markets and supplies and for transportation, processing, and treating services. We regularly consider and enter into discussions regarding potential acquisitions and are currently contemplating potential acquisitions. Our primary businesses in this segment consist of natural gas sales, transportation, storage, gathering, processing and treating, and the terminaling of LNG. We believe the location of our facilities and our ability to provide flexibility to customers help attract new and retain existing customers at our terminals and provide expansion opportunities. Our terminals segment includes the operations of our petroleum, chemical, ethanol, and other liquids terminal facilities and all of our coal, petroleum coke, fertilizer, steel, ores, and other dry-bulk material services facilities. Our liquids terminals compete with other publicly or privately held independent liquids terminals, and terminals owned by oil, chemical, and pipeline companies. Our products pipelines segment consists of our refined petroleum products, crude oil and condensate, and NGL pipelines and associated terminals. The profitability of our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation and storage business is generally driven by the volume of refined petroleum products that we transport and the prices we receive for our services. The transportation and storage volume levels are primarily driven by the demand for the refined petroleum products being shipped or stored. The prices for shipping are generally based on regulated tariffs that are adjusted annually based on changes in the U.S. producer price index. Our service contracts may rely solely on a single type of arrangement, but more often they combine elements of two or more of the above, which helps us and our counterparties manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices. We have consistently generated strong cash flow from operations, providing a source of funds. Our expectations for 2016 discussed above involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, and are not guarantees of performance. We expect to declare dividends of $0.50 per share for 2016, generate approximately $4.9 billion of distributable cash flow available to equity and approximately $4.7 billion of distributable cash flow available to common shareholders. We expect that our capital structure will continue to allow us to achieve our business objectives. Our short-term liquidity needs will be met primarily through retained cash from operations or short-term borrowings. The overwhelming majority of cash we generate is fee-based and therefore is not directly exposed to commodity prices. We expect to continue our pipeline integrity testing programs to assess and maintain the integrity of our existing and future pipelines as required by PHMSA regulations. Our operations are subject to various state and local laws and regulations, as well as orders of regulatory bodies, governing a wide variety of matters, including marketing, production, pricing, pollution, protection of the environment, and human health and safety. The competitive landscape is influenced by external factors such as regulatory changes, market demand, and technological advancements, which necessitate continuous adaptation of our operational strategies and investment decisions to maintain a competitive advantage.