We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Our information systems & global solutions (IS&GS) business segment provides advanced technology systems and expertise, integrated information technology solutions and management services across a broad spectrum of applications for civil, defense, intelligence, and other government customers. The IS&GS segment has been impacted by the continued downturn in certain federal agencies' information technology budgets and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. Our acquisition of Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation aligns with our strategic focus on enhancing our capabilities in the aerospace and defense sectors. The strategic review of our government information technology and technical services businesses is anticipated to unlock approximately $5.0 billion in estimated enterprise value for our stockholders. Our IS&GS business segment represents the government IT and technical services businesses that were under strategic review, and the transaction is expected to close in the third or fourth quarter of 2016. We expect our 2016 net sales to increase in the high single-digit range from 2015 levels, driven by the addition of Sikorsky and increased volume expected on the F-35 program. Our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions, such as our IS&GS business segment. The U.S. government continues to face significant fiscal and economic challenges, which may require us to revise our assumptions regarding funding and support for our key programs. We have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas. We expect to continue to invest in information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our capital expenditures for information technology are generally incurred to support new and existing programs across all of our business segments. The integration of technology capabilities is crucial for enhancing our operational efficiency and supporting our strategic resource allocation. We believe our current and former venture partners will be able to perform their obligations, and we continually evaluate the recoverability of our environmental receivables by assessing factors such as U.S. government regulations and our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs. The ability to recover investments that we make is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities.