We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We also control above-property costs by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use website, marriott.com, and our associated mobile smartphone applications and mobile website that connect to marriott.com, through functionality and service improvements. We expect to continue capturing an increasing proportion of property-level reservations via this cost-efficient channel. We monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. Our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. Demand for higher rated rooms improved in most markets, which allowed our hotels to reduce discounting and special offers for transient business in many markets. This mix improvement benefited average daily rate. For our company-operated properties, we continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. We believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. Our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new marriott-branded properties depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. We expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include loans and noncontrolling equity investments. We believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling the investments that we do make maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility. The ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks inherent in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets as a whole. We expect to continue meeting part of our financing and liquidity needs primarily through commercial paper borrowings, issuances of senior notes, and access to long-term committed credit facilities. Our anticipated investment spending does not include additional investments we may make in connection with the starwood combination, which we expect will close in mid-2016. We also have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. Our financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. We believe our approach to property-level and above-property productivity is crucial in enhancing operational efficiency and achieving performance gains.