Mcdonald's is building upon investments it has already made in reimaging and technology to innovate the way customers can order and how they are served, which represent elements of the experience of the future. The company's brand efforts aim to reach customers in ways that drive greater excitement and are meaningful to them, such as fun, engaging marketing campaigns and focused support of communities. Enhancements to the quality of McDonald's menu, more local sourcing of ingredients, and commitments around sustainability efforts are all designed to improve consumer confidence in the brand. The international lead markets remain relentlessly focused on customers and using data insights to better understand and respond to their changing needs and expectations. These markets are focused on food quality, which includes modernizing cooking and service platforms to serve hotter, fresher food. Local market initiatives include new recipes and quality ingredients, such as a range of new signature beef products in the U.K. The international lead markets are working to improve the restaurant experience with a focus on customizing the menu for individual tastes, and offering customers different ways to order, pay for, or receive their food. Markets continue to test solutions like self-order kiosks, table service, and curbside delivery that help restaurant teams better connect with and serve customers because they simplify operations. These solutions also enable restaurants to accommodate more customers during busy peak times, thereby driving overall business performance. The company is committed to elevating every aspect of the customer experience with the essential imperative of running great restaurants. The priorities of the turnaround plan are threefold: drive operational growth, create brand excitement, and enhance financial value. The company expects the new structure to enable faster decision-making and an increased ability to move proven initiatives quickly across markets. The company is also exploring the sale of a portion of the company's ownership in McDonald's Japan to a strategic investor who could help advance Japan's turnaround efforts, unlock the market's growth potential, and enhance value for all stakeholders. The company's substantial cash flow, strong investment-grade credit rating, and continued access to credit provide McDonald's flexibility to fund capital expenditures as well as return cash to shareholders. The company expects to realize net annual G&A savings of about $500 million from its G&A base, primarily through refranchising efforts and streamlining resources across corporate, segment, and market organizations. The company is accelerating the pace of refranchising to optimize its restaurant ownership mix, generate more stable and predictable revenue and cash flow streams, and operate with a less resource-intensive structure. The shift to a greater percentage of franchised restaurants negatively impacts consolidated revenues as company-operated sales are replaced by franchised sales, where the company receives rent and/or royalty revenue based on a percentage of sales. In 2015, constant currency revenue growth was driven by positive comparable sales and the benefit from expansion. The company has demonstrated an ability to manage inflationary cost increases effectively, which is due to rapid inventory turnover, the ability to adjust menu prices, cost controls, and substantial property holdings. The company is also focused on enhancing the customer experience through technology deployment and operational flexibility, which are essential for maintaining competitive advantage in the market.