We have operations in more than 80 countries and sell our products in 165 countries. Over the last several years, we have built a presence in the snacking category. We have expanded geographically and continue to invest in product quality, marketing, and innovation behind our iconic brands while also implementing a series of cost-saving initiatives. Our goals are to achieve industry-leading revenue growth over time driven by the higher expected growth rates of advantaged snack categories; leverage our cost structure through supply chain reinvention, productivity programs, overhead streamlining, volume growth, and improved product mix to drive margin gains; and grow earnings per share in the top tier of our peer group. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional, and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale, and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on product quality, bringing new products and innovations to market, and effectively meeting consumer needs and preferences. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets. Some of these markets have greater political and economic volatility and vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions, as we experienced this past year in markets including Argentina, Brazil, Russia, Ukraine, and Venezuela. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We are focused on continuing to manage our costs and adjusting prices as needed to recover changing costs while we continue to invest in our global power brands and routes to market. We manage our business to achieve top-tier financial performance using key operating metrics, including organic net revenue, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EPS. We also monitor a number of factors and trends that we expect may impact our revenues and profitability objectives, including long-term demographics and consumer trends, which are highly correlated to GDP growth, urbanization of the population, and rising discretionary income levels associated with a growing middle class, particularly in emerging markets. We expect these trends to continue leading to growth in key consumer behaviors, including increased snacking occasions, greater use of convenience food, and migration to more frequent, smaller meals. Our investment in keurig will follow the acquisition of keurig by jab, which is expected to be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2016 or early in the second quarter. We expect to continue to fund these expenditures from operations. We believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facility, and our authorized long-term financing will provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, future contractual obligations, share repurchases, and payment of our anticipated quarterly dividends.