In 2015, we continued to make progress on our three main revenue growth priorities: continuing to capitalize on the shift to mobile, growing the number of marketers using our ad products, and making our ads more relevant and effective through continued adoption of newer ad formats and tools for marketers. We expect these investments will continue to drive significant overall year-over-year expense growth compared to 2015. Trends in the number of users affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, the volume of payments transactions, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. The increase in demand for our ad inventory, in part driven by an increase in the number of marketers actively advertising on Facebook, influenced our advertising revenue growth. We believe that use of Facebook through personal computers will continue to decline in all regions, and overall growth in daily active users was driven by increased mobile usage of Facebook. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook properties, including our mobile applications, and third-party affiliated websites or mobile applications. We recognize revenue from the delivery of click-based ads in the period in which a person clicks on the content, and action-based ads in the period in which a person takes the action the marketer contracted for. Our cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products, including expenses related to the operation of our data centers, such as facility and server equipment depreciation, energy and bandwidth costs, and salaries, benefits, and share-based compensation for employees on our operations teams. Research and development expenses consist primarily of share-based compensation, salaries, and benefits for employees on our engineering and technical teams who are responsible for building new products as well as improving existing products. We anticipate making capital expenditures in 2016 of approximately $4.0 billion to $4.5 billion, primarily due to investments in servers, data centers, network infrastructure, and office buildings. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis, and our actual results could differ from these estimates. Our effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily because of the impact of acquiring intellectual property and integrating it into our business, non-deductible share-based compensation, operations in jurisdictions with tax rates lower than the U.S., and tax research credits. Our future effective tax rate will also be affected by the timing, size, and integration of any acquisitions we make. We have provided residual taxes in jurisdictions where we do not intend to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of the local subsidiary, however the amount of taxes provided has been insignificant. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition for payments and other fees, income taxes, share-based compensation, loss contingencies, and business combinations and valuation of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. We routinely review the remaining estimated useful lives of our finite-lived intangible assets, and if we reduce the estimated useful life assumption for any asset, the remaining unamortized balance would be amortized over the revised estimated useful life. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and we believe this non-GAAP financial measure provides investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enabling comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance.