Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes various forward-looking statements concerning trends or events potentially affecting our business. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing; speedway; and midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. The increase in refining & marketing segment income from operations in 2015 was primarily due to higher crack spreads, favorable effects of changes in market structure on crude oil acquisition prices, more favorable net product price realizations compared to spot market reference prices, and lower direct operating costs. The increase in 2014 was primarily due to more favorable net product price realizations and higher USGC and Chicago crack spreads. The refining & marketing segment's forecasted 2016 capital spending and investments is $1.3 billion, which includes approximately $250 million for midstream related assets, approximately $375 million for refining margin enhancement projects, and approximately $675 million for refinery-sustaining capital. The forecast also includes investments in the FCC units at our Garyville and Detroit refineries to increase our capacity to produce higher value alkylate and light products. At our Galveston Bay refinery, we will complete a hydrocracker project designed to increase our ULS diesel production by nine mbpd by shifting yields from gasoline. We will complete another project at our Galveston Bay refinery in mid-2016 which will increase export capabilities approximately 30 mbpd. The remaining $675 million budget is primarily allocated to maintaining facilities and meeting regulatory requirements at our refineries. The speedway segment's 2016 capital forecast of approximately $300 million is focused on store remodels and building new stores in Speedway's core markets. This budget includes expenditures for technology, equipment, and dispenser upgrades. We intend to continue growing Speedway's sales and profitability by focusing on the conversion and integration of acquired locations, from which we expect to realize increased merchandise sales and other synergies. The midstream segment's forecasted 2016 capital spend of $1.3 billion includes $1.1 billion for MPLX, which represents the mid-point of the growth capital spending forecast of $800 million to $1.2 billion, plus approximately $60 million for maintenance capital spending. MPLX is focused on projects attributed to Markwest's ongoing development of natural gas and gas liquids infrastructure to support its producer customers. Our financial results and operating statistics reflect the results of Markwest from the date of the acquisition. The combined entity will further Markwest's leading midstream presence in the Marcellus and Utica shales by allowing it to pursue additional midstream projects, which should allow producer customers to achieve superior value for their growing production in these important shale regions. The complementary aspects of the highly diverse asset base of Markwest, MPLX, and MPC provide significant additional opportunities across multiple segments of the hydrocarbon value chain. Our financial results and operating statistics reflect the results of Markwest from the date of the acquisition, consistent with our strategy to grow our midstream business. The anticipated in-service date for the pipeline is likely to be delayed to early 2019. The project schedule and cost estimates remain under review. We believe that Speedway LLC operates the second largest chain of company-owned and operated retail gasoline and convenience stores in the United States, with approximately 2,770 convenience stores in 22 states throughout the Midwest, East Coast, and Southeast.