MSCI offers content, applications, and services to support the needs of institutional investors throughout their investment processes, which includes the integration of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors into their investment strategies. Our analytical tools help clients measure and manage risk across all major asset classes, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We significantly invested in and expanded our operating functions and infrastructure, including additional product management, sales, and client support staff, as well as our research and data operations and technology functions. The purpose was to maximize our medium-term revenue and profit growth while ensuring that MSCI remains a leading provider of investment decision support tools. Our growth strategy includes developing new and enhancing existing product offerings, which involves combining existing product features or data derived from our products to create new solutions. In evaluating our financial performance, we focus on revenue and profit growth, including GAAP and non-GAAP measures, as well as operating metrics such as run rate, subscription sales, and aggregate retention rate to manage the business. Research and development expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits costs associated with more R&D projects and lower net capitalized costs related to internally developed software. Our operating expenses include selling and marketing expenses, which consist of costs associated with acquiring new clients or selling new products or product renewals to existing clients, and primarily include the costs of our sales force and marketing teams. The company believes that adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA expenses measures are important in highlighting trends because these measures exclude costs that are more fixed from period to period, providing more comparability between historical operating results and recent operating results that reflect changes due to acquisitions, investments, and capital structure. The run rate at any period generally represents the forward-looking revenues for the next 12 months from then-current subscriptions and investment product licenses provided to clients under renewable contracts or agreements. We measure the fees related to these agreements and refer to this as "run rate." The total run rate from analytics products increased significantly, driven by growth in various product lines. Aggregate retention rate is another key metric, as subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues. Our liquidity and capital resources are essential for funding ongoing operations, internal growth initiatives, and acquisitions, with primary sources of liquidity being cash flows generated from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and credit capacity under existing credit facilities. The company regularly evaluates acquisition opportunities, believing that its liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve planned growth.