We are a leading global provider of mission-critical communication infrastructure, devices, accessories, software, and services. Our products and services help government, public safety, and commercial customers improve their operations through increased effectiveness, efficiency, and safety of their mobile workforces. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend in serving our customers. We expect to continue to see growing demands for our managed & support services going forward. These services offerings help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways including predictive policing, proactive support, or smarter response strategies. The acquisition of Airwave enables us to grow revenue and geographically diversify our global managed & support services offerings within our services segment, while offering a proven service delivery platform to build on for providing innovative, leading, mission-critical communications solutions and services to customers. We strive to optimize our capital structure to enable prioritized investments in the business and targeted acquisitions as a source of generating solid future operating cash flows. We have a broad, compelling products and services portfolio specifically tailored for our mission-critical communications customer base that spans many layers of governments, public safety, and first responders, as well as commercial and industrial customers in a number of key verticals. Our solutions are interoperable and backward-compatible, enabling customers to confidently invest for their future needs while allowing them to utilize their prior investment in our technology. We expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards services over time. The expected decline in Iden sales will impact both revenues and gross margins within the services segment as Iden services' gross margins are generally higher than the remainder of our services portfolio. We are committed to employing disciplined financial policies and driving continuous efficiencies and improvements in our cost structure. We expect to reduce SG&A and R&D expenses during 2016 by approximately $150 million in comparison to 2015. Our liquidity and available capital resources are impacted by four key components: cash and cash equivalents, operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities. We continue to analyze and review various repatriation strategies to efficiently repatriate cash. We believe that we have adequate internal resources available to fund expected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months as supported by the level of cash and cash equivalents in the U.S. and the ability to repatriate funds from foreign jurisdictions. Our share repurchase program has approximately $1.0 billion of authority available as of December 31, 2015. We have entered into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or establish the parameters defining our requirements. We have entered into software license agreements which are firm commitments and are not cancelable. We do not anticipate the cancellation of any of our take or pay agreements in the future and estimate that purchases from these suppliers will exceed the minimum obligations during the agreement periods. We also outsource certain corporate functions, such as benefit administration and information technology-related services, under third-party contracts. Our commitment to innovation and technology management is reflected in our ongoing investment in research and development, which is crucial for maintaining our competitive advantage and responding to evolving market dynamics. We continue to focus on aligning our business strategies with the demands of the market, ensuring operational flexibility, and enhancing our IT capabilities to support our organizational goals and improve overall performance.