The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. Our investments in foreign subsidiaries are exposed to volatility in currency exchange rates through translation of the foreign subsidiaries' net assets or equity to U.S. dollars. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. The financial investment portfolio objective is to invest in securities to preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. Technology solutions revenues market technology revenues for most technology solutions, we enter into multiple-element sales arrangements to develop technology solutions, license the right to use software, and provide post-contract support and other services to our customers. In order to recognize revenues associated with each individual element of a multiple-element sales arrangement separately, we are required to establish the existence of vendor specific objective evidence of fair value for each element. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually, or in interim periods if certain events occur indicating that the carrying amount may be impaired, such as changes in the business climate, poor indicators of operating performance or the sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. The fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets is primarily determined on the basis of estimated discounted value, using the relief from royalty approach or excess earnings approach for trade names and the greenfield approach for exchange and clearing registrations and licenses, both of which incorporate assumptions regarding future revenue projections and discount rates. We evaluate our equity and cost method investments for other-than-temporary declines in value by considering a variety of factors such as the earnings capacity of the investment and the fair value of the investment compared to its carrying amount. We capitalize and amortize significant purchased application software and operational software that are an integral part of computer hardware on the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. We also give consideration to the pace of the technological changes in the industries in which we sell our products. The estimated useful life of customer relationships is determined based on an analysis of the historical attrition rates of customers and an analysis of the legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic, or other factors that limit the useful life of customer relationships. We continue to monitor potential triggering events in our espeed business. Any changes in these factors could result in further testing for recoverability, and, if it is determined that the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable, an impairment of the asset would then be recorded. The espeed business operated in a market environment that became increasingly challenging during 2015 and, as a result, has experienced a decline in operating performance. The fair value determined in this valuation exceeded the carrying amount of the trade name as of December 31, 2015, and therefore, no impairment charge was recorded. If the market environment for the espeed business remains challenging for a prolonged period of time, if market conditions deteriorate further or if operating performance over time is below management's projections, we will reevaluate the espeed trade name for potential impairment. We believe that our tax liabilities reflect the probable outcome of identified tax uncertainties, and if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary.