Technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendation, merchandising and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to a $133.2 million increase in personnel-related costs resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a 20% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion. In addition, third party expenses, including costs associated with cloud computing, increased $23.8 million. We have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Streaming delivery expenses, therefore, also include equipment costs related to our content delivery network and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering streaming content over the internet. Our ability to obtain financing to support our international expansion or investment in original content will depend on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We expect to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which could impact our liquidity and result in future negative free cash flows. The increase in our international revenues was primarily due to the 82% growth in the average number of paid international memberships as well as the 1% increase in average monthly revenue per paying member resulting from the price increase on our most popular streaming plan and the introduction of the premium plan, offset partially by the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $311.5 million increase in content expenses including content for our new markets as well as more exclusive and original programming. Other costs increased primarily due to increases in our streaming delivery expenses, costs associated with our customer service call centers and payment processing fees, all driven by our growing member base. We believe international revenues would have been approximately $331 million higher in 2015 if foreign exchange rates had remained consistent with those for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in domestic streaming revenues was due to the 22% growth in the average number of paid memberships, as well as to the 2% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership resulting from the price increase for new members in the second quarter of 2014 and introduction of the higher priced plan in 2013. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to the $242.3 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. Our domestic streaming segment had a contribution margin of 33% for the year ended December 31, 2015, which increased as compared to the contribution margin of 27% for the year ended December 31, 2014 due to growth in paid memberships and revenue, which continued to outpace content and marketing spending. We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 33% in 2015. Our 2020 domestic streaming contribution margin target remains at 40%. The increase in marketing expenses incurred by our international streaming segment has been significant and fluctuates dependent upon the number of international territories in which our streaming service is offered and the timing of the launch of new territories.