We operate the most extensive intermodal network in the east and are a major transporter of coal, automotive and industrial products. Despite facing significant headwinds during 2015, we continued our focus on deploying resources to improve network velocity and service while streamlining our corporate assets. As a result of operational improvements, network fluidity improved throughout the year, evidenced by a 21% decrease in terminal dwell and a 17% improvement in train speed. Improving our rail service, generating higher returns on capital, and increasing the efficiency of our resources remain our focus. We expect to produce expense savings of $130 million in 2016 while increasing productivity and efficiency. We are working with our customers and business partners to convert business handled by our subsidiary into our current intermodal network. The transition is expected to absorb some shipments previously handled by the subsidiary into our domestic container line of business. We believe we are well-positioned to meet continued headwinds in 2016. The increase in purchased services expense reflects higher costs associated with information technology, maintenance and repair, and the corporate office closure. Looking forward to 2016, we expect decreases in our purchased services and equipment rents expenses principally due to lower operational costs and improved network velocity. We anticipate higher intermodal revenues due to increased volumes as a result of continued highway conversions and growth associated with new and existing customers. Our technology investments of $80 million are planned for new or upgraded systems and computers. We expect to spend $250 million for the continued implementation of positive train control and expect related property additions to total approximately $530 million in the following years. We are committed to enhancing our technology infrastructure to support operational efficiency and business transformation. Our focus on technology capabilities underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We aim to improve our operational flexibility and market responsiveness through strategic resource allocation and investment decisions. The anticipated spending includes improvements to vehicle distribution facilities and upgrades to our mechanical service shops, which will enhance our operational capabilities. We believe that our IT effectiveness and governance will play a crucial role in achieving our organizational goals and enhancing our competitive positioning in the market. The strategic alignment of our technology portfolio with business needs will support our ongoing efforts to optimize processes and improve performance outcomes. Our commitment to information management capability will ensure that we provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, and security, tailored to respond to changing business needs and directions. We expect that our investments in technology and infrastructure will facilitate our ability to adapt to market dynamics and enhance our overall business performance.