In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including key events and recent developments within our company. We believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth and the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, and a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media. Our ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences and our initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance reflect our commitment to operational efficiency and responsiveness to market dynamics. We have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand. Our supplier financing programs enable us to reduce overall supply chain costs and negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers, which enhances our operational flexibility and resource management. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. The increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended December 31, 2015, was primarily a result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores and sales from new stores, driven by our faster growing professional service provider sales, which are primarily comprised of hard part categories and by the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. Our comparable store sales increase for the year ended December 31, 2015, was driven by increases in average ticket values and customer transaction counts for both DIY and professional service provider customers. The improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O'Reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service. Our strategic resource allocation and management practices have been instrumental in supporting our operational efficiency and enhancing our competitive positioning in the automotive aftermarket industry, allowing us to leverage our IT capabilities to effectively support business needs and drive performance improvements. We have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences, reflecting our commitment to innovation and responsiveness to market dynamics.