We offer a comprehensive portfolio of human capital management ("HCM") services and products that allow our clients to meet their diverse payroll and human resource needs. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to drive growth in clients, revenue, and profits. We are managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Looking to the future, we believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. We continue to position ourselves to capitalize on the opportunities arising from the shift to SaaS solutions as we increase our investment in product development relating to our SaaS capabilities and mobile applications. We introduced Paychex Flex, a solution that includes our leading-edge, cloud-based platform and mobility applications, with a multi-tiered service offering, which streamlines workforce management through innovative technology and flexible choice of service. This provides a unique blend of both service and software that we believe differentiates us from our competitors. The comprehensive, cloud-based Paychex Flex platform offers powerful capabilities in a simple user experience that is adaptive to the needs of users across the HCM spectrum. All Paychex services, including payroll, time and attendance, HR, benefits, training, and performance management, are accessible on a single cloud-based platform with Paychex single sign-on. The mobile apps within Paychex Flex give employers access to the fullest set of employee data available on-the-go, in addition to plan-level views of retirement, health, and benefit accounts. Likewise, employees receive visibility into a wide set of personal and benefits data and functionality, including the industry's broadest set of retirement self-service features. We also expanded our mobile applications by introducing mobile applications for our Paychex Accounting Online services, time and attendance, and our expense management solution. Our online HR administration products, including time and attendance and human resource management, contributed to growth through strong sales of our SaaS solutions. The increases in total expenses were driven largely by growth in compensation-related expenses. For fiscal 2015, compensation-related expenses increased due to higher sales headcount and variable costs resulting from strong sales execution, along with higher employee-benefit-related costs, primarily medical expenses. The increase in wages was largely related to investments in product development and supporting technology, as well as sales force investment initiatives that began in fiscal 2013. Increases in depreciation expense were due to capital expenditures as we invested in technology and continued to grow our business. We believe that our investments as of May 31, 2015, were not other-than-temporarily impaired, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date that would indicate any other-than-temporary impairment. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our financial results for fiscal 2015 reflected sustained growth in our business. Payroll service revenue continued to experience steady growth of 4% for fiscal 2015 as compared with fiscal 2014, driven by growth in revenue per check and clients. We achieved a milestone of $1 billion of HR services revenue for fiscal 2015, as strong demand for our comprehensive human resource outsourcing solutions drove double-digit growth.