Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including growing our utility operations through continued investment in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects, and maintaining and expanding a reliable generation fleet with the flexibility to utilize a diverse mix of fuels which allows us to respond to market volatility and capitalize on opportunities as they arise. We effectively deployed capital without the need for additional equity, while our solid credit ratings aided our ability to access capital and credit markets. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects aimed at maintaining service reliability to our customers and bolstering our system resiliency. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of market opportunities presented during the year as we remain diligent in managing costs. Our total nuclear fleet achieved an average capacity factor of 90%, and diverse fuel mix and dispatch flexibility allowed us to generate approximately 55 TWh while addressing unit outages and balancing fuel availability and price volatility. Our financial strength is predicated on a solid balance sheet, positive cash flow, and reasonable risk-adjusted returns on increased investment. We utilize rigorous investment criteria when deploying capital and seek to invest in areas that complement our existing business and provide reasonable risk-adjusted returns. We are committed to effectively managing our energy obligations and re-contracting our open supply positions, while executing our utility capital investment program, including our energy strong program and other investments for growth that yield contemporaneous and reasonable risk-adjusted returns, while enhancing the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintaining the reliability of the service we provide to our customers. We continue to advocate for measures to ensure the implementation by PJM and FERC of market design and transmission planning rules that promote fair and efficient electricity markets. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-moving economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value, including investments in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, improvements to system resiliency, and modernizing existing infrastructure. Our primary investment opportunities are in our regulated utility business and our merchant power business.