We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet such challenges effectively. Our self-storage operations generated most of our net income for all periods presented. Accordingly, a significant portion of management's time is devoted to maximizing cash flows from our existing self-storage facilities, as well as seeking additional investments in self-storage facilities. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for us to fully achieve the higher net operating income, and the ultimate levels of net operating income to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. We expect the non-same store facilities to continue to provide increased net operating income in 2016 as these facilities approach stabilized occupancy levels and the earnings of the 2015 acquisitions are reflected in our operations for a longer period in 2016 as compared to 2015. Our capital resources include $104 million of cash as of December 31, 2015, $485 million of available borrowing capacity on our revolving line of credit, and $290 million of net proceeds from the issuance of preferred securities in January 2016. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. We believe that our real estate development activities are beneficial to our business operations over the long run. We also expect to increase the number of non-same store facilities over at least the next 24 months through development of new self-storage facilities, expansions to existing facilities, and acquisitions of facilities. Our equity investments in Shurgard Europe and PS Business Parks, Inc. may provide additional opportunities for leveraging our capabilities. The increase in realized annual rental income per occupied square foot has been due primarily to annual rent increases given to existing tenants and, to a lesser extent, increased move-in rental rates. We believe that the current trends in move-in, move-out, in-place contractual rents, and occupancy levels are consistent with our expectation of continued revenue growth in 2016. Our evaluation that we have met the REIT requirements could be incorrect, because compliance with the tax rules requires factual determinations, and circumstances we have not identified could result in noncompliance with the tax requirements in current or prior years. We believe that our net cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing requirements for operating expenses, capital improvements, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. Our planned capital needs consist of $267 million of remaining spend on our current development pipeline, $149 million in property acquisitions currently under contract, and $29 million in principal repayments on existing debt. We expect to continue to seek to acquire properties; however, there is significant competition to acquire existing facilities, and there can be no assurance as to the level of facilities we may acquire. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows.