We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our integrated operations and common administrative support at each of our operating units requires that certain allocations, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, be made to determine operating segment profitability. The electric power infrastructure services segment provides comprehensive network solutions to customers in the electric power industry, including the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of electric power transmission and distribution infrastructure. We believe that our comprehensive services, industry knowledge, and experience in the design, installation, and maintenance of renewable energy facilities will enable us to support our customers' renewable energy efforts. The significant improvement in access to natural gas resources from unconventional shale formations in the United States and Canada has dramatically increased the near- and long-term supply of natural gas in North America. We expect these system upgrades will result in increased spending and increased demand for our services over the long term. The regulatory and environmental permitting processes remain a hurdle for some proposed transmission and renewable energy projects, and these factors continue to create uncertainty as to the timing of this spending. We believe that utilities remain committed to the expansion and strengthening of their transmission infrastructure with planning, engineering, and funding for many of their projects in place. We anticipate many of these issues to be overcome and spending on infrastructure projects to increase. The oil and gas industry is highly cyclical and subject to volatility as a result of fluctuations in natural gas, natural gas liquids, and oil prices. A sustained period of lower prices may further reduce spending on exploration and production. We believe that the development of such resources may continue over the long term and that building this infrastructure would take a number of years, which should increase demand for our services. We also believe the abundant natural gas supply, combined with lower gas prices, will increase demand for natural gas in the future. Our specific opportunities in the mainline pipe business are sometimes difficult to predict because of the seasonality of the bidding and construction cycles within the industry. We also believe that our overall size and breadth of service offerings provide competitive advantages that allow us to leverage these potential opportunities that arise in connection with the development and production of resources from North American unconventional shale formations. We are closely monitoring our customers and the effect that changes in economic and market conditions have had or may have on them. We continue to evaluate the impact of the economic environment on our reporting units and the valuation of recorded goodwill. Our technology management and operational capabilities are critical in navigating the challenges posed by regulatory and environmental requirements, ensuring compliance, and optimizing our operational efficiency. We believe that additional attractive acquisition candidates exist primarily as a result of the highly fragmented nature of the industry, the inability of many companies to expand and modernize due to capital constraints, and the desire of owners for liquidity. We are evaluating ways in which we can strategically apply our expertise to strengthen infrastructure in various foreign countries where infrastructure enhancements are increasingly important.