The increase in marketing, selling and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in advertising spending mainly relating to our initiatives in the North American, Australian, and Asian markets, an increase in payroll and benefits primarily due to an increase in our stock price over the past year related to our performance share awards and higher IT labor costs resulting from the addition of projects and initiatives in 2015. We utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance in addition to the standard United States GAAP-based financial measures. Our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. We may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. We continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. Our business model, along with our unsecured revolving credit facilities, has historically allowed us to maintain this working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing, and financing needs. We expect that we will continue to have working capital deficits in the future. The cash generated from these advance receipts can be used to fund operating expenses for the applicable future sailing or otherwise, pay down our revolving credit facilities, invest in long-term investments, or any other use of cash. The estimated impact of the divested Pullmantur non-core businesses was arrived at by adjusting the net income (loss) of these businesses for the ownership percentage we retained, as well as for intercompany transactions that are no longer eliminated in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) subsequent to the sales transaction. We believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. However, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. We have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund these obligations. We have on order three quantum-class ships and two oasis-class ships for our Royal Caribbean International brand and we have two "project edge" ships on order for our Celebrity Cruises brand, all of which has committed unsecured bank financing arrangements which include sovereign financing guarantees. We expect our cash flows from operations and our current financing arrangements will be adequate to meet our capital expenditures and debt repayments over the next twelve-month period. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to a $129.4 million increase in cash receipts from customer deposits, a $66.3 million increase in cash receipts from onboard spending, and a decrease in fuel costs and interest paid in 2015 compared to the same period in 2014. The decision to significantly reduce our exposure to the Latin American market negatively impacted the expected undiscounted cash flows of these vessels and aircraft and resulted in an impairment charge to write down these assets to their estimated fair values. The increase in capacity was primarily due to the addition of Anthem of the Seas and Quantum of the Seas which entered service in April 2015 and October 2014, respectively. The increase in onboard revenue was attributable to higher spending on a per passenger basis primarily due to our ship upgrade programs and other revenue-enhancing initiatives, including various beverage initiatives, the addition and promotion of specialty restaurants, the increased revenue associated with internet and other telecommunication services, and other onboard activities.