Our ability to continue to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. We expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of Praluent and preparation for potential commercialization of our late-stage antibody product candidates. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. We prepare estimates of research and development costs for projects in clinical development, which include direct costs and allocations of certain costs such as indirect labor, non-cash compensation expense, and manufacturing and other costs related to activities that benefit multiple projects. Our estimates of research and development costs for clinical development programs are shown below. In connection with our funding requirements, we expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities, including preclinical and clinical testing, costs related to the preparation for potential commercialization of our late-stage antibody product candidates, and commercialization of Eylea and Praluent. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, funds generated by anticipated Eylea net product sales, and funding for reimbursement of research and development costs that we are entitled to receive under our collaboration agreements with Sanofi and Bayer Healthcare will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the net sales of our marketed products, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, the continuation of our collaborations, including our share of collaboration profits or losses from sales of commercialized products and the amount of reimbursement of our research and development expenses that we receive from collaborators. We expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of Praluent and preparation for potential commercialization of our late-stage antibody product candidates, approximately half of which we expect to be reimbursed by Sanofi under the companies' collaboration agreement. Our collaborators provide us with estimated development expenses for the most recent fiscal quarter. Bayer Healthcare's and Sanofi's estimates are reconciled to their actual expenses for such quarter in the subsequent fiscal quarter, and our portion of our collaborators' development expenses that we are obligated to reimburse is adjusted accordingly. We also expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of Praluent and preparation for potential commercialization of our late-stage antibody product candidates, approximately half of which we expect to be reimbursed by Sanofi under the companies' collaboration agreement. The lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals, and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. Our ability to continue to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a significant portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators.