We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both additions to existing businesses and new strategic platforms. The acquisitions both expanded and complemented our existing technologies. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 was primarily due to increased earnings net of intangible amortization related to acquisitions and the collection of receivables. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements and future acquisition activities. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2016 will be affected by, among other things, the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. We account for goodwill in a purchase business combination as the excess of the cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill, which is not amortized, is tested for impairment on an annual basis in conjunction with our annual forecast process during the fourth quarter. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives when certain indicators of impairment are present. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments, and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. The returns and other sales credit allowance is an estimate of customer returns, exchanges, discounts, or other forms of anticipated concessions and is treated as a reduction in revenue. We regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. The increase in organic sales was due to increased sales in our medical businesses, led by Verathon and Managed Health Care Associates. Our effective income tax rate was 30.6%, which was 70 basis points higher than the 2014 rate. We expect existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by our U.S. operations, our unsecured credit facility, as well as our expected ability to access the capital markets, will be sufficient to fund operating requirements in the U.S. for the foreseeable future. We may redeem some or all of these notes at any time or from time to time, at 100% of their principal amount, plus a make-whole premium based on a spread to U.S. treasury securities. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. We consider various qualitative factors, including macroeconomic conditions, relevant industry and market trends, cost factors, overall financial performance, other entity-specific events, and events affecting the reporting unit that could indicate a potential change in the fair value of our reporting unit or the composition of its carrying values.