Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. Our capital expenditures include costs to build or expand distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. We are forecasting approximately $425 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2016 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new Ross and dd's discounts stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains in fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013, and we intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. We expect to primarily fund capital expenditures with available cash and cash flows from operations. The decrease in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 was primarily due to a reduction in our capital expenditures. Our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below: total capital expenditures $367.0 million, $646.7 million, and $550.5 million. The effective tax rate represents the applicable combined federal and state statutory rates reduced by the federal benefit of state taxes deductible on federal returns. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 will be between 37% and 38%. We regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns. Our primary source of operating cash flow is the sale of our merchandise inventory. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. Our liquidity and capital requirements were provided by available cash and cash flows from operations and in fiscal 2014, the issuance of our unsecured 3.375% senior notes due September 2024. We plan to renew our revolving credit facility in 2016. We estimate that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months. We currently lease all but three of our store locations, three warehouse facilities, and a buying office. We have a ground lease related to our New York buying office. Our existing $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility expires in June 2017 and contains a $300 million sublimit for issuance of standby letters of credit. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in 2016. Our merchandise inventory includes acquisition, processing, and storage costs related to packaway inventory. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to the company's store merchandise assortment plans.