During 2015, we realigned our field support functions by combining two organizational layers into one. This includes the elimination of our three regions, the consolidation of our 20 areas into 10, and the streamlining of select roles at our Phoenix headquarters. We will reinvest and deploy resources into our areas by creating 10 area offices equipped with enhanced teams of operators and functional support roles. We expect to reduce administrative staffing levels, relocate office space, and close certain office locations. As such, we will incur restructuring charges of approximately $25 million primarily for severance benefits, transition costs, and lease termination costs. Substantially all of these charges will be recorded in our corporate segment, and we expect the majority of the charges to be incurred in the first half of 2016. We expect the savings realized from these restructuring efforts will be re-invested in our customer-focused programs and other initiatives we recently launched. Additionally, as part of these customer initiatives, we also will be consolidating our call center operations. Over the next two years, we will consolidate over 100 customer service locations into three customer resource centers. The new state-of-the-art facilities and the technology deployed will provide our customer service employees with the tools and capabilities they need to provide better service to customers across a myriad of touch points, including voice, email, text, social channels, and live chat. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. In situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Our corporate entities include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills, and other administrative functions. The effective portions of the changes in fair values as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, net of tax, have been recorded in stockholders' equity as components of accumulated other comprehensive loss. We use cash flows from operations to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases, and debt repayments. We believe that presenting free cash flow provides useful information regarding our recurring cash provided by operating activities after expenditures for property and equipment received, plus proceeds from sales of property and equipment. It also demonstrates our ability to execute our financial strategy, which includes reinvesting in existing capital assets to ensure a high level of customer service, investing in capital assets to facilitate growth in our customer base and services provided, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and minimizing debt, paying cash dividends and repurchasing common stock, and maintaining and improving our market position through business optimization. We have incurred comparable charges and costs and have recorded similar recoveries in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. Our definition of adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We have not reduced the liabilities we have recorded for recoveries from other potentially responsible parties or insurance companies. We believe that our excess cash, cash from operating activities, and our availability to draw from our credit facilities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due.