The company's operations are highly dependent on the integrity of its technology systems and the company's success depends, in part, on its ability to make timely enhancements and additions to its technology in anticipation of evolving client needs. The company is committed to an ongoing process of upgrading, enhancing, and testing its technology systems. This effort is focused on meeting client needs, meeting market and regulatory changes, and deploying standardized technology platforms. The company's ability to develop and launch new products, services, and capabilities in a timely and successful manner is critical for maintaining its market leadership position. The company has established policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, which includes the risk of technological failure and the need for effective IT governance. The company’s management believes that its innovative, full-service model continues to resonate with clients and drive growth. The company has invested significantly in information technology equipment and software, with management anticipating that capital expenditures will increase primarily due to spending on information technology equipment and capitalized costs for internal-use software. The company's operational risk includes the potential for loss due to inadequate or failed internal processes, systems, and firms or exchanges handling client orders, or loss from external events and relationships impacting the company and/or any of its key business partners and vendors. The company has specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and uses periodic risk self-assessments and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. The company maintains backup and recovery functions, including facilities for backup and communications, and conducts periodic testing of disaster recovery plans. The company also maintains policies and procedures and technology to protect against fraud and unauthorized access to systems and data. The company has established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The company's risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. The global risk committee is responsible for the oversight of risk management, which includes identifying emerging risks and assessing risk management practices. The company actively engages in the research and development of new technologies, services, and products, and endeavors to protect its research and development efforts through the use of copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and contracts. The company’s operational risk includes fiduciary, information security, legal, and model risk, and includes the risk of human error, employee misconduct, external fraud, computer viruses, cyber attacks, and natural disasters. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. The company’s commitment to an ongoing process of upgrading, enhancing, and testing its technology systems is essential for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting business strategies. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform into a competitive force.