Schlumberger's financial performance in 2015 was significantly impacted by the large decrease in land activity, particularly in the U.S., where the year-end land rig count was less than 700 rigs. This created massive overcapacity in the land market that impacted pricing levels across a broad range of oilfield services. Throughout the year, Schlumberger took a number of actions to streamline and resize its organization as it continues to navigate the current market downturn. Despite current conditions, Schlumberger remains constructive in its view of the market outlook in the medium term, believing that the underlying balance of supply and demand will tighten, driven by growth in demand and weakening supply as the massive exploration and production investment cuts take effect. The decline in drilling activity coupled with persistent pricing pressure, currency weaknesses, and operational disruptions lowered revenues across all geographies but most significantly in the Europe, CIS & Africa area. The production group's performance was mainly affected by the fall in North American land activity as exhausted customer budgets led to a continued decline in rig count and increased pricing pressure. In this uncertain environment, Schlumberger continues to focus on what it can control, including the mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Schlumberger's proactive cost and resource management contributed to maintaining pretax operating margins internationally despite revenue declines from pricing concessions and an increasingly unfavorable shift in revenue mix from offshore exploration to development. The company’s strategic resource allocation and management practices are essential in transforming the firm into a competitive force, emphasizing the importance of IT capability in supporting business needs and enhancing operational efficiency. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical as Schlumberger navigates market dynamics and responds to changing business needs and directions. The company's focus on innovation and technology deployment is evident in its efforts to enhance organizational capabilities and improve performance outcomes in a challenging business environment. As Schlumberger continues to adapt to market restructuring and competitive pressures, its investment in IT resources and capabilities remains a key driver of business transformation and operational flexibility, enabling the firm to respond effectively to external influences and maintain its competitive positioning.