We are a leading benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data and research provider serving the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: Standard & Poor's Ratings Services ("S&P Ratings"), S&P Capital IQ and SNL, S&P Dow Jones Indices ("S&P DJ Indices") and Commodities & Commercial ("C&C"). S&P Capital IQ and SNL is a global provider of multi-asset-class data, research and analytical capabilities, which integrate cross-asset analytics and desktop services. We seek to accomplish our mission and vision within the framework of our core values of fairness, integrity and transparency. Our vision is to be the leading provider of transparent and independent benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data and research in the global capital, commodities and corporate markets. We are aligning our efforts against two key strategic priorities: creating growth and driving performance. We will strive to drive global growth by focusing on executing our strategic initiatives, strengthening core capabilities and collaborating across businesses. Driving performance involves delivering operational excellence, managing and mitigating risk and enhancing leadership and accountability. We will continue to invest in targeted financial assets, divest selected non-core assets, and increase shareholder return. Our C&C business is driven by the need for high-value information and transparency in a variety of industries. C&C seeks to deliver premier content that is deeply embedded in customer workflows and decision-making processes. We expect to continue to invest in digital capabilities that will enable our brands to become more integrated in our customers' workflows, compete more effectively in the marketplace, and create a foundation for the development of new products and revenue streams. The segment expects to further expand its presence in selected markets and geographies to help drive growth. Our strategy includes leveraging technology resources and capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and support business needs. The anticipated disposal of J.D. Power does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on operations and financial results. We have classified the assets and liabilities of J.D. Power as held for sale in our consolidated balance sheet. We are committed to mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities, which underscores the importance of IT capability in transforming a firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. We aim to create a portfolio focused on scalable, industry-leading, interrelated businesses in the capital and commodity markets. We will continue to execute our strategy of investing for growth in markets that have size and scale while exiting non-core assets. Our commitment to information management capability is critical, as it allows us to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions.