The commercial aerospace industry, including the aftermarket and OEM market, is impacted by the health of the global economy and geopolitical events around the world. Our business is well diversified due to the broad range of products we offer to our customers, which include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems, and engine technology. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. Our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with an aftermarket revenue stream, which allows us to provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft. We estimate that our products are installed on approximately 95,000 commercial transport, regional transport, military, and general aviation fixed-wing turbine aircraft and rotary-wing aircraft. The commercial transport market sector, the largest sector in the commercial OEM market, continued to grow during 2015. Our commercial transport OEM shipments and revenues generally run ahead of the Boeing and Airbus airframe delivery schedules. As a result, our fiscal 2016 shipments will be a function of, among other things, the estimated 2016 and 2017 commercial airframe production rates. Our presence in both the commercial aerospace and military sectors may mitigate the impact on our business of any specific industry risk. We service a diversified customer base in the commercial and military aerospace industry, providing components to a diverse installed base of aircraft, which mitigates our exposure to any individual airframe platform. The company evaluates from time to time the appropriateness of its current leverage, taking into consideration the company's debt holders, equity holders, credit ratings, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. The company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. This is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond its control. The company has not, at this time, determined to change the nature of its debt facilities. However, in the future, the company may increase its borrowings in connection with acquisitions, if cash flow from operations becomes insufficient to fund current operations or for other short-term cash needs or for stock repurchases or dividends. The company generated $520.9 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2015 compared to $541.2 million during fiscal 2014. The net decrease was due primarily to higher interest payments due to the company's current debt structure, offset by an increase in income from operations.