We design, develop, manufacture, and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, and energy storage products. We have enhanced our vehicle offerings with all-wheel drive capability, autopilot options, and free over-the-air software updates. Our primary source of revenue is from the sale of our vehicles. We continue to increase our sales and service footprint worldwide and expand our supercharging and destination charging networks. We have been increasing our production activities and expect to continue to do so. We expect that demand for our vehicles will continue to increase worldwide as we grow our customer sales and service infrastructure, and as we continue to develop our products. We expect our annual production will increase considerably each year for the next several years. We plan to invest in equipment to support cell production at the gigafactory, begin installation of model 3 vehicle production machinery, open about 80 retail locations and service centers, and energize about 300 new supercharger locations. Our operating expenses are expected to grow by about 20% in 2016 as compared to 2015, driven primarily by the expansion of our retail and service centers as well as increases in general and administrative costs to support the growth of the business. We expect sales, general and administrative expenses to decline over time as a percentage of revenue as we focus on increasing operational efficiency while continuing to expand our customer and corporate infrastructure. We plan to continue investing in our supercharger network for the foreseeable future, including in North America, Europe, and Asia. We are developing the gigafactory as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules, and battery packs in one location. We currently expect to produce cells at this site beginning in 2016 for use initially in our Tesla energy products and later for our vehicles. We continue to invest in construction of the building and utilities at the gigafactory and in production equipment for battery, module, and pack production. We will be responsible for the overall management of the gigafactory and will engage with partners who have significant experience in battery cell and material production. We expect that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over the next 12 months based on our current plans. These cash flows enable us to fund our ongoing operations, research and development projects for our planned model 3, and certain other future products; purchase tooling and manufacturing equipment required to continue to ramp up production of model x and model s; construct our gigafactory; and establish and expand our retail stores, service centers, and supercharger network. We currently anticipate making aggregate capital expenditures of about $1.5 billion in 2016. Our operating cash flows are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as manufacturing, research and development, and selling, general and administrative. Our operating cash inflows include cash from sales of our vehicles, customer deposits for model s and model x, sales of regulatory credits, cash from the provision of development services, and sales of powertrain components and systems. We expect to continue expanding our leasing offerings. We have been increasing our production activities and expect to continue to do so. We have broadened the appeal of model s by introducing new variants that improve range, performance, and value. Overall, we expect that demand for our vehicles will continue to increase worldwide as more people drive and become aware of our vehicles.