We design, make, and sell semiconductors to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. Our business model is carefully constructed around the following attributes: the industry's broadest portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing semiconductors. Our customers' design engineers need at least one, and most times multiple, chips for their systems. The breadth of our portfolio means we can solve more of these needs than can our competitors, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to generate more revenue per system. We invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio. A strong foundation of manufacturing technology and low-cost production is essential, as we invest in manufacturing technologies that differentiate the features of our semiconductors, and we do most of our own production in-house. This ability to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers. Our global sales force is larger than those of our competitors, and the breadth of our portfolio attracts tens of millions of visits to our website each year where customers often begin their initial product searches and design-in journey. These capabilities combine to provide us unique access to more than 100,000 customers. The attributes above result in diverse and long-lived positions that deliver high terminal value to our shareholders. Because of the breadth of our portfolio, we are not dependent on any single product, and because of the breadth of our markets, we are not dependent on any single application or customer. The combined effect of these attributes is that we have consistently grown free cash flow and gained market share in analog and embedded processing. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. In 2015, free cash flow, also a record, was 28.6 percent of revenue, up from 26.9 percent a year ago and consistent with our targeted range of 20-30 percent of revenue. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes, and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. The efficiency of our manufacturing strategy reflects the quality of our product portfolio. We recognize revenue from sales of our products when title and risk of loss pass, which usually occurs upon shipment or delivery to the customer or distributor. We continually monitor the actual claimed allowances against our estimates and adjust our estimates as appropriate to reflect trends in distributor revenue and inventory levels. We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability, and the amount of cash potentially available to return to investors, as well as insight into our financial performance. Our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets based on these criteria may change due to various factors, including changes in U.S. or international tax laws and changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods. We plan to contribute about $100 million in 2016 to our retirement benefit plans, but funding projections beyond 2016 are not practical to estimate due to the rules affecting tax-deductible contributions and the impact from the plans' asset performance, interest rates, and potential U.S. and non-U.S. legislation.