The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. In 2016, we will continue to align resources with customer demand, continue to improve network performance, and maintain our surge capability. Our capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.75 billion, which includes significant investments in technology improvements, including approximately $375 million for positive train control (PTC). We will also continue commercial investments in rail facilities and equipment, including 230 locomotives and 450 freight cars. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We believe free cash flow is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financings. We will continue to invest in our network and terminals where appropriate, balancing terminal capacity with mainline capacity. Our operating ratio improved 0.4 points to a new record low of 63.1% in 2015 compared to 2014, with core pricing gains, the impact of lower fuel prices, resource realignments, network efficiencies, and productivity gains more than offsetting the impact of lower volume and inflation. We will continue to use technology, risk assessment, quality control, training, and employee engagement in our safety initiatives. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is also dependent on our financial stability. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through any or all of the following sources or activities: increasing the size or utilization of our receivables securitization, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. We have identified 290 sites at which we are or may be liable for remediation costs associated with alleged contamination or for violations of environmental requirements. Our environmental liability activity includes future costs for remediation and restoration of sites, as well as ongoing monitoring costs. We will continue to explore opportunities to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment, including investments in new technologies, using training programs to reduce fuel consumption, and changing our operations to increase fuel efficiency. Our technology and other investments include significant amounts allocated for enhancing operational capabilities and improving service delivery.