We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We have maintained a substantial investment in research activities resulting in increases in research expenses, and we expect to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our corporate compliance program is designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. We are subject to various U.S. federal and state laws, and comparable foreign laws pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims statutes, and laws prohibiting the promotion of drugs for unapproved or off-label uses. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations, and we expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand these compliance programs globally. We recognize net product revenues from sales of our products upon delivery to our customers as long as there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists between us and our customer, and collectability is reasonably assured. We estimate our net product revenues by deducting from our gross product revenues trade allowances, estimated government and private payor rebates, chargebacks, discounts, and estimated reserves for expected product returns. We track available information regarding changes to the payor mix for our products, to our contractual terms with third-party payors, and to applicable governmental programs and regulations. We expect to begin receiving cash flows from sales of orkambi in Europe beginning in the first half of 2016. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the amount of future revenues generated by orkambi and kalydeco and the potential introduction of one or more of our other drug candidates to the market, the level of our business development activities, and the number, breadth, cost, and prospects of our research and development programs. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial targets. Our obligation to fund these efforts is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause the discontinuance of the programs. We believe that our application of technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding further organizational goals and enhances our IT capabilities, which are essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force.