The following discussion and analysis is based primarily on the consolidated financial statements of Welltower Inc. for the periods presented and should be read together with the notes thereto contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development, and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning, and monetizing real estate assets. To meet our objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship, and geographic location. Our proactive and comprehensive asset management process generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit, and other collateral. In monitoring our portfolio, our personnel use a proprietary database to collect and analyze property-specific data. Additionally, we conduct extensive research to ascertain industry trends. We evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. We believe that net income attributable to common stockholders is the most appropriate earnings measure. Other useful supplemental measures of our operating performance include funds from operations, net operating income from continuing operations, and same store cash net operating income. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. These indicators are discussed below and relate to operating performance, credit strength, and concentration risk. Management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions, and for budget planning purposes. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. New investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, internally generated cash, and the proceeds from investment dispositions. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. We expect attractive investment opportunities to remain available in the future as we continue to leverage the benefits of our relationship investment strategy. The increase in rental income is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of new properties and the conversion of newly constructed properties from which we receive rent. Our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the consumer price index and/or changes in the gross operating revenues of the tenant's properties. We recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. Our ability to grow may be adversely affected because the yield on new investments may increase at a slower rate than new borrowing costs. We believe that inflation will not impact the availability of equity and debt financing for us. Our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements. We plan to manage the company to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and with a capital structure consistent with our current profile.