Our company and others have recognized the value of the traditional waste stream as a potential resource. We believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers' waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more sustainable future. We plan to accomplish our strategic goals through competitive advantages derived from operational improvements and focused differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets. While we will continue to monitor emerging diversion technologies that may generate additional value, our current attention will be on improving existing diversion technologies, such as our recycling operations. In pursuit of these long-term goals, we recognize that we must grow the business, and do so as efficiently and cost-effectively as possible. We are focusing on traditional waste business, growth opportunities, and yield management while considering competitive dynamics. Our 2015 results were affected by the recognition of a pre-tax loss associated with the early extinguishment of almost $2 billion of our high-coupon senior notes through a make-whole redemption and cash tender offer. We replaced substantially all of the debt extinguished with new senior notes at significantly lower coupon interest rates, which will reduce future interest expense and extend the average maturity of our debt obligations. We generated strong earnings and cash flow growth from our solid waste business by continuing a disciplined focus on revenue growth and cost control. These results were driven by strong core pricing in each line of business; controlling costs of both our operations and corporate functions; improving customer experience by differentiating our service offerings to reduce customer churn; maintaining discipline around capital spending; and implementing a more rational and sustainable framework for recycling operations as an integrated component of solid waste services. We believe that continued execution of these objectives will translate into earnings and cash flow growth, leaving us well positioned to continue investing in our business, pay dividends and repurchase shares, while continuing our commitment to maintain a strong balance sheet. We are committed to providing our shareholders with a return on their investment through dividend payments, and we have also returned value to our shareholders through share repurchases. Our spending on acquisitions was primarily related to our solid waste business, and we continue to focus on accretive acquisitions and growth opportunities that will enhance and expand our existing service offerings. We also recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The assessment of impairment indicators and the recoverability of our capitalized costs associated with landfills and related expansion projects require significant judgment due to the unique nature of the waste industry, the highly regulated permitting process, and the sensitive estimates involved. We continually focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that include optimizing the placement of daily cover materials and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations, and training.