We are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting North America's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas, NGLs, and olefins. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and investing in growing markets, including the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Marcellus shale, the Gulf Coast region, and areas of increasing natural gas demand. Our strategy remains intact, and we continue to execute on infrastructure projects that serve long-term natural gas needs. We anticipate our operating results will reflect increases from our fee-based businesses primarily as a result of Transco projects placed in service in 2015 and those anticipated to be placed in service in 2016. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2016 are expected to total $2.2 billion, which is a $1.5 billion reduction from our previous plans. Approximately $1.3 billion of our growth capital funding needs include Transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects, most of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our internal and external sources of consolidated liquidity to fund working capital requirements, capital and investment expenditures, debt service payments, dividends and distributions, and tax payments include cash generated from operations, including cash distributions from WPZ and our equity-method investees based on our level of ownership and incentive distribution rights. We have various other guarantees and commitments which we do not believe will prevent us from meeting our liquidity needs. We evaluate our property, plant, and equipment and other identifiable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in our judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. When an indicator of impairment has occurred, we compare our estimate of undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the assets to the carrying value of the assets to determine whether an impairment has occurred. We have determined that we have net assets that are technically considered restricted in accordance with Rule 4-08(e) of Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission in excess of 25 percent of our consolidated net assets. Our operations are subject to regulation, which limits recovery to historical cost. We anticipate being allowed to recover and earn a return based on increased actual cost incurred to replace existing assets. We are monitoring the implementation of new regulations that may impact our operations and increase the cost of additions to property, plant, and equipment for both new and existing facilities in affected areas. We expect to pay approximately $7 million in 2016 for cleanup and/or remediation and monitoring activities. Our expected growth capital and investment expenditures total approximately $2.2 billion in 2016, reflecting a disciplined investment approach. We have observed further significant declines in the market value of WPZ, which may require evaluating our remaining goodwill for potential impairment in the future. We continue to address risks through maintaining a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as through managing a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key markets and basins in North America.