item 1a.    risk factors in addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations (including revenues and profitability) and/or stock price. our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that may broadly affect companies, including us. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or stock price.
our results of operations could be adversely affected by volatile, negative or uncertain economic and political conditions and the effects of these conditions on our clients' businesses and levels of business activity.
global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions affect our clients' businesses and the markets they serve. volatile, negative or uncertain economic and political conditions in our significant markets have undermined and could in the future undermine business confidence in our significant markets or in other markets, which are increasingly interdependent, and cause our clients to reduce or defer their spending on new initiatives and technologies, or may result in clients reducing, delaying or eliminating spending under existing contracts with us, which would negatively affect our business. growth in the markets we serve could be at a slow rate, or could stagnate or contract, in each case, for an extended period of time. differing economic conditions and patterns of economic growth and contraction in the geographical regions in which we operate and the industries we serve have affected and may in the future affect demand for our services and solutions. because we operate globally and have significant businesses in many markets, an economic slowdown in any of those markets could adversely affect our results of operations.
ongoing economic and political volatility and uncertainty and changing demand patterns affect our business in a number of other ways, including making it more difficult to accurately forecast client demand and effectively build our revenue and resource plans, particularly in consulting. economic and political volatility and uncertainty is particularly challenging because it may take some time for the effects and changes in demand patterns resulting from these and other factors to manifest themselves in our business and results of operations. changing demand patterns from economic and political volatility and uncertainty, including as a result of the united kingdom referendum in favor of exiting the european union, changes in global trade policies, trade disputes and trends such as populism and economic nationalism and their impact on us, our clients and the industries we serve, could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations.
our business depends on generating and maintaining ongoing, profitable client demand for our services and solutions, including through the adaptation and expansion of our services and solutions in response to ongoing changes in technology and offerings, and a significant reduction in such demand or an inability to respond to the evolving technological environment could materially affect our results of operations.
our revenue and profitability depend on the demand for our services and solutions with favorable margins, which could be negatively affected by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control and unrelated to our work product. as described above, volatile, negative or uncertain global economic and political conditions and lower growth in the markets we serve have adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect client demand for our services and solutions. our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to develop and implement services and solutions that anticipate and respond to rapid and continuing changes in technology and offerings to serve the evolving needs of our clients. examples of areas of significant change include digital-, cloud- and security-related offerings, which are continually evolving, as well as developments in areas such as artificial intelligence, augmented reality, automation, blockchain, internet of things, quantum computing and as-a-service solutions. technological developments may materially affect the cost and use of technology by our clients and, in the case of as-a-service solutions, could affect the nature of how we generate revenue. some of these technologies have reduced and replaced some of our historical services and solutions and may continue to do so in the future. this has caused, and may in the future cause, clients to delay spending under existing contracts and engagements and to delay entering into new contracts while they evaluate new technologies. such delays can negatively impact our results of operations if the pace and level of spending on new technologies is not sufficient to make up any shortfall.
developments in the industries we serve, which may be rapid, also could shift demand to new services and solutions. if, as a result of new technologies or changes in the industries we serve, our clients demand new services and solutions, we may be less competitive in these new areas or need to make significant investment to meet that demand. our growth strategy focuses on responding to these types of developments by driving innovation that will enable us to expand our business into new growth areas. if we do not sufficiently invest in new technology and adapt to industry developments, or evolve and expand our business at sufficient speed and scale, or if we do not make the right strategic investments to respond to these developments and successfully drive innovation, our services and solutions, our results of operations, and our ability to develop and maintain a competitive advantage and to execute on our growth strategy could be negatively affected.
we operate in a rapidly evolving environment in which there currently are, and we expect will continue to be, new technology entrants. new services or technologies offered by competitors or new entrants may make our offerings less differentiated or less competitive when compared to other alternatives, which may adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, companies in the industries we serve sometimes seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. if one of our current clients merges or consolidates with a company that relies on another provider for the services and solutions we offer, we may lose work from that client or lose the opportunity to gain additional work if we are not successful in generating new opportunities from the merger or consolidation. in a particular operating group, business, industry or geography, a small number of clients have contributed, or may, in the future contribute, a significant portion of the revenues of such operating group, business, industry or geography, and any decision by such a client to delay, reduce, or eliminate spending on our services and solutions could have a disproportionate impact on the results of operations in the relevant operating group, business, industry and/or geography.
many of our consulting contracts are less than 12 months in duration, and these contracts typically permit a client to terminate the agreement with as little as 30 days' notice. longer-term, larger and more complex contracts, such as the majority of our outsourcing contracts, generally require a longer notice period for termination and often include an early termination charge to be paid to us, but this charge might not be sufficient to cover our costs or make up for anticipated ongoing revenues and profits lost upon termination of the contract. many of our contracts allow clients to terminate, delay, reduce or eliminate spending on the services and solutions we provide. additionally, a client could choose not to retain us for additional stages of a project, try to renegotiate the terms of its contract or cancel or delay additional planned work. when contracts are terminated or not renewed, we lose the anticipated revenues, and it may take significant time to replace the level of revenues lost. consequently, our results of operations in subsequent periods could be materially lower than expected. the specific business or financial condition of a client, changes in management and changes in a client's strategy are also all factors that can result in terminations, cancellations or delays.
if we are unable to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with client demand around the world and attract and retain professionals with strong leadership skills, our business, the utilization rate of our professionals and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
our success is dependent, in large part, on our ability to keep our supply of market-leading skills and capabilities in balance with client demand around the world and our ability to attract and retain personnel with the knowledge and skills to lead our business globally. we must hire or reskill, retain and motivate appropriate numbers of talented people with diverse skills in order to serve clients across the globe, respond quickly to rapid and ongoing changes in technology, industry and the macroeconomic environment, and continuously innovate to grow our business. for example, if we are unable to hire or retrain our employees to keep pace with the rapid and continuous changes in technology and the industries we serve or changes in the types of services and solutions clients are demanding, we may not be able to innovate and deliver new services and solutions to fulfill client demand. there is intense competition for scarce talent with market-leading skills and capabilities in new technologies, and our competitors have directly targeted our employees with these highly sought-after skills and may continue to do so. as a result, we may be unable to cost-effectively hire and retain employees with these market-leading skills, which may cause us to incur increased costs, or be unable to fulfill client demand for our services and solutions.
we are particularly dependent on retaining members of accenture leadership with critical capabilities. if we are unable to do so, our ability to innovate, generate new business opportunities and effectively lead large and complex transformations and client relationships could be jeopardized. we depend on identifying, developing and retaining top talent to innovate and lead our businesses. this includes developing talent and leadership capabilities in emerging markets, where the depth of skilled employees may be limited, and competition for these resources is intense. our ability to expand in our key markets depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, develop, retain and integrate both leaders for the local business and people with critical capabilities.
similarly, our profitability depends on our ability to effectively source and staff people with the right mix of skills and experience to perform services for our clients, including our ability to transition employees to new assignments on a timely basis. if we are unable to effectively deploy our employees globally on a timely basis to fulfill the needs of our clients, our profitability could suffer. if the utilization rate of our professionals is too high, it could have an adverse effect on employee engagement and attrition, the quality of the work performed as well as our ability to staff projects. if our utilization rate is too low, our profitability and the engagement of our employees could suffer. the costs associated with recruiting and training employees are significant. an important element of our global business model is the deployment of our employees around the world, which allows us to move talent as needed. therefore, if we are not able to deploy the talent we need because of increased regulation of immigration or work visas, including limitations placed on the number of visas granted, limitations on the type of work performed or location in which the work can be performed, and new or higher minimum salary requirements, it could be more difficult to staff our employees on client engagements and could increase our costs.
our equity-based incentive compensation plans are designed to reward high-performing individuals for their contributions and provide incentives for them to remain with us. if the anticipated value of such incentives does not materialize because of volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price, or if our total compensation package is not viewed as being competitive, our ability to attract and retain the personnel we need could be adversely affected. in addition, if we do not obtain the shareholder approval needed to continue granting equity awards under our share plans in the amounts we believe are necessary, our ability to attract and retain personnel could be negatively affected.
there is a risk that at certain points in time, and in certain geographical regions, we will find it difficult to hire and retain a sufficient number of employees with the skills or backgrounds to meet current and/or future demand. in these cases, we might need to redeploy existing personnel or increase our reliance on subcontractors to fill certain labor needs, and if not done effectively, our profitability could be negatively impacted. additionally, if demand for our services and solutions were to escalate at a high rate, we may need to adjust our compensation practices, which could put upward pressure on our costs and adversely affect our profitability if we are unable to recover these increased costs. at certain times, however, we may also have more personnel than we need in certain skill sets or geographies or at compensation levels that are not aligned with skill sets. in these situations, we have engaged, and may in the future engage, in actions to rebalance our resources, including reducing the rate of new hires and increasing involuntary terminations as a means to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with client demand. if we are not successful in these initiatives, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
we could face legal, reputational and financial risks if we fail to protect client and/or accenture data from security breaches or cyberattacks.
we are dependent on information technology networks and systems to securely process, transmit and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our people, clients, alliance partners and vendors. as the breadth and complexity of this infrastructure continues to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile technologies, social media and cloud-based services, the risk of security breaches and cyberattacks increases. such breaches could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of or damage to our systems and those of our clients, alliance partners and vendors, and unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, including personal data. in the past, we have experienced data security breaches resulting from unauthorized access to our and our service providers' systems, which to date have not had a material impact on our operations; however, there is no assurance that such impacts will not be material in the future.
in providing services and solutions to clients, we often manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or accenture data, including personal data, and we expect these activities to increase, including through the use of artificial intelligence, the internet of things and analytics. unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or accenture data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud, misappropriation, or other intentional or unintentional acts, could damage our reputation, cause us to lose clients and could result in significant financial exposure. similarly, unauthorized access to or through our or our service providers' information systems or those we develop for our clients, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers, hackers, members of organized crime and/or state-sponsored organizations, who continuously develop and deploy viruses, ransomware or other malicious software programs or social engineering attacks, could result in negative publicity, significant remediation costs, legal liability, damage to our reputation and government sanctions and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. cybersecurity threats are constantly expanding and evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of detecting and defending against them and maintaining effective security measures and protocols.
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), various u.s. federal and state laws governing the protection of health or other personally identifiable information and data privacy and cybersecurity laws in other regions. these laws and regulations continue to evolve, are increasing in complexity and number and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us. the gdpr imposes new compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data and has significantly increased financial penalties for noncompliance. for example, failure to comply with the gdpr may lead to regulatory enforcement actions, which can result in monetary penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue, orders to discontinue certain data processing operations, private lawsuits, or reputational damage. if any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or accenture data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. these monetary damages might not be subject to a contractual limit of liability or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages and could be significant. in addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, might not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we might not be able to compete effectively.
the markets in which we offer our services and solutions are highly competitive. our competitors include:
•   large multinational providers, including the services arms of large global technology providers, that offer some or all of the services and solutions that we do;
•   off-shore service providers in lower-cost locations, particularly in india, that offer services globally that are similar to the services and solutions we offer;
•   accounting firms that provide consulting and other services and solutions in areas that compete with us;
•   solution or service providers that compete with us in a specific geographic market, industry segment or service area, including digital and advertising agencies and emerging start-ups and other companies that can scale rapidly to focus on or disrupt certain markets and provide new or alternative products, services or delivery models; and
•   in-house departments of large corporations that use their own resources, rather than engage an outside firm for the types of services and solutions we provide.
some competitors may have greater financial, marketing or other resources than we do and, therefore, may be better able to compete for new work and skilled professionals, may be able to innovate and provide new services and solutions faster than we can or may be able to anticipate the need for services and solutions before we do.
even if we have potential offerings that address marketplace or client needs, competitors may be more successful at selling similar services they offer, including to companies that are our clients. some competitors are more established in certain markets, and that may make executing our growth strategy to expand in these markets more challenging. additionally, competitors may also offer more aggressive contractual terms, which may affect our ability to win work. our future performance is largely dependent on our ability to compete successfully and expand in the markets we currently serve. if we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose market share and clients to competitors, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, we may face greater competition due to consolidation of companies in the technology sector through strategic mergers or acquisitions. consolidation activity may result in new competitors with greater scale, a broader footprint or offerings that are more attractive than ours. over time, our access to certain technology products and services may be reduced as a result of this consolidation. the technology companies described above, including many of our alliance partners, are increasingly able to offer services related to their software, platform and other solutions, or are developing software, platform and other solutions that require integration services to a lesser extent. these more integrated services and solutions may represent more attractive alternatives to clients than some of our services and solutions, which may materially adversely affect our competitive position and our results of operations.
changes in our level of taxes, as well as audits, investigations and tax proceedings, or changes in tax laws or in their interpretation or enforcement, could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
we are subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions. we calculate and provide for taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. tax accounting often involves complex matters and requires our judgment to determine our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. we are subject to ongoing audits, investigations and tax proceedings in various jurisdictions. tax authorities have disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with our judgments, and are taking increasingly aggressive positions opposing the judgments we make, including with respect to our intercompany transactions. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of our audits, investigations and tax proceedings to determine the appropriateness of our tax liabilities. however, our judgments might not be sustained as a result of these audits, investigations and tax proceedings, and the amounts ultimately paid could be materially different from the amounts previously recorded.
in addition, our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by challenges to our intercompany transactions, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax laws or in their interpretation or enforcement, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, the expiration of current tax benefits and changes in accounting principles, including the u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change materially as a result of shifting economic conditions and tax policies. in addition, changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, have become more unpredictable and may become more stringent, which could materially adversely affect our tax position.
a number of countries where we do business, including the united states and many countries in the european union, have implemented, and are considering implementing, changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations. for example, in december 2017, the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), which significantly changed u.s. tax law. the tax act's "base erosion and anti-abuse tax" provisions, and regulations issued thereunder, adversely impact our effective tax rate by limiting our ability to deduct certain expenses.
the overall tax environment has made it increasingly challenging for multinational corporations to operate with certainty about taxation in many jurisdictions. for example, the european commission has been conducting investigations, focusing on whether local country tax rulings or tax legislation provide preferential tax treatment that violates european union state aid rules. furthermore, the organization for economic co-operation and development ("oecd"), which represents a coalition of member countries, is supporting changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits among affiliated entities located in different tax jurisdictions. the changes recommended by the oecd have been or are being adopted by many of the countries in which we do business. in addition, the european commission has expanded upon the oecd guidelines with anti-tax avoidance directives to be applied by its member states. among other things, the directives require companies to provide increased country-by-country disclosure of their financial information to tax authorities, which in turn could lead to disagreements by jurisdictions over the proper allocation of profits between them. in connection with the oecd's base erosion and profit shifting project, the oecd has undertaken a new project focused on "addressing the tax challenges of the digitalization of the economy." this project may impact all multinational businesses by implementing a global model for minimum taxation. additionally, the european commission and some foreign jurisdictions have introduced proposals to impose a separate tax on specified digital service activity. there is significant uncertainty regarding such proposals. the increasingly complex global tax environment, and any unfavorable resolution of these uncertainties, could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
although we expect to be able to rely on the tax treaty between the united states and ireland, legislative or diplomatic action could be taken, or the treaty may be amended in such a way, that would prevent us from being able to rely on such treaty. our inability to rely on the treaty would subject us to increased taxation or significant additional expense. in addition, congressional proposals could change the definition of a u.s. person for u.s. federal income tax purposes, which could also subject us to increased taxation. in addition, we could be materially adversely affected by future changes in tax law or policy (or in their interpretation or enforcement) in ireland or other jurisdictions where we operate, including their treaties with ireland or the united states. these changes could be exacerbated by economic, budget or other challenges facing ireland or these other jurisdictions.
our profitability could materially suffer if we are unable to obtain favorable pricing for our services and solutions, if we are unable to remain competitive, if our cost-management strategies are unsuccessful or if we experience delivery inefficiencies.
our profitability is highly dependent on a variety of factors and could be materially impacted by any of the following:
our results of operations could materially suffer if we are not able to obtain sufficient pricing to meet our profitability expectations. if we are not able to obtain favorable pricing for our services and solutions, our revenues and profitability could materially suffer. the rates we are able to charge for our services and solutions are affected by a number of factors, including:
•   general economic and political conditions;
•   our clients' desire to reduce their costs;
•   the competitive environment in our industry;
•   our ability to accurately estimate our service delivery costs, upon which our pricing is sometimes determined, includes our ability to estimate the impact of inflation and foreign exchange on our service delivery costs over long-term contracts; and
•   the procurement practices of clients and their use of third-party advisors.
our profitability could suffer if we are not able to remain competitive. the competitive environment in our industry affects our ability to secure new contracts at our target economics in a number of ways, any of which could have a material negative impact on our results of operations. the less we are able to differentiate our services and solutions and/or clearly convey the value of our services and solutions, the more risk we have in winning new work in sufficient volumes and at our target pricing and overall economics. in addition, the introduction of new services or products by competitors could reduce our ability to obtain favorable pricing and impact our overall economics for the services or solutions we offer. competitors may be willing, at times, to price contracts lower than us in an effort to enter the market or increase market share.
our profitability could suffer if our cost-management strategies are unsuccessful, and we may not be able to improve our profitability. our ability to improve or maintain our profitability is dependent on our being able to successfully manage our costs, including taking actions to reduce certain costs. our cost management strategies include maintaining appropriate alignment between the demand for our services and solutions and the workforce needed to deliver them. if we are not effective in managing our operating costs in response to changes in demand or pricing, or if we are unable to cost-effectively hire and retain personnel with the knowledge and skills necessary to deliver our services and solutions, particularly in areas of new technologies and offerings and in the right geographic locations, we may incur increased costs, which could reduce our ability to continue to invest in our business in an amount necessary to achieve our planned rates of growth and our desired levels of profitability.
if we do not accurately anticipate the cost, risk and complexity of performing our work or if third parties upon whom we rely do not meet their commitments, then our contracts could have delivery inefficiencies and be less profitable than expected or unprofitable. our contract profitability is highly dependent on our forecasts regarding the effort and cost necessary to deliver our services and solutions, which are based on available data and could turn out to be materially inaccurate. if we do not accurately estimate the effort, costs or timing for meeting our contractual commitments and/or completing engagements to a client's satisfaction, our contracts could yield lower profit margins than planned or be unprofitable. similarly, if we experience unanticipated delivery difficulties due to our management, the failure of third parties or our clients to meet their commitments, or for any other reason, our contracts could yield lower profit margins than planned or be unprofitable. in particular, large and complex arrangements often require that we utilize subcontractors or that our services and solutions incorporate or coordinate with the software, systems or infrastructure requirements of other vendors and service providers, including companies with which we have alliances. our profitability depends on the ability of these subcontractors, vendors and service providers to deliver their products and services in a timely manner and in accordance with the project requirements, as well as on our effective oversight of their performance. in some cases, these subcontractors are small firms, and they might not have the resources or experience to successfully integrate their services or products with large-scale engagements or enterprises. some of this work involves new technologies, which may not work as intended or may take more effort to implement than initially predicted. in addition, certain client work requires the use of unique and complex structures and alliances, some of which require us to assume responsibility for the performance of third parties whom we do not control. any of these factors could adversely affect our ability to perform and subject us to additional liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with clients and on our results of operations.
our results of operations could be materially adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
although we report our results of operations in u.s. dollars, a majority of our revenues is denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had an adverse effect, and could in the future have a material adverse effect, on our results of operations.
because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenues, expenses and income, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. therefore, changes in the value of the u.s. dollar against other currencies will affect our revenues, operating income and the value of balance-sheet items, including intercompany payables and receivables, originally denominated in other currencies. these changes cause our growth stated in u.s. dollars to be higher or lower than our growth in local currency when compared against other periods. our currency hedging programs, which are designed to partially offset the impact on consolidated earnings related to the changes in value of certain balance sheet items, might not be successful. additionally, some transactions and balances may be denominated in currencies for which there is no available market to hedge.
as we continue to leverage our global delivery model, more of our expenses are incurred in currencies other than those in which we bill for the related services. an increase in the value of certain currencies, such as the indian rupee or philippine peso, against the currencies in which our revenue is recorded could increase costs for delivery of services at off-shore sites by increasing labor and other costs that are denominated in local currency. our contractual provisions or cost management efforts might not be able to offset their impact, and our currency hedging activities, which are designed to partially offset this impact, might not be successful. this could result in a decrease in the profitability of our contracts that are utilizing delivery center resources. in addition, our currency hedging activities are themselves subject to risk. these include risks related to counterparty performance under hedging contracts, risks related to ineffective hedges and risks related to currency fluctuations. we also face risks that extreme economic conditions, political instability, or hostilities or disasters of the type described below could impact or perhaps eliminate the underlying exposures that we are hedging. such an event could lead to losses being recognized on the currency hedges then in place that are not offset by anticipated changes in the underlying hedge exposure.
as a result of our geographically diverse operations and our growth strategy to continue to expand in our key markets around the world, we are more susceptible to certain risks.
we have offices and operations in more than 200 cities in 51 countries around the world. one aspect of our growth strategy is to continue to expand in our key markets around the world. our growth strategy might not be successful. if we are unable to manage the risks of our global operations and growth strategy, including the concentration of our global delivery capability in india and the philippines, international hostilities, terrorist activities, natural disasters and security or data breaches, failure to maintain compliance with our clients' control requirements and multiple legal and regulatory systems, our results of operations and ability to grow could be materially adversely affected. in addition, emerging markets generally involve greater financial and operational risks, such as those described below, than our more mature markets. negative or uncertain political climates in countries or geographies where we operate could also adversely affect us.
our global delivery capability is concentrated in india and the philippines, which may expose us to operational risks. our business model is dependent on our global delivery capability, which includes accenture personnel based at more than 50 delivery centers around the world. while these delivery centers are located throughout the world, we have based large portions of our delivery capability in india, where we have the largest number of people located in our delivery centers, and the philippines, where we have the second largest number of people located. concentrating our global delivery capability in these locations presents a number of operational risks, including those listed in the following paragraph, many of which are beyond our control. our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be effective, particularly if catastrophic events occur. if any of these circumstances occurs, we have a greater risk that interruptions in communications with our clients and other accenture locations and personnel, and any down-time in important processes we operate for clients, could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our reputation in the marketplace.
international hostilities, terrorist activities, natural disasters, pandemics and infrastructure disruptions could prevent us from effectively serving our clients and thus adversely affect our results of operations. acts of terrorist violence; political unrest; regional and international hostilities and international responses to these hostilities; natural disasters, volcanic eruptions, sea level rise, floods, droughts and the increasing frequency and severity of adverse weather conditions; health emergencies or pandemics or the threat of or perceived potential for these events; and other acts of god could have a negative impact on us. these events could adversely affect our clients' levels of business activity and precipitate sudden and significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. these events also pose significant risks to our people and to physical facilities and operations around the world, whether the facilities are ours or those of our alliance partners, suppliers or clients. by disrupting communications and travel and increasing the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly skilled and qualified personnel, these types of events impact our ability to deliver our services and solutions to our clients. extended disruptions of electricity, other public utilities or network services at our facilities, as well as physical infrastructure damage to, system failures at, cyberattacks on, or security breaches in, our facilities or systems, could also adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and serve our clients. we might be unable to protect our people, facilities and systems against all such occurrences. we generally do not have insurance for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist attacks, conflicts and wars. if these disruptions prevent us from effectively serving our clients, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
we could be subject to strict restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies. in some countries, we could be subject to strict restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies, which would limit our ability to use this cash across our global operations and expose us to more extreme currency fluctuations. this risk could increase as we continue to expand in our key markets around the world, which include emerging markets that are more likely to impose these restrictions than more established markets.
our global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements, and violation of these regulations could harm our business. we are subject to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, legal regimes on matters as diverse as anticorruption, import/export controls, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, immigration, internal and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation, anti-competition, anti-money-laundering, data privacy and protection, government compliance, wage-and-hour standards, and employment and labor relations. the global nature of our operations, including emerging markets where legal systems may be less developed or understood by us, and the diverse nature of our operations across a number of regulated industries, further increase the difficulty of compliance. compliance with diverse legal requirements is costly, time-consuming and requires significant resources. violations of one or more of these regulations in the conduct of our business could result in significant fines, enforcement actions or criminal sanctions against us and/or our employees, prohibitions on doing business and damage to our reputation. violations of these regulations in connection with the performance of our obligations to our clients also could result in liability for significant monetary damages, fines, enforcement actions and/or criminal prosecution or sanctions, unfavorable publicity and other reputational damage and restrictions on our ability to effectively carry out our contractual obligations and thereby expose us to potential claims from our clients. due to the varying degrees of development of the legal systems of the countries in which we operate, local laws may not be well developed or provide sufficiently clear guidance and may be insufficient to protect our rights.
in particular, in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate and/or seek to expand, practices in the local business community might not conform to international business standards and could violate anticorruption laws, or regulations, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the uk bribery act 2010. our employees, subcontractors, vendors, agents, alliance or joint venture partners, the companies we acquire and their employees, subcontractors, vendors and agents, and other third parties with which we associate, could take actions that violate policies or procedures designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance or applicable anticorruption laws or regulations. violations of these laws or regulations by us, our employees or any of these third parties could subject us to criminal or civil enforcement actions (whether or not we participated or knew about the actions leading to the violations), including fines or penalties, disgorgement of profits and suspension or disqualification from work, including u.s. federal contracting, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, including our results of operations and our reputation.
changes in laws and regulations could also mandate significant and costly changes to the way we implement our services and solutions or could impose additional taxes on our services and solutions. for example, changes in laws and regulations to limit using off-shore resources in connection with our work or to penalize companies that use off-shore resources, which have been proposed from time to time in various jurisdictions, could adversely affect our results of operations. such changes may result in contracts being terminated or work being transferred on-shore, resulting in greater costs to us. in addition, these changes could have a negative impact on our ability to obtain future work from government clients.
our business could be materially adversely affected if we incur legal liability.
we are subject to, and may become a party to, a variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving current and former employees, clients, alliance partners, subcontractors, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. regardless of the merits of the claims, the cost to defend current and future litigation may be significant, and such matters can be time-consuming and divert management's attention and resources. the results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result in materially adverse monetary damages, fines, penalties or injunctive relief against us. any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or to obtain adequate insurance in the future.
we could be subject to significant legal liability and litigation expense if we fail to meet our contractual obligations, contribute to internal control or other deficiencies of a client or otherwise breach obligations to third parties, including clients, alliance partners, employees and former employees, and other parties with whom we conduct business, or if our subcontractors breach or dispute the terms of our agreements with them and impede our ability to meet our obligations to our clients. for example, by taking over the operation of certain portions of our clients' businesses, including functions and systems that are critical to the core businesses of our clients, we may be exposed to additional and evolving operational, regulatory, reputational or other risks specific to these areas, including risks related to data security. a failure of a client's system based on our services or solutions could also subject us to a claim for significant damages that could materially adversely affect our results of operations. we may enter into agreements with non-standard terms because we perceive an important economic opportunity or because our personnel did not adequately follow our contracting guidelines. in addition, the contracting practices of competitors, along with the demands of increasingly sophisticated clients, may cause contract terms and conditions that are unfavorable to us to become new standards in the industry. we may find ourselves committed to providing services or solutions that we are unable to deliver or whose delivery will reduce our profitability or cause us financial loss. if we cannot or do not meet our contractual obligations and if our potential liability is not adequately limited through the terms of our agreements, liability limitations are not enforced or a third party alleges fraud or other wrongdoing to prevent us from relying upon those contractual protections, we might face significant legal liability and litigation expense and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. in addition, as we expand our services and solutions into new areas, we may be exposed to additional and evolving risks specific to these new areas.
while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if they prevail, the amount of our recovery.
our work with government clients exposes us to additional risks inherent in the government contracting environment.
our clients include national, provincial, state and local governmental entities. our government work carries various risks inherent in the government contracting process. these risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   government entities, particularly in the united states, often reserve the right to audit our contract costs and conduct inquiries and investigations of our business practices and compliance with government contract requirements. u.s. government agencies, including the defense contract audit agency, routinely audit our contract costs, including allocated indirect costs, for compliance with the cost accounting standards and the federal acquisition regulation. these agencies also conduct reviews and investigations and make inquiries regarding our accounting, information technology and other systems in connection with our performance and business practices with respect to our government contracts. negative findings from existing and future audits, investigations or inquiries, or failure to comply with applicable it security requirements, could affect our future sales and profitability by preventing us, by operation of law or in practice, from receiving new government contracts for some period of time. in addition, if the u.s. government concludes that certain costs are not reimbursable, have not been properly determined or are based on outdated estimates of our work, then we will not be allowed to bill for such costs, may have to refund money that has already been paid to us or could be required to retroactively and prospectively adjust previously agreed to billing or pricing rates for our work. negative findings from existing and future audits of our business systems, including our accounting system, may result in the u.s. government preventing us from billing, at least temporarily, a percentage of our costs. as a result of prior negative findings in connection with audits, investigations and inquiries, we have from time to time experienced some of the adverse consequences described above and may in the future experience further adverse consequences, which could materially adversely affect our future results of operations.
•   if a government client discovers improper or illegal activities in the course of audits or investigations, we may become subject to various civil and criminal penalties, including those under the civil u.s. false claims act, and administrative sanctions, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing business with other agencies of that government. the inherent limitations of internal controls may not prevent or detect all improper or illegal activities.
•   u.s. government contracting regulations impose strict compliance and disclosure obligations. disclosure is required if certain company personnel have knowledge of "credible evidence" of a violation of federal criminal laws involving fraud, conflict of interest, bribery or improper gratuity, a violation of the civil u.s. false claims act or receipt of a significant overpayment from the government. failure to make required disclosures could be a basis for suspension and/or debarment from federal government contracting in addition to breach of the specific contract and could also impact contracting beyond the u.s. federal level. reported matters also could lead to audits or investigations and other civil, criminal or administrative sanctions.
•   government contracts are subject to heightened reputational and contractual risks compared to contracts with commercial clients. for example, government contracts and the proceedings surrounding them are often subject to more extensive scrutiny and publicity. negative publicity, including an allegation of improper or illegal activity, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely affect our reputation.
•   terms and conditions of government contracts also tend to be more onerous and are often more difficult to negotiate. for example, these contracts often contain high or unlimited liability for breaches and feature less favorable payment terms and sometimes require us to take on liability for the performance of third parties.
•   government entities typically fund projects through appropriated monies. while these projects are often planned and executed as multi-year projects, government entities usually reserve the right to change the scope of or terminate these projects for lack of approved funding and/or at their convenience. changes in government or political developments, including budget deficits, shortfalls or uncertainties, government spending reductions or other debt constraints could result in our projects being reduced in price or scope or terminated altogether, which also could limit our recovery of incurred costs, reimbursable expenses and profits on work completed prior to the termination. furthermore, if insufficient funding is appropriated to the government entity to cover termination costs, we may not be able to fully recover our investments.
•   political and economic factors such as pending elections, the outcome of recent elections, changes in leadership among key executive or legislative decision makers, revisions to governmental tax or other policies and reduced tax revenues can affect the number and terms of new government contracts signed or the speed at which new contracts are signed, decrease future levels of spending and authorizations for programs that we bid, shift spending priorities to programs in areas for which we do not provide services and/or lead to changes in enforcement or how compliance with relevant rules or laws is assessed.
•   our ability to work for the u.s. government is impacted by the fact that we are an irish company. we elected to enter into a proxy agreement with the u.s. department of defense that enhances the ability of our u.s. federal government contracting subsidiary to perform certain work for the u.s. government. the proxy agreement regulates the management and operation of, and limits the control we can exercise over, this subsidiary. in addition, legislative and executive proposals remain under consideration or could be proposed in the future, which, if enacted, could place additional limitations on or even prohibit our eligibility to be awarded state or federal government contracts in the united states or could include requirements that would otherwise affect our results of operations. various u.s. federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced and/or enacted in recent years that deny government contracts to certain u.s. companies that reincorporate or have reincorporated outside the united states. while accenture was not a u.s. company that reincorporated outside the united states, it is possible that these contract bans and other legislative proposals could be applied in a way that negatively affects accenture.
the occurrences or conditions described above could affect not only our business with the particular government entities involved, but also our business with other entities of the same or other governmental bodies or with certain commercial clients, and could have a material adverse effect on our business or our results of operations.
if we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our size, we might be unable to achieve our business objectives.
as of august 31, 2019, we had approximately 492,000 employees worldwide. our size and scale present significant management and organizational challenges. it might become increasingly difficult to maintain effective standards across a large enterprise and effectively institutionalize our knowledge. it might also become more difficult to maintain our culture, effectively manage and monitor our personnel and operations and effectively communicate our core values, policies and procedures, strategies and goals, particularly given our world-wide operations. the size and scope of our operations increase the possibility that we will have employees who engage in unlawful or fraudulent activity, or otherwise expose us to unacceptable business risks, despite our efforts to train them and maintain internal controls to prevent such instances. for example, employee misconduct could involve the improper use of our clients' sensitive or confidential information or the failure to comply with legislation or regulations regarding the protection of sensitive or confidential information. furthermore, the inappropriate use of social networking sites by our employees could result in breaches of confidentiality, unauthorized disclosure of non-public company information or damage to our reputation. if we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our enterprise and instill our culture and core values into all of our employees, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. in addition, from time to time, we have made, and may continue to make, changes to our operating model, including how we are organized, as the needs and size of our business change, and if we do not successfully implement the changes, our business and results of operation may be negatively impacted.
our ability to attract and retain business and employees may depend on our reputation in the marketplace.
we believe the accenture brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services and solutions from those of competitors and also contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees. however, our corporate reputation is potentially susceptible to material damage by events such as disputes with clients, cybersecurity breaches or service outages, internal control deficiencies, delivery failures, compliance violations, government investigations or legal proceedings. we may also experience reputational damage from employees, advocacy groups and other stakeholders that disagree with the services and solutions that we offer or the clients that we serve. similarly, our reputation could be damaged by actions or statements of current or former clients, directors, employees, competitors, vendors, alliance partners, joint venture partners, adversaries in legal proceedings, legislators or government regulators, as well as members of the investment community or the media, including social media influencers. there is a risk that negative or inaccurate information about accenture, even if based on rumor or misunderstanding, could adversely affect our business. damage to our reputation could be difficult, expensive and time-consuming to repair, could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the accenture brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us, materially adversely affecting our share price.
if we do not successfully manage and develop our relationships with key alliance partners or if we fail to anticipate and establish new alliances in new technologies, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
we have alliances with companies whose capabilities complement our own. a very significant portion of our revenue and services and solutions are based on technology or software provided by a few major alliance partners. see "business-alliances."
the business that we conduct through these alliances could decrease or fail to grow for a variety of reasons. the priorities and objectives of our alliance partners may differ from ours, and our alliance partners are not prohibited from competing with us or forming closer or preferred arrangements with our competitors. in addition, some of our alliance partners are also large clients or suppliers of technology to us. the decisions we make vis-à-vis an alliance partner may impact our ongoing alliance relationship. in addition, our alliance partners could experience reduced demand for their technology or software, including, for example, in response to changes in technology, which could lessen related demand for our services and solutions.
we must anticipate and respond to continuous changes in technology and develop alliance relationships with new providers of relevant technology. we must secure meaningful alliances with these providers early in their life cycle so that we can develop the right number of certified people with skills in new technologies. if we are unable to maintain our relationships with current partners and identify new and emerging providers of relevant technology to expand our network of alliance partners, we may not be able to differentiate our services or compete effectively in the market.
if we do not obtain the expected benefits from our alliance relationships for any reason, we may be less competitive, our ability to offer attractive solutions to our clients may be negatively affected, and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
we might not be successful at acquiring, investing in or integrating businesses, entering into joint ventures or divesting businesses.
we expect to continue pursuing strategic acquisitions, investments and joint ventures to enhance or add to our skills and capabilities or offerings of services and solutions, or to enable us to expand in certain geographic and other markets. depending on the opportunities available, we may increase the amount of capital invested in such opportunities. we may not succeed in completing targeted transactions, including as a result of the market becoming increasingly competitive, or achieve desired results of operations.
furthermore, we face risks in successfully integrating any businesses we might acquire or create through a joint venture. ongoing business may be disrupted, and our management's attention may be diverted by acquisition, investment, transition or integration activities. in addition, we might need to dedicate additional management and other resources, and our organizational structure could make it difficult for us to efficiently integrate acquired businesses into our ongoing operations and assimilate and retain employees of those businesses into our culture and operations. the loss of key executives, employees, customers, suppliers, vendors and other business partners of businesses we acquire may adversely impact the value of the assets, operations or businesses. furthermore, acquisitions or joint ventures may result in significant costs and expenses, including those related to retention payments, equity compensation, severance pay, early retirement costs, intangible asset amortization and asset impairment charges, assumed litigation and other liabilities, and legal, accounting and financial advisory fees, which could negatively affect our profitability. we may have difficulties as a result of entering into new markets where we have limited or no direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions.
we might fail to realize the expected benefits or strategic objectives of any acquisition, investment or joint venture we undertake. we might not achieve our expected return on investment or may lose money. we may be adversely impacted by liabilities that we assume from a company we acquire or in which we invest, including from that company's known and unknown obligations, intellectual property or other assets, terminated employees, current or former clients or other third parties. in addition, we may fail to identify or adequately assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings or other circumstances prior to acquiring, investing in or partnering with a company, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions or liabilities resulting from an acquisition target's previous activities, internal controls and security environment. if any of these circumstances occurs, they could result in unexpected legal or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes or other adverse effects on our business. in addition, we have a lesser degree of control over the business operations of the joint ventures and businesses in which we have made minority investments or in which we have acquired less than 100% of the equity. this lesser degree of control may expose us to additional reputational, financial, legal, compliance or operational risks. litigation, indemnification claims and other unforeseen claims and liabilities may arise from the acquisition or operation of acquired businesses. for example, we may face litigation or other claims as a result of certain terms and conditions of the acquisition agreement, such as earnout payments or closing net asset adjustments. alternatively, shareholder litigation may arise as a result of proposed acquisitions. if we are unable to complete the number and kind of investments for which we plan, or if we are inefficient or unsuccessful at integrating any acquired businesses into our operations, we may not be able to achieve our planned rates of growth or improve our market share, profitability or competitive position in specific markets or services.
we also periodically evaluate, and have engaged in, the disposition of assets and businesses. divestitures could involve difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management's attention, the disruption of our business and the potential loss of key employees. after reaching an agreement with a buyer for the disposition of a business, the transaction may be subject to the satisfaction of pre-closing conditions, including obtaining necessary regulatory and government approvals, which, if not satisfied or obtained, may prevent us from completing the transaction. divestitures may also involve continued financial involvement in or liability with respect to the divested assets and businesses, such as indemnities or other financial obligations, in which the performance of the divested assets or businesses could impact our results of operations. any divestiture we undertake could adversely affect our results of operations.
if we are unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, or if our services or solutions infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others or we lose our ability to utilize the intellectual property of others, our business could be adversely affected.
our success depends, in part, upon our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our proprietary methodologies, processes, software and other solutions. existing laws of the various countries in which we provide services or solutions may offer only limited intellectual property protection of our services or solutions, and the protection in some countries may be very limited. we rely upon a combination of confidentiality policies, nondisclosure and other contractual arrangements, and patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark laws to protect our intellectual property rights. these laws are subject to change at any time and could further limit our ability to obtain or maintain intellectual property protection. there is uncertainty concerning the scope of patent and other intellectual property protection for software and business methods, which are fields in which we rely on intellectual property laws to protect our rights. even where we obtain intellectual property protection, our intellectual property rights may not prevent or deter competitors, former employees, or other third parties from reverse engineering our solutions or proprietary methodologies and processes or independently developing services or solutions similar to or duplicative of ours. further, the steps we take in this regard might not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of our intellectual property by competitors, former employees or other third parties, and we might not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. enforcing our rights might also require considerable time, money and oversight, and we may not be successful in enforcing our rights.
in addition, we cannot be sure that our services and solutions, including, for example, our software solutions, or the solutions of others that we offer to our clients, do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties, and these third parties could claim that we or our clients are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. additionally, individuals and firms have purchased intellectual property assets in order to assert claims of infringement against technology providers and customers that use such technology. these claims could harm our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs or prevent us from offering some services or solutions in the future. any related proceedings could require us to expend significant resources over an extended period of time. in most of our contracts, we agree to indemnify our clients for expenses and liabilities resulting from claimed infringements of the intellectual property rights of third parties. in some instances, the amount of these indemnities could be greater than the revenues we receive from the client. any claims or litigation in this area could be time-consuming and costly, damage our reputation and/or require us to incur additional costs to obtain the right to continue to offer a service or solution to our clients. if we cannot secure this right at all or on reasonable terms, or we are unable to implement in a cost-effective manner alternative technology, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. the risk of infringement claims against us may increase as we expand our industry software solutions and continue to develop and license our software to multiple clients. any infringement action brought against us or our clients could be costly to defend or lead to an expensive settlement or judgment against us.
further, we rely on third-party software in providing some of our services and solutions. if we lose our ability to continue using any such software for any reason, including because it is found to infringe the rights of others, we will need to obtain substitute software or seek alternative means of obtaining the technology necessary to continue to provide such services and solutions. our inability to replace such software, or to replace such software in a timely or cost-effective manner, could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
our results of operations and share price could be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain effective internal controls.
the accuracy of our financial reporting is dependent on the effectiveness of our internal controls. we are required to provide a report from management to our shareholders on our internal control over financial reporting that includes an assessment of the effectiveness of these controls. internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including human error, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become inadequate because of changed conditions, and fraud. because of these inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting might not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. if we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control over financial reporting or implement required new or improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, we could suffer harm to our reputation, incur incremental compliance costs, fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely basis, be unable to properly report on our business and our results of operations, or be required to restate our financial statements, and our results of operations, our share price and our ability to obtain new business could be materially adversely affected.
changes to accounting standards or in the estimates and assumptions we make in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements could adversely affect our financial results.
our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. it is possible that changes in accounting standards could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. the application of generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions about certain items and future events that affect our reported financial condition, and our accompanying disclosure with respect to, among other things, revenue recognition and income taxes. our most critical accounting estimates are described in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations under "critical accounting policies and estimates." we base our estimates on historical experience, contractual commitments and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made. these estimates and assumptions involve the use of judgment and are subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. if our estimates, or the assumptions underlying such estimates, are not correct, actual results may differ materially from our estimates, and we may need to, among other things, adjust revenues or accrue additional costs that could adversely affect our results of operations.
many of our contracts include fees subject to the attainment of targets or specific service levels. this could increase the variability of our revenues and impact our margins.
many of our contracts include clauses that tie our compensation to the achievement of agreed-upon performance standards or milestones. if we fail to satisfy these measures, it could significantly reduce or eliminate our fees under the contracts, increase the cost to us of meeting performance standards or milestones, delay expected payments or subject us to potential damage claims under the contract terms. clients also often have the right to terminate a contract and pursue damage claims under the contract for serious or repeated failure to meet these service commitments. we also have a number of contracts in which a portion of our compensation depends on performance measures such as cost-savings, revenue enhancement, benefits produced, business goals attained and adherence to schedule. these goals can be complex and may depend on our clients' actual levels of business activity or may be based on assumptions that are later determined not to be achievable or accurate. these provisions could increase the variability in revenues and margins earned on those contracts.
we might be unable to access additional capital on favorable terms or at all. if we raise equity capital, it may dilute our shareholders' ownership interest in us.
we might choose to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings in order to:
•   take advantage of opportunities, including more rapid expansion;
•   acquire other businesses or assets;
•   repurchase shares from our shareholders;
•   develop new services and solutions; or
•   respond to competitive pressures.
any additional capital raised through the sale of equity could dilute shareholders' ownership percentage in us. furthermore, any additional financing we need might not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all.
we are incorporated in ireland and a significant portion of our assets is located outside the united states. as a result, it might not be possible for shareholders to enforce civil liability provisions of the federal or state securities laws of the united states. we may also be subject to criticism and negative publicity related to our incorporation in ireland.
we are organized under the laws of ireland, and a significant portion of our assets is located outside the united states. a shareholder who obtains a court judgment based on the civil liability provisions of u.s. federal or state securities laws may be unable to enforce the judgment against us in ireland or in countries other than the united states where we have assets. in addition, there is some doubt as to whether the courts of ireland and other countries would recognize or enforce judgments of u.s. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liability provisions of the federal or state securities laws of the united states or would hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws.
although the united states and ireland do not currently have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters, the irish courts will recognize a u.s. judgment if the following important requirements are satisfied:
•the originating court is a court of competent jurisdiction;
•the judgment is final and conclusive; and
•the judgment was not obtained by fraud and its recognition is not contrary to irish public policy.
any judgment obtained in contravention of the rules of natural justice or that is irreconcilable with an earlier foreign judgment would not be enforced in ireland. similarly, judgments might not be enforceable in countries other than the united states where we have assets.
some companies that conduct substantial business in the united states but which have a parent domiciled in certain other jurisdictions have been criticized as improperly avoiding u.s. taxes or creating an unfair competitive advantage over u.s. companies. accenture never conducted business under a u.s. parent company and pays u.s. taxes on all of its u.s. operations. nonetheless, we could be subject to criticism in connection with our incorporation in ireland.
irish law differs from the laws in effect in the united states and might afford less protection to shareholders.
our shareholders could have more difficulty protecting their interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the united states. as an irish company, we are governed by the companies act. the companies act differs in some significant, and possibly material, respects from laws applicable to u.s. corporations and shareholders under various state corporation laws, including the provisions relating to interested directors, mergers and acquisitions, takeovers, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification of directors.
under irish law, the duties of directors and officers of a company are generally owed to the company only. shareholders of irish companies do not generally have rights to take action against directors or officers of the company under irish law, and may only do so in limited circumstances. directors of an irish company must, in exercising their powers and performing their duties, act with due care and skill, honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the company. directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position in which their duties to the company and their personal interests might conflict and also are under a duty to disclose any personal interest in any contract or arrangement with the company or any of its subsidiaries. if a director or officer of an irish company is found to have breached his duties to that company, he could be held personally liable to the company in respect of that breach of duty.
under irish law, we must have authority from our shareholders to issue any shares, including shares that are part of the company's authorized but unissued share capital. in addition, unless otherwise authorized by its shareholders, when an irish company issues shares for cash to new shareholders, it is required first to offer those shares on the same or more favorable terms to existing shareholders on a pro-rata basis. if we are unable to obtain these authorizations from our shareholders, or are otherwise limited by the terms of our authorizations, our ability to issue shares under our equity compensation plans and, if applicable, to facilitate funding acquisitions or otherwise raise capital could be adversely affected.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion and analysis also contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the disclosures and information contained in "disclosure regarding forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.
we use the terms "accenture," "we," the "company," "our" and "us" in this report to refer to accenture plc and its subsidiaries. all references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on august 31. for example, a reference to "fiscal 2019" means the 12-month period that ended on august 31, 2019. all references to quarters, unless otherwise noted, refer to the quarters of our fiscal year.
we use the term "in local currency" so that certain financial results may be viewed without the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of business performance. financial results "in local currency" are calculated by restating current period activity into u.s. dollars using the comparable prior-year period's foreign currency exchange rates. this approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar.
overview revenues are driven by the ability of our executives to secure new contracts, to renew and extend existing contracts, and to deliver services and solutions that add value relevant to our clients' current needs and challenges. the level of revenues we achieve is based on our ability to deliver market-leading services and solutions and to deploy skilled teams of professionals quickly and on a global basis.
our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and levels of business confidence. there continues to be significant volatility and economic and geopolitical uncertainty in many markets around the world, which may impact our business. we continue to monitor the impact of this volatility and uncertainty and seek to manage our costs in order to respond to changing conditions. there also continues to be volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. the majority of our revenues are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the euro, u.k. pound and japanese yen. unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had and could have in the future a material effect on our financial results.
effective september 1, 2018, we adopted financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606). in connection with the adoption, we present total revenues and no longer report revenues before reimbursements (net revenues). this change has no impact on operating income but does affect ratios calculated as a percentage of revenue, such as operating margin. prior period results have been revised to reflect the fiscal 2019 presentation. for additional information, see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
summary of results revenues for fiscal 2019 increased 5% in u.s. dollars and 8.5% in local currency compared to fiscal 2018. demand for our services and solutions continued to be strong, resulting in growth across all areas of our business. during fiscal 2019, revenue growth in local currency was very strong in resources, strong in communications, media & technology, products, and health & public service and modest in financial services. we experienced local currency revenue growth that was very strong in growth markets, strong in north america and solid in europe. revenue growth in local currency was strong in both outsourcing and consulting during fiscal 2019. while the business environment remained competitive, we experienced pricing improvement in several areas of our business. we use the term "pricing" to mean the contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell.
in our consulting business, revenues for fiscal 2019 increased 5% in u.s. dollars and 8% in local currency compared to fiscal 2018. consulting revenue growth in local currency in fiscal 2019 was led by very strong growth in resources, strong growth in health & public service, products and communications, media & technology and modest growth in financial services. our consulting revenue growth continues to be driven by strong demand for digital-, cloud- and security-related services and assisting clients with the adoption of new technologies. in addition, clients continue to be focused on initiatives designed to deliver cost savings and operational efficiency, as well as projects to integrate their global operations and grow and transform their businesses.
in our outsourcing business, revenues for fiscal 2019 increased 6% in u.s. dollars and 9% in local currency compared to fiscal 2018. outsourcing revenue growth in local currency in fiscal 2019 was led by very strong growth in resources, communications, media & technology and products, solid growth in financial services and modest growth in health & public service. we continue to experience growing demand to assist clients with the operation and maintenance of digital-related services and cloud enablement. in addition, clients continue to be focused on transforming their operations to improve effectiveness and cost efficiency.
as we are a global company, our revenues are denominated in multiple currencies and may be significantly affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. if the u.s. dollar weakens against other currencies, resulting in favorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in u.s. dollars may be higher. if the u.s. dollar strengthens against other currencies, resulting in unfavorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in u.s. dollars may be lower. the u.s. dollar strengthened against various currencies during fiscal 2019, resulting in unfavorable currency translation and u.s. dollar revenue growth that was approximately 3% lower than our revenue growth in local currency for the year. assuming that exchange rates stay within recent ranges, we estimate that our full fiscal 2020 revenue growth in u.s. dollars will be approximately 1% lower in u.s. dollars than our revenue growth in local currency.
the primary categories of operating expenses include cost of services, sales and marketing and general and administrative costs. cost of services is primarily driven by the cost of client-service personnel, which consists mainly of compensation, subcontractor and other personnel costs, and non-payroll costs on outsourcing contracts. cost of services includes a variety of activities such as: contract delivery; recruiting and training; software development; and integration of acquisitions. sales and marketing costs are driven primarily by: compensation costs for business development activities; marketing- and advertising-related activities; and certain acquisition-related costs. general and administrative costs primarily include costs for non-client-facing personnel, information systems, office space and certain acquisition-related costs.
utilization for fiscal 2019 was 91%, consistent with fiscal 2018. we continue to hire to meet current and projected future demand. we proactively plan and manage the size and composition of our workforce and take actions as needed to address changes in the anticipated demand for our services and solutions, given that compensation costs are the most significant portion of our operating expenses. based on current and projected future demand, we have increased our headcount, the majority of which serve our clients, to approximately 492,000 as of august 31, 2019, compared to approximately 459,000 as of august 31, 2018. the year-over-year increase in our headcount reflects an overall increase in demand for our services and solutions, as well as headcount added in connection with acquisitions. attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, for fiscal 2019 was 17%, up from 15% in fiscal 2018. we evaluate voluntary attrition, adjust levels of new hiring and use involuntary terminations as means to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with changes in client demand. in addition, we adjust compensation in certain skill sets and geographies in order to attract and retain appropriate numbers of qualified employees. for the majority of our personnel, compensation increases become effective december 1st of each fiscal year. we strive to adjust pricing and/or the mix of resources to reduce the impact of compensation increases on our margin. our ability to grow our revenues and maintain or increase our margin could be adversely affected if we are unable to: keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with changes in the types or amounts of services and solutions clients are demanding; recover increases in compensation; deploy our employees globally on a timely basis; manage attrition; and/or effectively assimilate and utilize new employees.
effective september 1, 2018, we adopted asu no. 2017-07, compensation-retirement benefits (topic 715), which required us to reclassify certain components of pension costs from operating expenses to non-operating expenses. prior period results have been revised to reflect the fiscal 2019 presentation. for additional information, see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
gross margin (revenues less cost of services as a percentage of revenues) for fiscal 2019 was 30.8%, compared with 30.5% for fiscal 2018. the increase in gross margin for fiscal 2019 was primarily due to lower non-payroll and labor costs as a percentage of revenues compared to fiscal 2018.
sales and marketing and general and administrative costs as a percentage of revenues were 16.2% for fiscal 2019, compared with 16.1% for fiscal 2018. for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, sales and marketing costs as a percentage of revenues increased 10 basis points and general and administrative costs as a percentage of revenues were flat. we continuously monitor these costs and implement cost-management actions, as appropriate.
operating margin (operating income as a percentage of revenues) for fiscal 2019 was 14.6%, compared with 14.4% for fiscal 2018.
effective september 1, 2018, we adopted asu no. 2016-16, income taxes (topic 740). upon adoption, we recorded deferred tax assets of $2.1 billion, and we will recognize incremental income tax expense going forward as these deferred tax assets are utilized. for additional information, see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
28
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was 22.5%, compared with 27.4% for fiscal 2018. during fiscal 2018, we recorded a $258 million charge associated with tax law changes. absent this charge, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 would have been 23.0%. for additional information, see note 10 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
diluted earnings per share were $7.36 for fiscal 2019, compared with $6.34 for fiscal 2018. the impact of tax law changes decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.40 in fiscal 2018. excluding the impact of these changes, diluted earnings per share would have been $6.74 for fiscal 2018.
we have presented our effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share excluding the impacts of the tax law changes in fiscal 2018, as we believe doing so facilitates understanding as to both the impact of these changes and our financial performance when comparing these periods.
our operating income and diluted earnings per share are affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations on revenues and costs. most of our costs are incurred in the same currency as the related revenues. where practical, we seek to manage foreign currency exposure for costs not incurred in the same currency as the related revenues, such as the costs associated with our global delivery model, by using currency protection provisions in our customer contracts and through our hedging programs. for more information on our hedging programs, see note 8 (financial instruments) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
bookings new bookings for fiscal 2019 were $45.5 billion, with consulting bookings of $24.7 billion and outsourcing bookings of $20.8 billion.
we provide information regarding our new bookings, which include new contracts, including those acquired through acquisitions, as well as renewals, extensions and changes to existing contracts, because we believe doing so provides useful trend information regarding changes in the volume of our new business over time. new bookings can vary significantly quarter to quarter depending in part on the timing of the signing of a small number of large outsourcing contracts. the types of services and solutions clients are demanding and the pace and level of their spending may impact the conversion of new bookings to revenues. for example, outsourcing bookings, which are typically for multi-year contracts, generally convert to revenue over a longer period of time compared to consulting bookings. information regarding our new bookings is not comparable to, nor should it be substituted for, an analysis of our revenues over time. new bookings involve estimates and judgments. there are no third-party standards or requirements governing the calculation of bookings. we do not update our new bookings for material subsequent terminations or reductions related to bookings originally recorded in prior fiscal years. new bookings are recorded using then-existing foreign currency exchange rates and are not subsequently adjusted for foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
the majority of our contracts are terminable by the client on short notice with little or no termination penalties, and some without notice. under topic 606, only the non-cancelable portion of these contracts is included in our performance obligations. accordingly, a significant portion of what we consider contract bookings is not included in our remaining performance obligations.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. we continually evaluate our estimates, judgments and assumptions based on available information and experience. because the use of estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. certain of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. these include certain aspects of accounting for revenue recognition and income taxes.
revenue recognition determining the method and amount of revenue to recognize requires us to make judgments and estimates. specifically, complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting, including whether promised goods and services specified in an arrangement are distinct performance obligations and should be accounted for separately. other judgments include determining whether performance obligations are satisfied over-time or at a point-in-time and the selection of the method to measure progress towards completion.
we measure progress towards completion for technology integration consulting services using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion. revenues, including estimated fees, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. the amount of revenue recognized for these contracts in a period is dependent on our ability to estimate total contract costs. we continually evaluate our estimates of total contract costs based on available information and experience.
additionally, the nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including incentive fees. many contracts include incentives or penalties related to costs incurred, benefits produced or adherence to schedules that may increase the variability in revenues and margins earned on such contracts. we conduct reviews prior to signing such contracts to evaluate whether these incentives are reasonably achievable. our estimates are monitored over the lives of our contracts and are based on an assessment of our anticipated performance, historical experience and other information available at the time.
for additional information, see note 2 (revenues) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
income taxes on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), which significantly changed u.s. tax law. the tax act lowered the u.s. statutory federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018, resulting in a blended u.s. statutory federal income tax rate of 25.7% for our fiscal year ended august 31, 2018 and a u.s. statutory federal income tax rate of 21.0% for our fiscal year ended august 31, 2019. the tax act's "base erosion and anti-abuse tax" provision, and regulations issued thereunder, adversely impact our effective tax rate by limiting our ability to deduct certain expenses.
determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, income tax liabilities and deferred tax assets and liabilities involves judgment. deferred tax assets and liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates, are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax and financial statement bases of assets and liabilities. as a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. this involves estimating current tax exposures in each jurisdiction as well as making judgments regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets. tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized and adjust the valuation allowances accordingly. factors considered in making this determination include the period of expiration of the tax asset, planned use of the tax asset, tax planning strategies and historical and projected taxable income as well as tax liabilities for the tax jurisdiction in which the tax asset is located. valuation allowances will be subject to change in each future reporting period as a result of changes in one or more of these factors. changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual income before taxes can affect the overall effective tax rate.
we apply an estimated annual effective tax rate to our quarterly operating results to determine the interim provision for income tax expense. a change in judgment that impacts the measurement of a tax position taken in a prior year is recognized as a discrete item in the interim period in which the change occurs. in the event there is a significant unusual or infrequent item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is recorded in the interim period in which it occurs.
no taxes have been provided on undistributed foreign earnings that are planned to be indefinitely reinvested. if future events, including material changes in estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements, necessitate that these earnings be distributed, an additional provision for taxes may apply, which could materially affect our future effective tax rate. we currently do not foresee any event that would require us to distribute these indefinitely reinvested earnings. for additional information, see note 10 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
as a matter of course, we are regularly audited by various taxing authorities, and sometimes these audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. we establish tax liabilities or reduce tax assets when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are appropriate and supportable under local tax law, we believe we may not succeed in realizing the tax benefit of certain positions if challenged. in evaluating a tax position, we determine whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. our estimate of the ultimate tax liability contains assumptions based on past experiences, judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions as well as judgments about the likely outcome of issues that have been raised by taxing jurisdictions. the tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. we evaluate tax positions each quarter and adjust the related tax liabilities or assets in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or the expiration of a statute of limitations. we believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our evaluation of tax positions are reasonable. however, final determinations of prior-year tax liabilities, either by settlement with tax authorities or expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reflected in assets and liabilities and historical income tax provisions. the outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period in which that determination is made. we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately accounted for these positions.
revenues by segment/operating group our five reportable operating segments are our operating groups, which are communications, media & technology; financial services; health & public service; products; and resources. in addition to reporting revenues by operating group, we also report revenues by two types of work: consulting and outsourcing, which represent the services sold by our operating groups. consulting revenues, which include strategy, management and technology consulting and systems integration, reflect a finite, distinct project or set of projects with a defined outcome and typically a defined set of specific deliverables. outsourcing revenues typically reflect ongoing, repeatable services or capabilities provided to transition, run and/or manage operations of client systems or business functions.
from time to time, our operating groups work together to sell and implement certain contracts. the resulting revenues and costs from these contracts may be apportioned among the participating operating groups. generally, operating expenses for each operating group have similar characteristics and are subject to the same factors, pressures and challenges. however, the economic environment and its effects on the industries served by our operating groups affect revenues and operating expenses within our operating groups to differing degrees. the mix between consulting and outsourcing is not uniform among our operating groups. local currency fluctuations also tend to affect our operating groups differently, depending on the geographic concentrations and locations of their businesses.
while we provide discussion about our results of operations below, we cannot measure how much of our revenue growth in a particular period is attributable to changes in price or volume. management does not track standard measures of unit or rate volume. instead, our measures of volume and price are extremely complex, as each of our services contracts is unique, reflecting a customized mix of specific services that does not fit into standard comparability measurements. revenue for our services is a function of the nature of each service to be provided, the skills required and the outcome sought, as well as estimated cost, risk, contract terms and other factors.
results of operations for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
revenues (by operating group, geographic region and type of work) were as follows:
fiscal                     percent           percent                      percent of total increase (decrease)          increase                              revenues u.s.             local                            for fiscal dollars          currency
2019                                                                           2018 (1)                                   2019             2018 (1)
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
operating groups communications, media &amp; technology        $8,757                      $8,230                      6           %          9      %            20     %          20     %
financial services                             8,494                       8,566                     (1           )          3
health &amp; public service                    7,161                       6,878                      4                      6                   17                17
products                                      12,005                      11,338                      6                      9                   28                28
resources                                      6,772                       5,942                     14                     18                   16                14
other                                             26          39                                    n/m                    n/m                    -                 -
total revenues                               $43,215                     $40,993                      5           %        8.5      %           100     %         100     %
geographic regions north america                                $19,986                     $18,460                                  %                 %            46     %          45     %
europe                                        14,681                      14,626                      -                      5                   34                36
growth markets                                 8,548                       7,906                      8                     14                   20                19
total revenues                               $43,215                     $40,993                      5           %        8.5      %           100     %         100     %
type of work consulting                                   $24,177                     $22,979                      5           %          8      %            56     %          56     %
outsourcing                                   19,038                      18,014                      6                      9                   44                44
total revenues                               $43,215                     $40,993                      5           %        8.5      %           100     %         100     %
_______________
n/m = not meaningful amounts in table may not total due to rounding.
(1)   effective september 1, 2018, we adopted fasb asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) and eliminated our net revenues presentation. prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. in addition, we updated operating group results for fiscal 2018 to include an acquisition previously categorized within other.
our business in the united states represented 44%, 43% and 45% of our consolidated revenues during fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. no other country individually comprised 10% or more of our consolidated revenues during these periods.
revenues the following revenues commentary discusses local currency revenue changes for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018:
operating groups
•   communications, media &amp; technology revenues increased 9% in local currency, driven by growth in software &amp; platforms across all geographic regions, led by north america.
•   financial services revenues increased 3% in local currency, driven by growth in insurance across all geographic regions and banking &amp; capital markets in growth markets, partially offset by a decline in banking &amp; capital markets in europe.
•   health &amp; public service revenues increased 6% in local currency, driven by growth in public service in north america and europe.
•   products revenues increased 9% in local currency, driven by growth across all industry groups and geographic regions, led by consumer goods, retail &amp; travel services in europe and growth markets and life sciences in north america.
32
•   resources revenues increased 18% in local currency, driven by growth across all industry groups and geographic regions.
geographic regions
•   north america revenues increased 9% in local currency, driven by the united states.
•   europe revenues increased 5% in local currency, led by italy, the united kingdom and ireland.
•   growth markets revenues increased 14% in local currency, driven by japan, as well as brazil and china.
operating expenses operating expenses for fiscal 2019 increased $1,816 million, or 5%, over fiscal 2018, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 85.4% from 85.6% during this period.
cost of services cost of services for fiscal 2019 increased $1,401 million, or 5%, over fiscal 2018, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 69.2% from 69.5% during this period. gross margin for fiscal 2019 increased to 30.8% from 30.5% in fiscal 2018. the increase in gross margin for fiscal 2019 was primarily due to lower non-payroll and labor costs as a percentage of revenues compared to fiscal 2018.
sales and marketing sales and marketing expense for fiscal 2019 increased $251 million, or 6%, over fiscal 2018, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 10.3% from 10.2% during this period.
general and administrative costs general and administrative costs for fiscal 2019 increased $164 million, or 7%, over fiscal 2018, and remained flat as a percentage of revenues at 5.9% during this period.
operating income and operating margin operating income for fiscal 2019 increased $406 million, or 7%, over fiscal 2018.
operating income and operating margin for each of the operating groups were as follows:
fiscal
2019                                                                                                         2018 (1)
operating          operating              operating          operating              increase income             margin                 income             margin            (decrease)
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
communications, media &amp; technology      $1,555                18      %           $1,380                17      %            $175
financial services                           1,238                                     1,365                                     (128     )
health &amp; public service                    739                10          766                           11                    (27     )
products                                     1,720                                     1,664                                       56
resources                                    1,053                16          724                           12                    330
total                                       $6,305              14.6      %           $5,899              14.4      %            $406
_______________
amounts in table may not total due to rounding.
(1)   effective september 1, 2018, we adopted fasb asu no. 2017-07, compensation-retirement benefits (topic 715): improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost. certain components of pension service costs were reclassified from operating expenses to non-operating expenses. prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.
we estimate that the aggregate percentage impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operating income during fiscal 2019 was similar to that disclosed for revenue. the commentary below provides insight into other factors affecting operating group performance and operating margin for fiscal 2019 compared with fiscal 2018:
•   communications, media &amp; technology operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth and higher contract profitability.
•   financial services operating income decreased as higher consulting contract profitability and revenue growth were offset by higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenues.
33
•   health &amp; public service operating income decreased as revenue growth was offset by lower consulting contract profitability and higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenues.
•   products operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth and higher contract profitability, partially offset by higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenues.
•   resources operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth and higher contract profitability.
provision for income taxes the effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was 22.5%, compared with 27.4% for fiscal 2018. in fiscal 2018, we recorded a $258 million charge associated with tax law changes. absent this charge, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 would have been 23.0%. the lower effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was primarily due to changes in the geographic distribution of earnings, higher benefits from final determinations of prior year taxes and lower expense for adjustments to prior year tax liabilities. these decreases were partially offset by higher expense from the adoption of fasb asu no. 2016-16 and lower tax benefits from share-based payments. for additional information, see note 10 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees have in our accenture canada holdings inc. subsidiary. see "business-organizational structure." noncontrolling interests also includes amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our avanade inc. subsidiary. net income attributable to accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of accenture plc.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for fiscal 2019 decreased $88 million, or 57%, from fiscal 2018, due to the decrease in the non-controlling ownership percentage in march 2018 from 4% held by accenture holdings plc and accenture canada holdings inc. to less than 1% held by only accenture canada holdings inc. driven by the accenture holdings plc merger with and into accenture plc. for additional information on the merger, see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8,"financial statements and supplementary data."
earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $7.36 for fiscal 2019, compared with $6.34 for fiscal 2018. the $1.02 increase in our diluted earnings per share included the impact of tax law changes, which decreased diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2018 by $0.40. excluding the impact of these changes, diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2019 increased $0.62 compared with fiscal 2018, due to increases of $0.48 from higher revenues and operating results, $0.05 from a lower effective tax rate, $0.05 from lower weighted average shares outstanding, and $0.04 from lower non-operating expense. for information regarding our earnings per share calculations, see note 3 (earnings per share) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
34
results of operations for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
revenues (by operating group, geographic region and type of work) were as follows:
fiscal           percent              percent                      percent of total increase             increase                              revenues u.s.                local                            for fiscal dollars             currency
2018 (1)                    2017 (1)                        2018 (1)             2017 (1)
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
operating groups communications, media &amp; technology        $8,230                      $7,097                16      %            14      %            20     %          20     %
financial services                             8,566                       7,654                12                    8                   21                21
health &amp; public service                    6,878                       6,361                 8                    7
products                                      11,338                       9,922                14                   11                   28                27
resources                                      5,942                       5,096                17                                                          14
other                                             39          46                               n/m                  n/m                    -                 -
total revenues                               $40,993                     $36,177                13      %            10      %           100     %         100     %
geographic regions (2)
north america                                $18,460                     $16,889                 9      %             9      %            45     %          47     %
europe                                        14,626                      12,471                17                    9                   36                34
growth markets                                 7,906                       6,816                16                   16                   19                19
total revenues                               $40,993                     $36,177                13      %            10      %           100     %         100     %
type of work consulting                                   $22,979                     $20,080                14      %            11      %            56     %          56     %
outsourcing                                   18,014                      16,096                12                    9                   44                44
total revenues                               $40,993                     $36,177                13      %            10      %           100     %         100     %
_______________
n/m = not meaningful amounts in table may not total due to rounding.
(1)   effective september 1, 2018, we adopted fasb asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) and eliminated our net revenues presentation. prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. in addition, we updated operating group results for fiscal 2018 to include an acquisition previously categorized within other.
(2)   effective september 1, 2017, we revised the reporting of our geographic regions as follows: north america (the united states and canada), europe and growth markets (asia pacific, latin america, africa and the middle east). four countries, including russia, were previously in growth markets, but are now included in europe. fiscal 2017 amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.
revenues the following revenues commentary discusses local currency revenue changes for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017:
operating groups
•   communications, media &amp; technology revenues increased 14% in local currency, driven by growth across all geographic regions in software &amp; platforms and communications &amp; media, led by software &amp; platforms in north america.
•   financial services revenues increased 8% in local currency, driven by growth across all industry groups and geographic regions, led by banking &amp; capital markets in europe and growth markets.
•   health &amp; public service revenues increased 7% in local currency, driven by growth in public service across all geographic regions and health in north america.
•   products revenues increased 11% in local currency, driven by growth across all geographic regions, in consumer goods, retail &amp; travel services and industrial.
35
•   resources revenues increased 13% in local currency, driven by growth across all industry groups and geographic regions led by chemicals &amp; natural resources and energy.
geographic regions
•   north america revenues increased 9% in local currency, driven by the united states.
•   europe revenues increased 9% in local currency, driven by germany, italy, france, ireland and spain.
•   growth markets revenues increased 16% in local currency, led by japan, as well as australia, brazil, and singapore.
operating expenses operating expenses for fiscal 2018 increased $4,108 million, or 13%, over fiscal 2017, and remained flat as a percentage of revenues at 85.6% during this period.
cost of services cost of services for fiscal 2018 increased $3,394 million, or 14%, over fiscal 2017, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 69.5% from 69.4% during this period. gross margin for fiscal 2018 decreased to 30.5% from 30.6% in fiscal 2017. the decrease in gross margin for fiscal 2018 was principally due to higher labor costs compared to fiscal 2017, partially offset by other cost efficiencies in fiscal 2018.
sales and marketing sales and marketing expense for fiscal 2018 increased $444 million, or 12%, over fiscal 2017, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 10.2% from 10.4% during this period.
general and administrative costs general and administrative costs for fiscal 2018 increased $271 million, or 13%, over fiscal 2017, and remained flat as a percentage of revenues at 5.9% during this period.
operating income and operating margin operating income for fiscal 2018 increased $707 million, or 14%, over fiscal 2017.
operating income and operating margin for each of the operating groups were as follows:
fiscal
2018 (1)                                  2017 (1)
operating          operating              operating          operating              increase income             margin                 income             margin            (decrease)
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
communications, media &amp; technology      $1,380                17      %           $1,057                15      %            $323
financial services                           1,365                16                   1,256                16                    109
health &amp; public service                    766                11          715                           11                     51
products                                     1,664                                     1,573                                       90
resources                                      724                12          589                           12                    134
total                                       $5,899              14.4      %           $5,191              14.4      %            $707
_______________
amounts in table may not total due to rounding.
(1)   effective september 1, 2018, we adopted fasb asu no. 2017-07, compensation-retirement benefits (topic 715): improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost. certain components of pension service costs were reclassified from operating expenses to non-operating expenses. prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.
we estimate that the aggregate percentage impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operating income during fiscal 2018 was similar to that disclosed for revenue. the commentary below provides insight into other factors affecting operating group performance and operating margin for fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017:
•   communications, media &amp; technology operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth and higher contract profitability.
•   financial services operating income increased primarily due to consulting revenue growth.
•   health &amp; public service operating income decreased primarily due to lower consulting contract profitability.
•   products operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth, partially offset by lower consulting contract profitability.
•   resources operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net primarily consists of foreign currency gains and losses, non-operating components of pension expense, as well as gains and losses associated with our investments in privately held companies. during fiscal 2018, other expense increased $40 million over fiscal 2017, primarily due to higher net foreign exchange losses.
pension settlement charge we recorded a pension settlement charge of $509,793 during fiscal 2017 as a result of the termination of our u.s. pension plan. for additional information, see note 11 (retirement and profit sharing plans) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
provision for income taxes the effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 was 27.4%, compared with 21.3% for fiscal 2017. in fiscal 2018, we recorded a $258 million charge associated with tax law changes. absent this charge, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 would have been 23.0%. absent the pension settlement charge of $510 million and related tax impact of $198 million, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 would have been 23.0%. for additional information, see note 10 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees have in our accenture holdings plc and accenture canada holdings inc. subsidiaries. see "business-organizational structure." noncontrolling interests also includes amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our avanade inc. subsidiary. net income attributable to accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of accenture plc.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for fiscal 2018 decreased $35 million, or 18%, from fiscal 2017, primarily due to the accenture holdings plc merger with and into accenture plc on march 13, 2018, which decreased the non-controlling ownership percentage from 4% held by accenture holdings plc and accenture canada holdings inc. to less than 1% held by only accenture canada holdings inc. for additional information on the merger, see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8,"financial statements and supplementary data."
earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $6.34 for fiscal 2018, compared with $5.44 for fiscal 2017. the $0.90 increase in our diluted earnings per share included the impact of the tax law changes, which decreased diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2018 by $0.40. the impact of the pension settlement charge, net of taxes, decreased diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2017 by $0.47. excluding these impacts, diluted earnings per share would have been $6.74 and $5.91 for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, an increase of $0.83. this increase was due to increases of $0.82 from higher revenues and operating results and $0.05 from lower weighted average shares outstanding, partially offset by decreases of $0.02 from lower non-operating income and $0.02 from higher net income attributable to non-controlling interest. for information regarding our earnings per share calculations, see note 3 (earnings per share) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
we have presented our effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share excluding the impacts of the tax law changes in fiscal 2018 and the pension settlement charge in fiscal 2017, as we believe doing so facilitates understanding as to both the impact of these changes and our financial performance when comparing these periods.
liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, available cash reserves and debt capacity available under various credit facilities. we could raise additional funds through other public or private debt or equity financings. we may use our available or additional funds to, among other things:
•   facilitate purchases, redemptions and exchanges of shares and pay dividends;
•   acquire complementary businesses or technologies;
•   take advantage of opportunities, including more rapid expansion; or
•   develop new services and solutions.
as of august 31, 2019, cash and cash equivalents were $6.1 billion, compared with $5.1 billion as of august 31, 2018.
cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in our consolidated cash flows statements, are summarized in the following table:
fiscal
2019                                                                            2018                            2019 to 2018 change
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                              $6,627                $6,027                        $600
investing activities                                              (1,756    )           (1,250    )                   (506        )
financing activities                                              (3,767    )           (3,709    )                    (58        )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents         (39    )             (134    )   95
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents              $1,065                  $934                        $131
operating activities: the $600 million year-over-year increase in operating cash flow was due to higher net income as well as changes in operating assets and liabilities, including an increase in accounts payable, partially offset by higher tax disbursements.
investing activities: the $506 million increase in cash used was primarily due to higher spending on business acquisitions and investments. for additional information, see note 6 (business combinations) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
financing activities: the $58 million increase in cash used was primarily due to an increase in cash dividends paid as well as an increase in purchases of shares, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from share issuances and a decrease in the purchase of additional interests in consolidated subsidiaries. for additional information, see note 14 (material transactions affecting shareholders' equity) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
we believe that our current and longer-term working capital, investments and other general corporate funding requirements will be satisfied for the next twelve months and thereafter through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from our borrowing facilities and future financial market activities.
substantially all of our cash is held in jurisdictions where there are no regulatory restrictions or material tax effects on the free flow of funds. in addition, domestic cash inflows for our irish parent, principally dividend distributions from lower-tier subsidiaries, have been sufficient to meet our historic cash requirements, and we expect this to continue into the future.
borrowing facilities see note 9 (borrowings and indebtedness) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
share purchases and redemptions we intend to continue to use a significant portion of cash generated from operations for share repurchases during fiscal 2020. the number of shares ultimately repurchased under our open-market share purchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including, without limitation, share price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, the levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic and/or business conditions, and board and management discretion. additionally, as these factors
38
may change over the course of the year, the amount of share repurchase activity during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time. share repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases, in respect of purchases and redemptions of accenture canada holdings inc. exchangeable shares, through the use of rule 10b5-1 plans and/or by other means. the repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time, without notice. for additional information, see note 14 (material transactions affecting shareholders' equity) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
subsequent events see note 14 (material transactions affecting shareholders' equity) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
obligations and commitments as of august 31, 2019, we had the following obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts, contractual obligations and commercial commitments:
payments due by period contractual cash obligations (1)                             total             less than             1-3 years             3-5 years       more than
1 year                                                   5 years
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
long-term debt                                             $23                  $6                   $11                    $6             $-
operating leases                                         3,840                 688                 1,114                   792             1,246
retirement obligations (2)                                  95                  10         20                               20         44
purchase obligations and other commitments (3)             286                 206         61                               12         6
total                                                   $4,244                $910                $1,206                  $830             $1,296
_______________
amounts in table may not total due to rounding.
(1)   the liability related to unrecognized tax benefits has been excluded from the contractual obligations table because a reasonable estimate of the timing and amount of cash outflows from future tax settlements cannot be determined. for additional information, see note 10 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
(2)   amounts represent projected payments under certain unfunded retirement plans for former pre-incorporation partners. given these plans are unfunded, we pay these benefits directly. these plans were eliminated for active partners after may 15, 2001.
(3)   other commitments include, among other things, information technology, software support and maintenance obligations, as well as other obligations in the ordinary course of business that we cannot cancel or where we would be required to pay a termination fee in the event of cancellation. amounts shown do not include recourse that we may have to recover termination fees or penalties from clients.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business and in conjunction with some client engagements, we have entered into contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters. to date, we have not been required to make any significant payment under any of these arrangements. for further discussion of these transactions, see note 16 (commitments and contingencies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
39