item 1a: risk factors our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.
all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. ott service providers continue to proliferate, complicating the competitive landscape by influencing consumer behavior and challenging existing business models, which is discussed in more detail in the risk factor immediately below.
for example:
•   competition for cable communications' video, high-speed internet and voice services consists primarily of phone companies with fiber-based networks and dbs providers that typically offer features, pricing and packaging for services comparable to ours. sky faces competition for its video, high-speed internet and voice services from cable and telecommunications providers in its european markets, many of which offer customers bundled services, which has increased competition. increasingly, additional companies, some with significant financial resources or fewer regulatory burdens, have entered, or are seeking to enter, the video distribution market by offering ott streaming services or selling devices that aggregate viewing of various ott services. many ott service providers offer smaller packages of channels or subscriptions to access programming at price points lower than our standard packages or for free, which adversely affects demand for cable communications' and sky's traditional dth video services, including for expanded video packages, premium networks, and dvr and on demand services.
•   cable communications' and sky's high-speed internet services compete primarily against phone companies with fiber-based networks offering speeds and pricing comparable to ours. wireless internet services, such as 4g and 5g wireless broadband services, satellite-delivered internet services and wi-fi networks, and devices such as smartphones, tablets, wireless data cards, and mobile and fixed wireless routers that connect to such services, also may compete with our high-speed internet services, particularly as wireless technology evolves. some municipalities in the united states own and operate their own broadband networks and additional municipalities may do so in the future.
•   nbcuniversal and sky face substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities.
•   nbcuniversal and sky must compete to obtain talent, content and other resources required to operate their businesses. this competition has intensified as ott service providers seek to develop high-quality programming to attract viewers.
for a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the "competition" discussion within that section.
consolidation of, or cooperation between, our competitors, including suppliers and distributors of content, may increase competition in all of these areas. for example, consolidation or cooperation between phone companies (which are also wireless distributors) and content providers may allow competitors to offer free or lower cost streaming services, potentially on an exclusive basis, through unlimited data-usage plans for internet or wireless phone services.
the ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, employees, investors and government authorities. our ability to compete will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience.
while we continue to seek ways to enhance the value of our businesses, such as by growing high-speed internet services and business services and by investing in new theme parks and peacock, there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or operating margins or to compete successfully in the future. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against existing or new competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses.
changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.
distribution platforms for viewing and purchasing content over the internet have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and challenge existing business models. these distribution platforms have driven, and will continue to drive, changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services, and how much they pay for such content.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which is reducing the number of cable communications' video customers and subscribers to nbcuniversal's cable networks even as it makes cable communications' high-speed internet services more important to consumers. these changing consumer behaviors also are occurring in europe, as more of sky's new video customers have recently subscribed, and may continue to subscribe, to sky's ott video service instead of its traditional dth video service. although we have attempted to adapt our video service offerings and enhance our high-speed internet services for changing consumer behaviors, for example, by deploying the x1 and sky q platforms and flex, which can more easily aggregate linear and ott programming choices for our customers, the continuing trend of ott service providers delivering their content directly to consumers over the internet rather than through, or in addition to, traditional video distribution services continues to disrupt traditional video distribution business models.
the increase in ott service providers also has significantly increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content traditionally has been distributed and viewed by consumers. time-shifting technologies, such as dvr and on demand services, also reduce the viewing of content through traditional and virtual multichannel video providers, which has caused and likely will continue to cause audience ratings declines for our programming channels. reduced ratings may adversely affect the price and amount of advertising that advertisers are willing to purchase from us and the amount that we receive for distribution of our content. in addition, as more programming providers offer their content directly to consumers, they may reduce the quantity and quality of the programming they license to nbcuniversal or sky's programming channels.
our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, and shifting business models could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations.
a decline in advertisers' expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses.
cable communications, nbcuniversal and sky compete for the sale of advertising time with other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as digital media, radio and print. we derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, and a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models, could negatively impact our results of operations. declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, increased competition for the leisure time of viewers, such as from social media and video games, audience fragmentation, increased viewing of content through ott service providers, regulatory intervention regarding where and when advertising may be placed, or economic conditions generally. in addition, advertisers have increasingly shifted their expenditures to digital media and their willingness to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings, which many of nbcuniversal's networks and some of sky's television channels have experienced and likely will continue to experience. advertising sales and rates also are dependent on the methodology used for audience measurement and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. for example, certain methods of viewing content, such as through ott services or delayed viewing through dvr or on demand services, might not be counted in audience measurements or may generate less, if any, revenue than traditional linear television distribution methods, which could have an adverse effect on our advertising revenue.
our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments.
our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. for example, current and new wireless internet technologies such as 4g and 5g wireless broadband services continue to evolve rapidly to allow for greater speed and reliability, and some companies and municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast internet access speeds. we expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. if we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. we also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of flex and sky q set-top boxes and wireless gateways. there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. we also may generate less revenue or incur increased costs if changes in our competitors' product offerings require that we offer certain services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we increase our research and development expenditures.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k we are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses.
in the united states, federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the high-speed internet, video and voice services industries. our broadcast television business is also highly regulated by u.s. laws and regulations. nbcuniversal's other businesses are also subject to various other laws and regulations at the international, federal, state and local levels. sky's business is subject to various telecommunications and media-specific regulations where it operates. the fcc, ftc and certain state attorneys general and foreign governmental authorities also have been active in conducting inquiries and reviews regarding our services, and this trend likely will continue. in addition, regulators and the courts could adopt new interpretations of existing competition laws as new competition law theories emerge. failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability.
legislators and regulators at all levels of government, including foreign authorities, frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules or regulations, or interpretations of existing statues, rules or regulations, or prescribe new ones, any of which may address communications and other issues that could significantly affect our businesses. these legislators and regulators have been active in considering legislation and rulemakings regarding our services, at times looking to adopt regulatory approaches from different countries that may be more burdensome. for example, some states have passed or introduced legislation or executive orders that impose various open internet and data privacy requirements. such attempts by the states to regulate portions of our businesses have the potential to create a patchwork of differing and/or conflicting state regulations. these requirements and any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. we are unable to predict the outcome or effects of any of these potential actions or any other legislative or regulatory proposals on our businesses. any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have an adverse impact on our businesses and results of operations. for a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the "legislation and regulation" discussion within that section.
programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect cable communications' and sky's video businesses.
we expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be the largest single expense item for our cable communications and sky segments and to increase for the foreseeable future. our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms, such as on demand or streaming services. additionally, cable communications pays certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. these market factors may be exacerbated by increased consolidation in the media industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. if we are unable to raise our customers' rates or offset programming cost increases through the sale of additional services or cost management initiatives, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse effect on our cable communications and sky segments' results of operations.
moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms, if renewed at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such content as part of cable communications' or sky's video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.
nbcuniversal's and sky's success depends on consumer acceptance of their content, and their businesses may be adversely affected if their content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or the costs to create or acquire content increase.
nbcuniversal and sky create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. the success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer markets. we have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content at nbcuniversal and sky, in our films and for new theme parks and theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which they will earn consumer acceptance. we also are incurring significant costs to develop peacock, and there can be no assurance that consumers and advertisers will embrace this offering.
nbcuniversal and sky also obtain a significant portion of their content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers, sometimes on an exclusive basis. competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. we also may be unable to license popular third-party content for nbcuniversal's and sky's comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k programming channels if media companies launch successful ott services for their owned content such that they forgo license fees from us and only provide their content directly to consumers.
entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights may result in significantly increased costs. particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights for nbcuniversal and sky, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, audience size, the timing and amount of rights payments, and the ability of nbcuniversal to secure distribution from, impose surcharges on, or obtain carriage on multichannel video providers. there can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our costs for the rights, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. if our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses may be adversely affected.
the loss of programming distribution and licensing agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect our businesses.
nbcuniversal's cable networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with traditional and virtual multichannel video providers. the number of subscribers to nbcuniversal's cable networks has been, and likely will continue to be, reduced as a result of fewer subscribers to multichannel video providers. sky also depends on its ability to secure and maintain wholesale distribution agreements for its television channels with multichannel video providers.
increasingly, nbcuniversal and sky are entering into agreements to license their prior season and library content on other distribution platforms, including ott services. if this programming does not attract sufficient viewers, traditional and virtual multichannel video providers may not distribute nbcuniversal's or sky's programming, and ott services may not license programming nbcuniversal or sky creates. in addition, we expect not to license certain popular content, and we may decide not to license additional popular content that we own, to third parties so we may offer it exclusively through peacock, which would result in foregone licensing revenue.
nbcuniversal's broadcast television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where it does not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. in addition, every three years, each of its owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video providers within its dma, either "must-carry" status, in which the distributor's carriage of the station is mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or "retransmission consent," in which the station gives up its right to mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage with the distributor, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to the station by such distributor. for the current three-year period, which commenced on january 1, 2018, all of our owned nbc broadcast television stations and our owned telemundo broadcast television stations elected retransmission consent. however, certain illegal online entities may stream our broadcast television content online without our consent and without paying any compensation to us.
there can be no assurance that any of these agreements will be entered into or renewed in the future on acceptable terms. the inability to enter into or renew these agreements could reduce our revenues and the reach of our programming, which could adversely affect nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses.
less favorable telecommunications access regulations, the loss of sky's transmission agreements with satellite or telecommunications providers or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms could adversely affect sky's businesses.
sky relies on various third-party telecommunications providers to deliver its video, high-speed internet, voice and wireless phone services to its customers. for example, sky relies on satellites leased from third parties to provide most of its video services. in addition, pursuant to the current regulatory regimes in the u.k. and italy, sky is able to access networks owned by third-party telecommunications providers to offer its high-speed internet and phone services, in most cases, on regulated terms, including price. if there is a change in regulation in the u.k, italy or other markets where sky accesses networks owned by third-party telecommunications providers, the regulated terms could become less favorable. moreover, while sky is able to receive wholesale fiber access on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, pricing terms are not regulated. as a result, if sky is unable to enter into or renew its transmission agreements with satellite or telecommunications operators on commercially reasonable terms or if these operators were to terminate their agreements, sky may be unable to deliver some of its services to customers in one or more of the countries in which it operates, which would adversely affect sky's businesses and results of operations.
we rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations, and programming delivery, and technology embedded in our products and services, are critical to our business activities.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k cyber threats and attacks are directed at both known and newly discovered software and hardware vulnerabilities and are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. cyber threats and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks, information systems and other technologies. network, information systems and technology-related events, including those caused by us, such as process breakdowns, security architecture or design vulnerabilities, or by third parties, such as computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or power outages, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, a reduction in demand for our theme parks, disruption of the security of our internal systems and products and services or satellite transmission signals, the compromise of confidential or technical business information or damage to our equipment, data, properties and reputation. in addition, severe weather events such as hurricanes and wild fires have impacted our services, products and properties from time to time in the past and will in the future. the occurrence of these events may result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, products, services, networks or information systems to protect them from similar events in the future, and any such events could lead to litigation or otherwise have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, we obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and in some cases provide this information to third parties, in connection with our business. while we generally obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information may be compromised. any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our third-party's information technology systems, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach, could lead to litigation or could cause regulators to impose fines or other remedies for failure to comply with relevant customer privacy rules.
the risk of systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many of our businesses, and our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. in the ordinary course of our business, there are frequent attempts by third parties to cause such systems-related events and security breaches and to identify our security architecture or system design vulnerabilities. while we develop and maintain systems, and operate an extensive security program, seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development, maintenance and operation of these systems and programs is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated and evolve rapidly. despite our efforts to prevent these events and security breaches, we have experienced systems-related events and breaches in the past, and there can be no assurance that they will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches likely would not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result, and the occurrence of any such events or security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business.
our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
we rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, from importing into the united states or other jurisdictions in which we operate hardware that uses such intellectual property or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. we may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management's attention and resources away from our businesses. moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, our businesses could be adversely affected.
in addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses, and their success is highly dependent on protecting the intellectual property rights of the content they create or acquire against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. the unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights.
piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances that allow the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. in particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution platforms continues to present challenges for nbcuniversal's cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses. it also presents similar challenges for sky's businesses, including as a result of illegal retransmission of sports events. while piracy is a challenge in the united states, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the united states. if any u.s. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase.
we may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support.
we depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. while we actively monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. if any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, if our demand exceeds their capacity or if they breach or terminate their agreements with us or are otherwise unable to meet our specifications or provide the equipment, products or services we need in a timely manner (or at all), or at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some products or services may be adversely affected and we may incur additional costs.
weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses.
a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. weak economic conditions in the united states or globally could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. for example, customers may reduce the level of services to which they subscribe, or may discontinue subscribing to one or more of cable communications' or sky's services. this risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as ott video services, or substitute services for high-speed internet and voice services, such as mobile phones and wi-fi networks. weak economic conditions also negatively impact our advertising revenue, the performance of our films and home entertainment releases, and attendance and spending in our theme parks.
weak economic conditions and disruption in the global financial markets may also have an impact on the ability of third parties to satisfy their obligations to us or increase our exposure to currency fluctuations in countries where we operate. in addition, in connection with our acquisition of sky, we incurred and assumed a significant amount of additional debt. if our businesses are negatively impacted by weak economic conditions, we may not be able to reduce the amount of our debt outstanding as quickly as expected. further, a significant increase in interest rates or disruption in the global financial markets may affect our ability to obtain financing or to refinance existing debt on acceptable terms, if at all, and could increase the cost of our borrowings.
acquisitions and other strategic initiatives present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that we had contemplated.
from time to time, we make acquisitions and investments and may pursue other strategic initiatives, including our 2018 acquisition of sky and the development of peacock and new theme parks. in connection with such acquisitions and strategic initiatives, we may incur significant or unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, have difficulty incorporating an acquired or new line of business, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions or initiatives. additionally, federal regulatory agencies such as the fcc or doj or international regulators may impose restrictions on the operation of our businesses as a result of our seeking regulatory approvals for any significant acquisitions and strategic initiatives or may dissuade us from pursing certain transactions. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses.
we operate our businesses worldwide. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including global financial market turmoil; economic volatility and global economic slowdown; currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures; the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising; import or export restrictions, tariffs and trade regulations; difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations; issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations; and potentially adverse tax developments. although we employ foreign currency derivative instruments to hedge certain exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risks, including the british pound and euro, the use of such derivative instruments may not be sufficient to mitigate exchange comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k rate fluctuations. sky's businesses in particular are also subject to risks relating to uncertainties and effects of the u.k.'s withdrawal from the eu (referred to as "brexit"), including financial, legal, tax and trade implications. in addition, doing business internationally subjects us to risks relating to political or social unrest, as well as corruption and government regulation, including u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. if any of these events occur or our conduct does not comply with such laws and regulations, our businesses may be adversely affected.
unfavorable litigation or governmental investigation results could require us to pay significant amounts or lead to onerous operating procedures.
we are subject from time to time to a number of lawsuits both in the united states and in foreign countries, including claims relating to competition, intellectual property rights (including patents), employment and labor matters, personal injury and property damage, customer privacy, regulatory requirements, advertising, marketing and selling practices, and credit and collection issues. greater constraints on the use of arbitration to resolve certain of these disputes could adversely affect our business. we also spend substantial resources complying with various regulatory and government standards, including any related investigations and litigation. we may incur significant expenses defending any such suit or government charge and may be required to pay amounts or otherwise change our operations in ways that could adversely impact our businesses, results of operations or financial condition.
labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses.
many of nbcuniversal's employees, including writers, directors, actors, technical and production personnel and others, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. most of nbcuniversal's collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. if we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us, which could disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and the resolution of any disputes may increase our costs. there can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages.
in addition, our cable networks and broadcast television networks have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration with various sports organizations to broadcast and produce sporting events, including certain nfl, nhl, nba and mlb games. labor disputes in these and other sports organizations could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
the loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
we rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. while we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could have a negative impact on our businesses.
in addition, nbcuniversal and sky depend on the abilities and expertise of on-air and creative talent. if we fail to attract or retain on-air or creative talent, if the costs to attract or retain such talent increase materially, if we need to make significant termination payments, or if these individuals cause negative publicity or lose their current appeal, our businesses could be adversely affected.
our class b common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our chairman and ceo has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our class b common stock.
our class b common stock has a non-dilutable 33 1/3% of the combined voting power of our class a and class b common stock. this non-dilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of class b common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of class b common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of at&t corp.'s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. stock dividends payable on the class b common stock in the form of class b or class a common stock do not decrease the non-dilutable voting power of the class b common stock. the class b common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our board of directors or by our other shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other shareholders. these potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving us, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of class b common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into class b common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our class b common stock. brian l. roberts, our chairman and ceo, beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our class b common stock and, accordingly, comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k has considerable influence over our company and the potential ability to transfer effective control by selling the class b common stock, which could be at a premium.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the consolidated financial statements and related notes to enhance the understanding of our operations and our present business environment. components of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations include:
•   overview
•   results of operations
•   non-gaap financial measures
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   contractual obligations
•   off-balance sheet arrangements
•   recent accounting pronouncements
•   critical accounting judgments and estimates overview we are a global media and technology company with three primary businesses: comcast cable, nbcuniversal and sky. we present our operations for (1) comcast cable in one reportable business segment, referred to as cable communications; (2) nbcuniversal in four reportable business segments: cable networks, broadcast television, filmed entertainment and theme parks (collectively, the "nbcuniversal segments"); and (3) sky in one reportable business segment. following october 9, 2018, sky's results of operations are included in our consolidated results of operations. for more information about our company's operations, see item 1: business. additionally, refer to item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2018 annual report on form 10-k for management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017.
consolidated revenue, net income attributable to comcast corporation and adjusted ebitda(a)
(in billions)
revenue   net income attributable to comcast corporation   adjusted ebitda
(a)   adjusted ebitda is a financial measure that is not defined by generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). refer to the "non-gaap financial measure" section on page 51 for additional information, including our definition and our use of adjusted ebitda, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k
2019 consolidated operating results by segment(a)
revenue   adjusted ebitda
(a)   charts exclude the results of nbcuniversal headquarters and other, corporate and other, and eliminations.
2019 developments the following are the more significant developments in our businesses during 2019:
cable communications segment
•   revenue increased 3.7% to $58.1 billion, reflecting increases in high-speed internet, business services and wireless revenue, partially offset by declines in advertising, video and voice revenue
•   adjusted ebitda increased 7.3% to $23.3 billion
•   operating margin increased from 38.7% to 40.1%, reflecting increases in revenue from high-speed internet and business services and decreases in losses in our wireless business, partially offset by higher technical and product support expenses
•   capital expenditures decreased 10.5% to $6.9 billion, reflecting lower spending on scalable infrastructure and customer premise equipment, partially offset by an increase in support capital nbcuniversal segments
•   total nbcuniversal revenue decreased 5.0% to $34.0 billion and total nbcuniversal adjusted ebitda increased 2.0% to $8.8 billion
•   broadcast television and cable networks segments revenue decreased 10.3% to $10.3 billion and 2.2% to $11.5 billion, respectively, reflecting the impact of our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and 2018 super bowl; excluding revenue associated with the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and 2018 super bowl, cable networks and broadcast television segments revenue increased 1.0% and 0.1%, respectively, with the increase in cable networks primarily due to increases in distribution revenue, partially offset by decreases in content licensing revenue
•   filmed entertainment segment revenue decreased 9.2% to $6.5 billion, reflecting lower theatrical, home entertainment and other revenue, partially offset by an increase in content licensing
•   theme parks segment revenue increased 4.4% to $5.9 billion, reflecting increased guest spending and higher attendance in 2019 due, in part, to natural disasters that negatively impacted attendance in japan in 2018
•   announced that universal orlando resort is building an additional theme park named universal's epic universe sky segment
•   sky's results of operations for the full year 2019 are included in our consolidated results, with revenue of $19.2 billion and adjusted ebitda of $3.1 billion
•   on a pro forma basis, sky revenue decreased 3.0% to $19.2 billion. excluding the impact of foreign currency, pro forma sky revenue increased 1.7% primarily due to increases in content and direct-to-consumer revenues, partially offset by a decrease in advertising revenue
•   on a pro forma basis, sky adjusted ebitda increased 7.1% to $3.1 billion. excluding the impact of foreign currency, pro forma sky adjusted ebitda increased 12.2% primarily due to contract termination costs and costs related to a settlement in the prior year period.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k other
•   corporate and other revenue decreased 35.0% to $333 million primarily due to the sale of a controlling interest in our arena management-related businesses in the second quarter of 2018
•   corporate and other adjusted ebitda losses increased 12.9% to $880 million primarily due to costs associated with the development of peacock
•   announced peacock, our direct-to-consumer streaming service that will feature nbcuniversal content, which is expected to be launched in 2020
•   entered into a series of agreements in may 2019 with disney, whereby disney assumed full operational control of hulu, llc ("hulu") in exchange for certain put and call provisions regarding our ownership interest, and in august 2019, we received proceeds of $5.2 billion from a collateralized obligation secured by the proceeds guaranteed under the put and call provisions
•   repaid $15.6 billion of debt, including senior notes and term loans, and net repayments of commercial paper, which were funded with cash on hand, proceeds from the collateralized obligation related to hulu and proceeds from the $4.8 billion issuance of senior notes in november 2019
competition the results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services, and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and challenging existing business models. in particular, consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks even as it makes high-speed internet services more important to consumers. in addition, the increasing number of entertainment choices available to consumers has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content traditionally has been viewed by consumers. this increase has caused and likely will continue to cause audience ratings declines at our programming channels.
for additional information on the competition our businesses face, see item 1: business and item 1a: risk factors. within the business section, refer to the "competition" discussion, and within the risk factors section, refer to the risk factors entitled "our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively." and "changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models."
seasonality and cyclicality each of our businesses is subject to seasonal and cyclical variations. see item 1: business and refer to the "seasonality and cyclicality" discussion within that section for additional information.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k consolidated operating results year ended december 31 (in millions, except per share data)                                                  2019            2018            2017            % change            % change
2018 to 2019        2017 to 2018
revenue                                                                                                  $108,942         $94,507         $85,029                15.3    %           11.1   %
costs and expenses:
programming and production                                                                                 34,440          29,692          25,355                16.0                17.1
other operating and administrative                                                                         32,807          28,094          25,449                16.8                10.4
advertising, marketing and promotion                                                                        7,617           7,036           6,519                 8.2                 7.9
depreciation                                                                                                8,663           8,281           7,914                 4.6                 4.6
amortization                                                                                                4,290           2,736           2,216                56.8                23.5
other operating gains                                                                                           -            (341   )        (442    )             nm                  nm total costs and expenses                                                                                   87,817          75,498          67,011                16.3                12.7
operating income                                                                                           21,125          19,009          18,018                11.1                 5.5
interest expense                                                                                           (4,567   )      (3,542   )      (3,086    )           28.9                14.8
investment and other income (loss), net                                                                       438            (225   )         421               294.6              (153.4   )
income before income taxes                                                                                 16,996          15,242          15,353                11.5                (0.7   )
income tax (expense) benefit                                                                               (3,673   )      (3,380   )       7,569                 8.7              (144.7   )
net income                                                                                                 13,323          11,862          22,922                12.3               (48.2   )
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock           266             131             187               102.7               (29.8   )
net income attributable to comcast corporation                                                            $13,057         $11,731         $22,735                11.3    %          (48.4   )%
basic earnings per common share attributable to comcast corporation shareholders                            $2.87           $2.56           $4.83                12.1    %          (47.0   )%
diluted earnings per common share attributable to comcast corporation shareholders                          $2.83           $2.53           $4.75                11.9    %          (46.7   )%
adjusted ebitda(a)                                                                                        $34,258         $30,165         $27,956                13.6    %            7.9   %
all percentages are calculated based on actual amounts. minor differences may exist due to rounding.
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
(a)   adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measure" section on page 51 for additional information, including our definition and our use of adjusted ebitda, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda.
the comparability of our consolidated results of operations was impacted by the sky transaction in the fourth quarter of 2018. sky's results of operations are included in our consolidated financial statements following the october 9, 2018 acquisition date.
consolidated revenue the following graph illustrates the contributions to the increases in consolidated revenue made by our cable communications, nbcuniversal and sky segments, as well as by corporate and other activities including eliminations.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k   35
the primary drivers of the change in revenue from 2018 to 2019 were as follows:
•   our acquisition of sky in the fourth quarter of 2018, resulting in the inclusion of a full year of results for 2019
•   growth in our cable communications segment driven by increased revenue from residential high-speed internet, business services and wireless, partially offset by decreased revenue from advertising, video and voice
•   a decrease in nbcuniversal revenue primarily due to the absence of revenue associated with our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and the 2018 super bowl revenue for our segments and other businesses are discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results."
consolidated costs and expenses the following graph illustrates the contributions to the increases in consolidated operating costs and expenses, representing total costs and expenses excluding depreciation and amortization expense and other operating gains, made by our cable communications, nbcuniversal and sky segments, as well as by corporate and other activities, including eliminations.
the primary drivers of the change in operating costs and expenses from 2018 to 2019 were as follows:
•   our acquisition of sky in the fourth quarter of 2018, resulting in the inclusion of a full year of results for 2019
•   a decrease in nbcuniversal programming and production expenses primarily due to the absence of expenses associated with our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and the 2018 super bowl
•   an increase in technical and product support costs in our cable communications segment operating costs and expenses for our segments and our corporate operations, business development initiatives and other businesses are discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results."
consolidated depreciation and amortization expense year ended december 31 (in millions)        2019              2018              2017             % change             % change
2018 to 2019         2017 to 2018
cable communications                      $7,994            $8,262            $8,019                 (3.2    )%            3.0   %
nbcuniversal                               2,129             2,108             2,041                  0.9                  3.3
sky                                        2,699               539                 -                   nm                   nm corporate and other                          131               108                70                 21.4                 56.3
comcast consolidated                     $12,953           $11,017           $10,130                 17.6     %            8.8   %
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
consolidated depreciation and amortization expense increased in 2019 primarily due to the acquisition of sky in the fourth quarter of 2018, with a full year of expense included in our results of operations for 2019. additionally, during the first quarter of 2019, we recorded adjustments to the purchase price allocation of sky, primarily related to intangible assets and property and equipment. this change resulted in an adjustment recorded in the first quarter of 2019 related to the fourth quarter of 2018 that increased depreciation and amortization expense by $53 million.
36      comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k cable communications depreciation and amortization expense decreased due to lower spending on scalable infrastructure and customer premise equipment, partially offset by an increase in support capital. nbcuniversal depreciation and amortization expense was flat in 2019.
amortization expense from acquisition-related intangible assets, such as customer relationships, totaled $2.0 billion, $1.1 billion and $824 million for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. amounts primarily relate to customer relationship intangible assets recorded in connection with the sky transaction in the fourth quarter of 2018 (see note 8 to comcast's consolidated financial statements) and the nbcuniversal transaction in 2011.
consolidated other operating gains consolidated other operating gains for 2018 included $200 million related to the sale of a controlling interest in our arena management-related businesses in corporate and other (see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements) and $141 million related to the sale of a business in our filmed entertainment segment.
consolidated interest expense interest expense increased in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to increases in our debt outstanding associated with the financing of and debt assumed in connection with the sky transaction in the fourth quarter of 2018, as well as a $56 million charge related to the early redemption of debt that was recorded in the third quarter of 2019.
consolidated investment and other income (loss), net year ended december 31 (in millions)                                  2019          2018          2017
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net                      $(505   )     $(364   )      $107
realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net       656          (187   )       (17   )
other income (loss), net                                               287           326           331
total investment and other income (loss), net                         $438         $(225   )      $421
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net the change in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to our equity method investments in hulu and atairos group, inc. ("atairos"). the losses at hulu were primarily due to programming, advertising and marketing costs, and higher other administrative expenses. atairos follows investment company accounting and records its investments at their fair values each reporting period with the net gains or losses reflected in its statement of income. we recognize our share of these gains and losses in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net. the income (losses) at atairos were driven by fair value adjustments on its underlying investments. the table below summarizes the equity in net income (losses) of hulu and atairos in 2019, 2018 and 2017.
year ended december 31 (in millions)   2019      2018          2017
hulu                                   $(473     )   $(454     )     $(276   )
atairos                                $(64      )   $(31      )      $281
realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net the change in realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to gains of $293 million related to our interest in snap, which was sold in 2019, compared to losses of $268 million in 2018, and unrealized gains of $184 million related to our investment in peloton interactive, inc. ("peloton").
other income (loss), net the change in other income (loss), net in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to the recognition of $219 million of gains related to the dilution of our hulu ownership and $90 million of losses due to the impairment of an equity method investment. see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 9 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements for further information.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k consolidated income tax (expense) benefit income tax (expense) benefit reflects an effective income tax rate that differs from the federal statutory rate primarily due to state and foreign income taxes and adjustments associated with uncertain tax positions. our effective income tax rate in 2019 and 2018 was 21.6% and 22.2%, respectively.
in 2019, the effective income tax rate included $125 million of benefits related to state income tax adjustments recognized in the third quarter of 2019.
in 2018, the effective income tax rate included the effects of an income tax benefit of $244 million recognized during the fourth quarter of 2018 related to a reduction of our net deferred tax liability as a result of the acquisition of sky and $128 million recognized during the first quarter of 2018 related to the enactment of additional federal tax legislation in 2018, partially offset by $148 million of income tax expense due to state and federal tax law changes that were enacted in the third quarter of 2018.
consolidated net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to an increase in the redemption value of one of our noncontrolling interests.
segment operating results our segment operating results are presented based on how we assess operating performance and internally report financial information. we use adjusted ebitda as the measure of profit or loss for our operating segments. adjusted ebitda is defined as net income attributable to comcast corporation before net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock, income tax expense, investment and other income (loss), net, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating gains and losses (such as impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains or losses on the sale of long-lived assets), if any. from time to time we may exclude from adjusted ebitda the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges (such as significant legal settlements) that affect the period-to-period comparability of our operating performance. adjusted ebitda for our segments is not a non-gaap financial measure. we reconcile the aggregate amount of adjusted ebitda for our reportable business segments to consolidated income before income taxes in the notes to our consolidated financial statements (see note 2 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements).
beginning in the first quarter of 2019, comcast cable's wireless phone service and certain other cable-related business development initiatives are presented in the cable communications segment. results were previously presented in corporate and other. prior periods have been adjusted to reflect this presentation.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k cable communications segment results of operations revenue and adjusted ebitda   residential customer relationships
(in billions)                 (in millions)
year ended december 31 (in millions)        2019            2018            2017            % change            % change
2018 to 2019        2017 to 2018
revenue residential:
high-speed internet                      $18,752         $17,144         $15,681                 9.4    %            9.3   %
video                                     22,270          22,455          22,874                (0.8    )           (1.8   )
voice                                      3,879           3,960           4,090                (2.1    )           (3.2   )
wireless                                   1,167             890             329                31.2               170.3
business services                          7,795           7,129           6,437                 9.3                10.7
advertising                                2,465           2,795           2,450               (11.8    )           14.1
other                                      1,754           1,660           1,538                 5.7                 7.9
total revenue                             58,082          56,033          53,399                 3.7                 4.9
operating costs and expenses programming                               13,389          13,249          12,907                 1.1                 2.7
technical and product support              7,973           7,569           6,846                 5.3                10.6
customer service                           2,494           2,536           2,509                (1.6    )            1.1
advertising, marketing and promotion       4,014           4,002           3,866                 0.3                 3.5
franchise and other regulatory fees        1,582           1,578           1,590                 0.2                (0.8   )
other                                      5,364           5,418           5,126                (1.0    )            5.7
total operating costs and expenses        34,816          34,352          32,844                 1.4                 4.6
adjusted ebitda                          $23,266         $21,681         $20,555                 7.3    %            5.5   %
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k   39
customer metrics net additions
(in thousands)                               2019   2018                 2017         2019         2018         2017
customer relationships residential customer relationships         29,149        28,109        27,185        1,040          925          651
business services customer relationships    2,396         2,303         2,179           94          123          135
total customer relationships               31,545        30,412        29,364        1,134        1,048          787
residential customer relationships mix one product customers                      10,247         9,015         8,174        1,232          840          418
two product customers                       8,923         8,992         9,018          (69    )     (25    )     221
three or more product customers             9,979        10,102         9,993         (123    )     110           13
high-speed internet residential customers                      26,414        25,097        23,863        1,317        1,234        1,036
business services customers                 2,215         2,125         2,006           89          120          132
total high-speed internet customers        28,629        27,222        25,869        1,406        1,353        1,168
video residential customers                      20,288        20,959        21,303         (671    )    (344    )    (186    )
business services customers                   966         1,027         1,054          (61    )     (27    )      35
total video customers                      21,254        21,986        22,357         (733    )    (370    )    (151    )
voice residential customers                       9,934        10,153        10,316         (218    )    (163    )    (231    )
business services customers                 1,342         1,297         1,236           46           60           96
total voice customers                      11,276        11,449        11,552         (173    )    (103    )    (135    )
security and automation security and automation customers           1,375         1,317         1,131           59          186          239
wireless wireless lines                              2,052         1,236           381          816          854          381
customer metrics are presented based on actual amounts. minor differences may exist due to rounding. customer relationships represent the number of residential and business customers that subscribe to at least one of our services. one product, two product, and three or more product customers represent residential customers that subscribe to one, two, or three or more of our services, respectively. for mdus, including buildings located on college campuses, whose residents have the ability to receive additional services, such as additional programming choices or our hd or dvr services, we count and report customers based on the number of potential billable relationships within each mdu. for mdus whose residents are not able to receive additional services, the mdu is counted as a single customer. residential high-speed internet and video customers as of december 31, 2019 included prepaid customers totaling approximately 196,000 and 7,000, respectively. wireless lines represent the number of activated eligible wireless devices on customers' accounts. individual customer relationships may have multiple wireless lines.
2019                                                                             2018            2017
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship       $156.24         $156.23         $153.60
average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship      $62.59          $60.45          $59.13
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship is impacted by rate adjustments and changes in the types and levels of services received by our residential and business services customers, as well as changes in advertising revenue. while revenue from our residential high-speed internet, video and voice services are also impacted by changes in the allocation of revenue among services sold in a bundle, the allocation does not impact average monthly total revenue per customer relationship.
each of our services has a different contribution to operating margin. we use average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship to evaluate the profitability of our customer base across our service offerings. we believe this metric is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, including residential high-speed internet and business services.
cable communications segment - revenue we are a leading provider of high-speed internet, video, voice, wireless, and security and automation services to residential customers in the united states under the xfinity brand; we also provide these and other services to business customers and sell advertising. we generate revenue primarily from residential and business customers that subscribe to our services, which we market individually and as bundled services. we also generate revenue from selling through our allocation of scheduled advertising time on cable networks that is received as part of distribution agreements with these networks to local, regional and national advertisers.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k high-speed internet we offer high-speed internet services with downstream speeds that range up to 1 gigabit per second ("gbps") and fiber-based speeds that range up to 2 gbps. we also deploy wireless gateways to customers that combine an internet and voice modem with a wi-fi router to deliver reliable internet speeds and enhanced coverage through an in-and-out-of-home wi-fi network. customers with xfi-enabled wireless gateways may also personalize and manage their wi-fi network remotely, which includes viewing and changing their wi-fi password, identifying which devices are connected to their in-home network, setting parental controls and schedules, advanced security, as well as other features. we believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings.
revenue increased in 2019 primarily due to an increase in the number of residential high-speed internet customers. the remaining increase in revenue in 2019 was due to an increase in average rates.
video we offer a broad variety of video services packages that may include premium networks, pay-per-view services and our on demand service. our video customers may also subscribe for additional fees to our hd and dvr services.
revenue was flat in 2019 primarily due to a decline in the number of residential video customers, offset by an increase in average rates.
we have experienced, and expect that we will continue to experience, declines in the number of residential video customers due to competitive pressures, and we expect that our video revenue will continue to decline as a result of the competitive environment and shifting video consumption patterns. we believe our x1 platform helps us compete more effectively against this competition, and have also continued to employ sales and marketing programs, such as promotions, bundled service offerings and service offerings targeted at specific market segments.
voice we offer voice services that provide local and long-distance calling and other related features.
revenue decreased in 2019 primarily due to a decline in the number of residential voice customers.
we expect that the number of residential voice customers and voice revenue will continue to decline.
wireless we offer wireless phone services to customers that may choose to pay for services on an unlimited data plan or per gigabyte of data used.
revenue increased in 2019 primarily due to an increase in the number of customer lines.
business services we offer a variety of products and services to businesses. our service offerings for small business locations primarily include high-speed internet services, as well as voice and video services, that are similar to those provided to residential customers, as well as cloud-based cybersecurity services, wireless backup connectivity, advanced wi-fi solutions, video monitoring services and cloud-based services that provide file sharing, online backup and web conferencing, among other features. we also offer ethernet network services that connect multiple locations and provide higher downstream and upstream speed options to medium-sized customers and larger enterprises, as well as advanced voice services, along with video solutions that serve hotels and other large venues. in addition, we provide cellular backhaul services to mobile network operators to help them manage their network bandwidth.
we have expanded our service offerings to include a software-defined networking product for medium-sized and enterprise customers. larger enterprises may also receive support services related to wi-fi networks, router management, network security, business continuity risks and other services. these service offerings are primarily provided to fortune 1000 companies and other large enterprises with multiple locations.
revenue increased in 2019 primarily due to an increase in the number of customers receiving our services and an increase in average rates.
advertising as part of our distribution agreements with cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time that is sold through our advertising business to local, regional and national advertisers. in most cases, the available advertising units are sold by our sales force. in some cases, we work with representation firms as an extension of our sales force to sell a portion of the advertising units allocated to us. we also represent the advertising sales efforts of other multichannel video providers in some markets. in addition, we generate revenue from the sale of advertising on our digital platforms. we also provide technology, tools, data-driven services and marketplace solutions to customers in the media industry, which allow advertisers to more effectively comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k engage with their target audiences. revenue is affected by the strength of the advertising market, general economic conditions, and cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising.
revenue decreased in 2019 primarily due to a decrease in political advertising revenue. excluding political advertising revenue, advertising revenue was consistent with the prior year.
in 2019, 5% of our advertising revenue was generated from our nbcuniversal segments, compared to 4% and 5% in 2018 and 2017, respectively. these amounts are eliminated in our consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
other other revenue primarily includes revenue related to our security and automation services. we also receive revenue related to residential customer late fees and from other services, such as the licensing of our technology platforms to other multichannel video providers.
revenue increased in 2019 primarily due to an increase in revenue from our security and automation services and the timing of the licensing of our technology platforms to other multichannel video providers.
cable communications segment - operating costs and expenses programming expenses programming expenses, which represent our most significant operating expense, are the fees we incur to provide content to our customers. these expenses are affected by the programming license fees charged by content providers, the fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations, the number of customers we serve and the amount of content we provide.
programming expenses increased in 2019 primarily due to an increase in retransmission consent and sports programming fees, partially offset by a decline in the number of video subscribers.
we anticipate that our programming expenses will increase at rates higher than those experienced in 2019, due to the timing of contract renewals in 2020.
technical and product support expenses expenses include costs to complete service call and installation activities, as well as costs for network operations, product development, fulfillment and provisioning, as well as the cost of wireless handsets and tablets sold to customers and monthly wholesale wireless access fees.
expenses increased in 2019 primarily due to expenses related to the continued development, deployment and support of our products and services, expenses related to the continued growth in business services, and increased costs associated with our wireless phone service. wireless phone service costs increased primarily due to an increase in the number of lines.
customer service expenses expenses include the personnel and other costs associated with handling the sale of services to customers and customer service activity.
expenses decreased in 2019 primarily due to lower personnel costs as a result of decreased customer call activity.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses expenses include the costs associated with attracting new customers and promoting our service offerings.
expenses were flat in 2019 primarily due to an increase in spending associated with attracting new customers, offset by the absence of advertising expenses associated with the 2018 pyeongchang olympics.
franchise and other regulatory fees franchise and other regulatory fees represent the fees we are required to pay to federal, state and local authorities under the terms of our cable franchise agreements.
franchise and other regulatory fees were flat in 2019.
other expenses expenses primarily include personnel costs, advertising expenses, and building and facilities costs.
other operating costs and expenses decreased in 2019 primarily due to increased costs incurred in the prior year as we continued to scale our wireless phone service, partially offset by higher personnel costs in the current year.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k cable communications segment - operating margin our operating margin is adjusted ebitda as a percentage of revenue. the most significant operating costs and expenses are the programming expenses we incur to provide content to our video customers, which increased 1.1% in 2019.
our operating margin was 40.1%, 38.7% and 38.5% in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, particularly residential high-speed internet and business services, and on improving losses related to our wireless phone service and overall operating cost management. losses from our wireless phone service were $401 million, $743 million and $480 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
nbcuniversal segments overview
2019 nbcuniversal segments operating results(a)
revenue   adjusted ebitda
(a) charts exclude the results of nbcuniversal headquarters, other, and eliminations.
year ended december 31 (in millions)        2019            2018                 2017       % change               % change
2018 to 2019           2017 to 2018
revenue cable networks                           $11,513         $11,773         $10,497                (2.2   )%     12.2   %
broadcast television                      10,261          11,439           9,563               (10.3    )     19.6
filmed entertainment                       6,493           7,152           7,595                (9.2    )     (5.8   )
theme parks                                5,933           5,683           5,443                 4.4           4.4
headquarters, other and eliminations        (233   )        (286   )        (262    )             nm            nm total revenue                            $33,967         $35,761         $32,836                (5.0   )%      8.9   %
adjusted ebitda cable networks                            $4,444          $4,428          $4,053                 0.4    %      9.3   %
broadcast television                       1,730           1,657           1,251                 4.4          32.5
filmed entertainment                         833             734           1,276                13.5         (42.5   )
theme parks                                2,455           2,455           2,384                   -           3.0
headquarters, other and eliminations        (690   )        (676   )        (746    )             nm            nm total adjusted ebitda                     $8,772          $8,598          $8,218                 2.0    %      4.6   %
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k   43
cable networks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2019            2018            2017           % change            % change
2018 to 2019        2017 to 2018
revenue distribution                              $6,790          $6,826          $6,081               (0.5   )%           12.3   %
advertising                                3,478           3,587           3,359               (3.0    )            6.8
content licensing and other                1,245           1,360           1,057               (8.5    )           28.6
total revenue                             11,513          11,773          10,497               (2.2    )           12.2
operating costs and expenses programming and production                 5,107           5,357           4,599               (4.7    )           16.5
other operating and administrative         1,499           1,453           1,326                3.2                 9.5
advertising, marketing and promotion         463             535             519              (13.6    )            3.2
total operating costs and expenses         7,069           7,345           6,444               (3.8    )           14.0
adjusted ebitda                           $4,444          $4,428          $4,053                0.4    %            9.3   %
cable networks segment - revenue distribution revenue is generated from the distribution of our cable network programming to traditional and virtual multichannel video providers and is affected by the number of subscribers receiving our cable networks and the fees we charge per subscriber.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                     2019            2018            2017           % change            % change
2018 to 2019        2017 to 2018
distribution                                           $6,790          $6,826          $6,081               (0.5   )%           12.3   %
distribution, excluding 2018 pyeongchang olympics       6,790           6,590           6,081                3.0                 8.4
revenue was flat in 2019 compared to 2018, which included the revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics. excluding $236 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics, distribution revenue increased in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to increases in the contractual rates charged under distribution agreements and the timing of contract renewals, partially offset by increased declines in the number of subscribers at our cable networks.
advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our cable networks and digital properties. advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we charge for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings, the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers and the number of advertising units we can place in our cable networks' programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the audience ratings of our programming, the strength of the national advertising market and general economic conditions.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2019            2018            2017           % change            % change
2018 to 2019        2017 to 2018
advertising                                           $3,478          $3,587          $3,359               (3.0   )%            6.8   %
advertising, excluding 2018 pyeongchang olympics       3,478           3,445           3,359                1.0                 2.6
revenue decreased in 2019 primarily due to the absence of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics. excluding $142 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics, advertising revenue increased reflecting higher prices for advertising units sold, partially offset by declines in audience ratings at our networks.
content licensing and other revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to cable and broadcast networks and subscription video on demand services, as well as from the sale of our owned programming on dvds and through digital distribution services such as itunes. in addition, our cable television studio production operations generate revenue from programming the studio produces for third-party networks and for subscription video on demand services.
revenue decreased in 2019 primarily due to the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements.
in 2019, 2018 and 2017, 15%, 14% and 15%, respectively, of our cable networks segment revenue was generated from our cable communications segment. these amounts are eliminated in comcast's consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
44      comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k cable networks segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
costs decreased in 2019 primarily due to the absence of costs associated with our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics.
other operating and administrative expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
expenses increased in 2019 primarily due to higher employee-related costs and increases in costs associated with our various digital properties.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting programming on our cable networks and digital properties.
expenses decreased in 2019 primarily due to lower spending on marketing related to our programming and digital properties, as well as the absence of spending on marketing related to the 2018 pyeongchang olympics.
broadcast television segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2019            2018            2017           % change            % change
2018 to 2019        2017 to 2018
revenue advertising                               $5,712          $7,010          $5,654              (18.5   )%           24.0   %
content licensing                          2,157           2,182           2,114               (1.1    )            3.2
distribution and other                     2,392           2,247           1,795                6.4                25.2
total revenue                             10,261          11,439           9,563              (10.3    )           19.6
operating costs and expenses programming and production                 6,547           7,789           6,440              (15.9    )           20.9
other operating and administrative         1,564           1,547           1,391                1.1                11.1
advertising, marketing and promotion         420             446             481               (5.9    )           (7.3   )
total operating costs and expenses         8,531           9,782           8,312              (12.8    )           17.7
adjusted ebitda                           $1,730          $1,657          $1,251                4.4    %           32.5   %
broadcast television segment - revenue advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our broadcast networks, owned local broadcast television stations and digital properties. advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we charge for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings and the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers, and the number of advertising units we can place in our broadcast networks' and owned local television stations' programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the national and local advertising markets, general economic conditions, cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising, and the success and ratings of our programming.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                                        2019            2018            2017       % change            % change
2018 to 2019        2017 to 2018
advertising                                                               $5,712          $7,010          $5,654          (18.5   )%           24.0   %
advertising, excluding 2018 pyeongchang olympics and 2018 super bowl       5,712           5,929           5,654           (3.7   )             4.9
revenue decreased in 2019 primarily due to the absence of revenue associated with our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and the 2018 super bowl. excluding $1.1 billion of revenue associated with our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and the 2018 super bowl, advertising revenue decreased due to the absence of revenue associated with telemundo's broadcast of the 2018 fifa world cup russiatm, as well as the impact of continued declines in audience ratings, partially offset by higher pricing for advertising units sold.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k content licensing revenue is generated from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to various distribution platforms, including to cable and broadcast networks, and to subscription video on demand services. in addition, our broadcast television studio production operations develop and produce original content that they license to broadcast networks, cable networks and local broadcast television stations owned by us and third parties, as well as to subscription video on demand services. the production and distribution costs related to our owned programming generally exceed the revenue generated from the initial network license, which means the subsequent licensing of our owned programming series following the initial network license is critical to their financial success.
content licensing revenue decreased in 2019 primarily due to the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements.
distribution and other we generate distribution and other revenue primarily from fees for retransmission consent of our owned local broadcast television stations and associated fees received from nbc-affiliated local broadcast television stations, as well as from the sale of our owned programming on dvds and through digital distribution services. the sale of our owned programming is driven primarily by the popularity of our broadcast networks and programming series and therefore fluctuates based on consumer spending and acceptance. distribution and other revenue also includes distribution revenue associated with our periodic broadcasts of the olympic games.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                               2019            2018            2017            % change            % change
2018 to 2019        2017 to 2018
distribution and other                                           $2,392          $2,247          $1,795                 6.4    %           25.2   %
distribution and other, excluding 2018 pyeongchang olympics       2,392           2,135           1,795                12.0                19.0
revenue increased in 2019 primarily due to increases in fees recognized under our retransmission consent agreements, which was partially offset by the absence of $112 million of revenue resulting from our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics.
broadcast television segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs expenses relate to content that originates on our broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations, as well as owned content that is licensed to third parties. these costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming costs, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
expenses decreased in 2019 primarily due to the absence of costs associated with our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and the 2018 super bowl.
other operating and administrative expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses. expenses increased in 2019 primarily due to increases in overhead expenses, partially offset by decreases in employee-related costs.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting our owned and acquired television programming, as well as the marketing of dvds and costs associated with our digital properties. these expenses decreased in 2019 primarily due to decreased spending on marketing related to our sports and local programming.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k filmed entertainment segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2019            2018            2017            % change            % change
2018 to 2019        2017 to 2018
revenue theatrical                                $1,469          $2,111          $2,192               (30.4   )%           (3.7   )%
content licensing                          3,045           2,899           2,956                 5.1                (1.9   )
home entertainment                           957           1,048           1,287                (8.7    )          (18.6   )
other                                      1,022           1,094           1,160                (6.7    )           (5.7   )
total revenue                              6,493           7,152           7,595                (9.2    )           (5.8   )
operating costs and expenses programming and production                 2,949           3,446           3,500               (14.4    )           (1.5   )
other operating and administrative         1,131           1,189           1,260                (4.9    )           (5.7   )
advertising, marketing and promotion       1,580           1,783           1,559               (11.4    )           14.3
total operating costs and expenses         5,660           6,418           6,319               (11.8    )            1.6
adjusted ebitda                             $833            $734          $1,276                13.5    %          (42.5   )%
filmed entertainment segment - revenue theatrical revenue is generated from the worldwide theatrical release of our produced and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters and is significantly affected by the timing of each release and the number of films we distribute, as well as their acceptance by audiences. theatrical revenue is also affected by the number of exhibition screens, ticket prices, the percentage of ticket sale retention by the exhibitors and the popularity of competing films at the time our films are released. the success of a film in movie theaters is a significant factor in determining the revenue a film is likely to generate in succeeding distribution platforms.
revenue decreased in 2019 primarily due to the strength and volume of releases in our 2018 film slate, partially offset by the releases in our 2019 film slate. the following key titles released in each respective fiscal year were contributors to the drivers of changes in theatrical revenue:
worldwide theatrical releases
2019                                         2018
fast &amp; furious: hobbs &amp; shaw         jurassic world: fallen kingdom how to train your dragon: the hidden world   dr. seuss' the grinch secret life of pets 2                        mamma mia! here we go again us                                           fifty shades freed content licensing revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our produced and acquired films to cable, broadcast and premium networks, and to subscription video on demand services.
revenue increased in 2019 primarily due to the timing of when content was made available under licensing agreements.
home entertainment revenue is generated from the sale of our produced and acquired films on dvds to retail stores and rental kiosks, and through digital distribution services and video on demand services provided by multichannel video providers. revenue is significantly affected by the timing and number of our releases and their acceptance by consumers. release dates are determined by several factors, including the timing of the exhibition of a film in movie theaters, holiday periods and the timing of competitive releases. the overall dvd market continues to experience declines due to the maturation of the dvd format from increasing shifts in consumer behavior toward digital distribution services and subscription rental services, both of which generate less revenue per transaction than dvd sales, as well as due to piracy.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k revenue decreased in 2019 primarily due to higher sales of 2018 releases in the prior year period, partially offset by sales of 2019 releases in the current year period. the following key titles released in each respective fiscal year were contributors to the drivers of changes in home entertainment revenue:
home entertainment releases
2019                                         2018
how to train your dragon: the hidden world   jurassic world: fallen kingdom fast &amp; furious: hobbs &amp; shaw         fifty shades freed dr. seuss' the grinch                        mamma mia! here we go again other revenue is generated from fandango, our movie ticketing and entertainment business, consumer products, the production and licensing of live stage plays, and the distribution of filmed entertainment produced by third parties.
revenue decreased in 2019 primarily due to a decrease in revenue from consumer products and the absence of revenue associated with the sale of a business in 2018, partially offset by an increase in revenue from our movie ticketing and entertainment business.
filmed entertainment segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs expenses include the amortization of capitalized film production and acquisition costs, residual and participation payments, and distribution expenses. residual payments represent amounts payable to individuals hired under collective bargaining agreements to work on productions and are calculated based on post-theatrical revenue. participation payments are primarily based on film performance and represent contingent consideration payable to creative talent, to third parties that have entered into cofinancing agreements with us and to other parties involved in the production of a film. the costs associated with producing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
expenses decreased in 2019 due to higher amortization of film production costs in 2018 compared to 2019.
other operating and administrative expenses expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
expenses decreased in 2019 primarily due to the absence of expenses associated with the sale of a business in 2018.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses expenses consist primarily of expenses associated with advertising for our theatrical releases and the marketing of our films on dvds and in digital formats. we incur significant marketing expenses before and throughout the release of a film in movie theaters. as a result, we typically incur losses on a film prior to and during the film's exhibition in movie theaters and may not realize profits, if any, until the film generates home entertainment and content licensing revenue. the costs associated with marketing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
expenses decreased in 2019 primarily due to higher spending on the marketing of releases in the prior year.
theme parks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2019            2018            2017       % change           % change 2017 to 2018
2018 to 2019
revenue                                   $5,933          $5,683          $5,443                4.4   %                     4.4   %
operating costs and expenses               3,478           3,228           3,059                7.7   5.5
adjusted ebitda                           $2,455          $2,455          $2,384       -              %                     3.0   %
theme parks segment - revenue revenue is generated primarily from guest spending at universal theme parks. guest spending includes ticket sales and in-park spending on food, beverages and merchandise. guest spending depends heavily on the general environment for travel and tourism, including consumer spending on travel and other recreational activities.
revenue increased in 2019 due to increases in guest spending driven by new attractions, such as hagrid's magical creatures motorbike adventuretm in orlando, and also higher attendance due, in part, to natural disasters that negatively impacted attendance in japan in 2018.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k theme parks segment - operating costs and expenses expenses consist primarily of theme park operations, including repairs and maintenance and related administrative expenses; food, beverage and merchandise costs; labor costs; and sales and marketing costs.
expenses increased in 2019 primarily due to higher costs to operate the parks and attractions.
nbcuniversal headquarters, other and eliminations expenses incurred by our nbcuniversal businesses include overhead, personnel costs and costs associated with corporate initiatives. expenses increased in 2019 primarily due to higher employee-related costs.
sky segment results of operations sky's results of operations are included in our consolidated financial statements following the october 9, 2018 acquisition date, impacting the comparability of results of operations from fiscal year 2018 to fiscal year 2019, and as a result, actual growth rates are not meaningful.
the discussion below compares sky's actual results for 2019 to pro forma results for 2018. the pro forma segment information includes adjustments as if the sky transaction occurred on january 1, 2017. pro forma data is also adjusted for the effects of acquisition accounting and eliminating the costs and expenses directly related to the transaction, but does not include adjustments for costs related to integration activities, cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined business. pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of what our results would have been had we operated the sky business since january 1, 2017, nor of our future results.
2019                                                                                                                                                2018                                                         % change 2018 to 2019
year ended december 31 (in millions)      actual          actualoctober 9 to december 31          pro forma adjustments(a)         pro forma combined           pro forma combinedgrowth           constant currency growth(b)
revenue direct-to-consumer                       $15,538                                  $3,632                           $12,445                    $16,077                               (3.4      )%                           1.4   %
content                                    1,432                                     304                               944                      1,248                               14.7                                  19.7
advertising                                2,249                                     651                             1,838                      2,489                               (9.6       )                          (5.4   )
total revenue                             19,219                                   4,587                            15,227                     19,814                               (3.0       )                           1.7
operating costs and expenses programming and production                 8,865                                   2,137                             6,685                      8,822                                0.5                                   5.4
direct network costs                       1,746                                     399                             1,225                      1,624                                7.5                                  12.3
other                                      5,509                                   1,359                             5,115                      6,474                              (14.9       )                         (10.8   )
total operating costs and expenses        16,120                                   3,895                            13,025                     16,920                               (4.7       )                          (0.1   )
adjusted ebitda                           $3,099                                    $692                            $2,202                     $2,894                                7.1       %                          12.2   %
all percentages are calculated based on actual amounts. minor differences may exist due to rounding.
(a)   pro forma amounts include the results of operations for sky for the period january 1, 2018 through october 8, 2018, as well as acquisition accounting adjustments.
(b)   constant currency growth is a non-gaap financial measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measures" section on page 51 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of sky's constant currency growth rates.
customer metrics net additions
2019                                    2018                 2019              2018
(in thousands)                 actual        actual        actual         pro forma total customer relationships   23,994        23,600           394               735
sky customer relationships represent the number of residential retail customers that subscribe to at least one of sky's four primary services of video, high-speed internet, voice and wireless phone service. commercial retail customers include hotels, bars, workplaces and restaurants with an active subscription for the purpose of providing sky services to customers. sky reports commercial customers based on the number of commercial agreements per venue in the u.k., a residential equivalent unit based upon the multiple of residential customer revenue in italy and the number of active venues (bars and restaurants) or rooms (hotels and clinics) in germany.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k
2019                                                                                          2018   % change 2018 to 2019
actual         pro forma   pro formagrowth           constantcurrencygrowth(a)
average monthly direct-to-consumer revenue per customer relationship      $54.41            $57.67   (5.7              )%      (1.0                        )%
(a)   constant currency growth is a non-gaap financial measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measures" section on page 51 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of sky's constant currency growth rates.
average monthly direct-to-consumer revenue per customer relationship is impacted by rate adjustments and changes in the types and levels of services received by sky's customers. each of sky's services has a different contribution to adjusted ebitda.
sky segment - revenue direct-to-consumer revenue is derived from subscription and transactional revenue from residential and business customers. subscription revenue includes revenue from residential and business subscribers to video, high-speed internet, voice and wireless phone services, including ott subscriptions and income from set-top boxes, wireless phone handset and tablet sales, installation, service calls and warranties. transactional revenue includes the purchase of physical and digital content, ott daily and weekly passes, and pay-per-view programming.
revenue decreased in 2019 compared to 2018. excluding the impact of foreign currency, revenue increased primarily due to increases in customer relationships, partially offset by decreases in average revenue per customer relationship.
content revenue is derived from the distribution of sky's owned television channels on third-party platforms and the licensing of owned and acquired programming to third-party video providers.
revenue increased in 2019 compared to 2018. excluding the impact of foreign currency, revenue increased reflecting the wholesaling of sports programming, including exclusive sports rights acquired in italy and germany and the monetization of sky's slate of original programming.
advertising revenue is derived from the sale of advertising and sponsorships across sky's owned television channels and where it represents the sales efforts of third-party channels.
revenue decreased in 2019 compared to 2018. excluding the impact of foreign currency, revenue decreased reflecting the impact of changes in legislation related to gambling advertisements in the u.k. and italy that occurred in the third quarter of 2019, as well as overall market weakness.
sky segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs expenses primarily relate to content originating on sky's channels. these costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming costs, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, and on-air talent costs. these expenses also include the fees associated with programming distribution agreements for channels owned by third parties, which are generally based on the number of customers who are able to watch the programming and the platforms on which the content is provided.
expenses were flat in 2019 compared to 2018. excluding the impact of foreign currency, expenses increased primarily due to an increase in the cost of sports programming contracts.
direct network costs expenses primarily include costs directly related to the supply of high-speed internet and voice services, including wireless phone services, to sky's customers. this includes call costs, monthly wholesale access fees and other variable costs associated with sky's network. in addition, it includes the cost of mobile handsets sold to customers.
expenses increased in 2019 compared to 2018. excluding the impact of foreign currency, expenses increased primarily due to increases in costs associated with sky's wireless phone service as a result of increases in the number of customers receiving the service.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k other expenses expenses include costs related to marketing, fees paid to third-party channels where sky represents the advertising sales efforts, subscriber management, supply chain, transmission, technology, fixed networks and general administrative costs.
expenses decreased in 2019 compared to 2018. excluding the impact of foreign currency, expenses decreased primarily due to contract termination costs and costs related to a settlement in the prior year, and a favorable settlement in the current year.
we anticipate that expenses will increase in 2020 compared to 2019 due to the launch of high-speed internet service in italy, as well as continued acceleration of sky q across all of our markets.
corporate and other results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)              2019          2018          2017       % change            % change
2018 to 2019        2017 to 2018
revenue                                           $333          $513          $864       (35.0          )%   (40.7          )%
operating costs and expenses                     1,393         1,772         1,973       (21.3          )    (10.2          )
adjustment for legal settlement                      -          (125   )      (250   )   nm                  nm adjustment for sky transaction-related costs      (180   )      (355   )         -       nm                  nm adjusted ebitda                                  $(880   )     $(779   )     $(859   )   (12.9          )%   9.3            %
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
corporate and other - revenue revenue primarily relates to comcast spectacor, which owns the philadelphia flyers and the wells fargo center arena in philadelphia, pennsylvania.
revenue decreased in 2019 primarily due to the sale of a controlling interest in our arena management-related businesses in the second quarter of 2018.
corporate and other - operating costs and expenses expenses primarily include overhead, personnel costs, the costs of other business initiatives, such as the development of peacock and operating costs and expenses associated with comcast spectacor.
expenses decreased in 2019 primarily due to costs directly related to the sky transaction and a legal settlement in the prior year, as well as the absence of costs associated with our arena management-related businesses. the decrease was partially offset by an increase in other costs associated with the sky transaction, including expenses resulting from the replacement of share-based compensation awards and costs related to integration activities, as well as start up costs associated with peacock. corporate and other adjusted ebitda excludes sky transaction-related costs and costs associated with a legal settlement.
we plan to launch peacock in 2020 and expect to incur significant costs to develop and scale our direct-to-consumer streaming service.
non-gaap financial measures consolidated adjusted ebitda adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure and is the primary basis used to measure the operational strength and performance of our businesses as well as to assist in the evaluation of underlying trends in our businesses. this measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. it is also unaffected by our capital and tax structures, and by our investment activities, including the results of entities that we do not consolidate, as our management excludes these results when evaluating our operating performance. our management and board of directors use this financial measure to evaluate our consolidated operating performance and the operating performance of our operating segments and to allocate resources and capital to our operating segments. it is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. additionally, we believe that adjusted ebitda is useful to investors because it is one of the bases for comparing our operating performance with that of other companies in our industries, although our measure of adjusted ebitda may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
we define adjusted ebitda as net income attributable to comcast corporation before net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock, income tax expense, investment and other income (loss), net, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating gains and losses (such as impairment charges related comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k   51
to fixed and intangible assets and gains or losses on the sale of long-lived assets), if any. from time to time we may exclude from adjusted ebitda the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges (such as significant legal settlements) that affect the period-to-period comparability of our operating performance.
we reconcile consolidated adjusted ebitda to net income attributable to comcast corporation. this measure should not be considered a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to comcast corporation, or net cash provided by operating activities that we have reported in accordance with gaap.
reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda year ended december 31 (in millions)                                                                           2019                             2018                             2017
net income attributable to comcast corporation                                                              $13,057                          $11,731                          $22,735
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock                   266                              131                              187
income tax (benefit) expense                                                                                  3,673                            3,380                           (7,569          )
investment and other (income) loss, net                                                                        (438          )                   225                             (421          )
interest expense                                                                                              4,567                            3,542                            3,086
depreciation                                                                                                  8,663                            8,281                            7,914
amortization                                                                                                  4,290                            2,736                            2,216
other operating gains                                                                                             -                             (341          )                  (442          )
adjustment for sky transaction-related costs                                                                    180                              355                                -
adjustment for legal settlement                                                                                   -                              125                              250
adjusted ebitda                                                                                             $34,258                          $30,165                          $27,956
constant currency constant currency and constant currency growth rates are non-gaap financial measures that present our results of operations excluding the estimated effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. certain of our businesses, including sky, have operations outside the united states that are conducted in local currencies. as a result, the comparability of the financial results reported in u.s. dollars is affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. in our sky segment, we use constant currency and constant currency growth rates to evaluate the underlying performance of the business, and we believe it is helpful for investors to present operating results on a comparable basis year over year to evaluate its underlying performance.
constant currency and constant currency growth rates are calculated by comparing the prior year results adjusted to reflect the average exchange rates from the current year rather than the actual exchange rates that were in effect during the respective prior year.
reconciliation of sky constant currency growth rates
2019                                                                                                          2018              % change 2018 to 2019
year ended december 31 (in millions, except per customer data)                actual             constant currency           constant currency growth revenue direct-to-consumer                                                           $15,538                        15,326                                1.4   %
content                                                                        1,432                         1,196                               19.7
advertising                                                                    2,249                         2,376                               (5.4   )
total revenue                                                                 19,219                        18,898                                1.7
operating costs and expenses programming and production                                                     8,865                         8,406                                5.4
direct network costs                                                           1,746                         1,555                               12.3
other                                                                          5,509                         6,173                              (10.8   )
total operating costs and expenses                                            16,120                        16,134                               (0.1   )
adjusted ebitda                                                               $3,099                        $2,764                               12.2   %
average monthly direct-to-consumer revenue per customer relationship          $54.41                        $54.98                               (1.0   )%
52      comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k liquidity and capital resources our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; available borrowings under our existing credit facilities; and our ability to obtain future external financing. we anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures, investing in business opportunities and returning capital to shareholders.
we maintain significant availability under our revolving credit facilities and our commercial paper programs to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. our commercial paper programs provide a lower-cost source of borrowing to fund our short-term working capital requirements. see note 7 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for additional information on our revolving credit facilities. as of december 31, 2019, amounts available under our revolving credit facilities, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper programs and outstanding letters of credit and bank guarantees, totaled $9.2 billion.
comcast, nbcuniversal and comcast cable are subject to the covenants and restrictions set forth in the indentures governing our public debt securities and in the credit agreements governing the comcast revolving credit facility. the financial covenant in the credit facility pertains to leverage, which is the ratio of debt to ebitda, as defined in the credit facility. we test for compliance with this financial covenant on an ongoing basis. as of december 31, 2019, we met this financial covenant by a significant margin. we do not expect to have to reduce debt or improve operating results in order to continue to comply with this financial covenant. in addition, the universal studios japan term loans contain certain financial covenants. as of december 31, 2019, universal studios japan was in compliance with all of these covenants.
operating activities components of net cash provided by operating activities year ended december 31 (in millions)                            2019                    2018                    2017
operating income                                             $21,125                 $19,009                 $18,018
depreciation, amortization and other operating gains          12,953                  10,676                   9,688
noncash share-based compensation                               1,021                     826                     751
changes in operating assets and liabilities                   (2,335       )          (1,313       )            (546       )
payments of interest                                          (4,254       )          (2,897       )          (2,820       )
payments of income taxes                                      (3,231       )          (2,355       )          (4,057       )
proceeds from investments and other                              418                     351                     227
net cash provided by operating activities                    $25,697                 $24,297                 $21,261
the variance in changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily related to the timing of film and television costs and our broadcast of the 2018 super bowl at nbcuniversal, partially offset by the timing of collections on receivables and our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics.
the increase in interest payments in 2019 was primarily due to higher levels of debt outstanding, including the issuance of new debt in 2018 associated with the financing of the sky transaction.
the increase in income tax payments in 2019 was primarily due to reduced tax payments in 2018 as a result of federal income tax overpayments in 2017.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities in 2019 consisted primarily of capital expenditures, purchases of investments, cash paid for intangible assets and the construction of universal beijing resort. net cash used in investing activities in 2018 consisted primarily of cash paid for acquisitions, cash paid for capital expenditures, cash paid for intangible assets and purchase of investments.
capital expenditures capital expenditures increased in 2019 primarily due to the acquisition of sky in the fourth quarter of 2018, with a full year of capital expenditures for 2019. sky capital expenditures totaled $768 million in 2019, reflecting the continued deployment of sky q and high-speed internet services.
capital expenditures in our nbcuniversal segments increased 19.7% to $2.1 billion in 2019 primarily due to an increase in spending at our universal theme parks, including construction of an additional theme park in orlando, florida.
our most significant recurring investing activity has been capital expenditures in our cable communications segment, and we expect that this will continue in the future. cable communications' capital expenditures decreased 10.5% in 2019 compared to comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k   53
2018 primarily due to lower spending on scalable infrastructure and customer premise equipment. the table below summarizes the capital expenditures we incurred in our cable communications segment in 2019, 2018 and 2017.
year ended december 31 (in millions)        2019            2018            2017
customer premise equipment                $2,659          $2,917          $3,337
scalable infrastructure                    2,000           2,555           2,369
line extensions                            1,392           1,484           1,367
support capital                              858             767             905
total                                     $6,909          $7,723          $7,978
we expect our capital expenditures for 2020 will be focused on the continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment; increased investment in line extensions for the expansion of both business services and residential; and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology, sky q, and international ott platforms. in addition, we expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks, including the additional theme park being constructed in orlando, florida. capital expenditures for subsequent years will depend on numerous factors, including acquisitions, competition, changes in technology, regulatory changes, the timing and rate of deployment of new services, the capacity required for existing services, and the timing of new attractions at our theme parks.
cash paid for intangible assets in 2019, cash paid for intangible assets increased primarily due to the acquisition of sky in the fourth quarter of 2018, with a full year of expense included in our results of operations for 2019, and to a lesser extent, expenditures for software in our cable communications segment. our sky segment's cash paid for intangible assets totaled $707 million in 2019 and consisted primarily of expenditures for software development related to sky q and high-speed internet services. in 2018, cash paid for intangible assets consisted primarily of expenditures for software in our cable communication segment, and to a lesser extent, expenditures for software in our nbcuniversal segments.
acquisitions and construction of real estate properties acquisitions and construction of real estate properties primarily included the construction of the comcast technology center in philadelphia, pennsylvania, which was completed in 2019.
construction of universal beijing resort construction of universal beijing resort includes costs related to the construction of the universal theme park and resort in beijing, china. see note 8 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 7 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements for further information on universal beijing resort.
purchases of investments purchases of investments in 2019 and 2018 were primarily related to capital contributions to hulu and atairos.
other other investing activities in 2019 were primarily related to distributions received from equity method investments. other investing activities in 2018 were primarily related to proceeds received from the sale of an investment and proceeds from the settlement of derivative contracts.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities in 2019 consisted primarily of repayments of debt, dividend payments and repurchases of common stock under our employee plans, partially offset by proceeds from issuance of senior notes and a collateralized obligation. net cash provided by financing activities in 2018 consisted primarily of proceeds from borrowings, including the financing of the sky acquisition, partially offset by repayments of debt, repurchases of common stock under our share repurchase program and employee plans, and dividend payments.
in 2019, we made debt repayments of $14.4 billion, including $6.1 billion of optional repayments of term loans due 2021 to 2023, $5.2 billion of senior notes due 2020 and $3.0 billion of senior notes due 2019.
in august 2019, we received proceeds of approximately $5.2 billion under a term loan facility due 2024 which is presented as a collateralized obligation, the principal amount of which is fully secured by the minimum guaranteed proceeds under the put/call provisions related to our investment in hulu. in november 2019, we issued $1.6 billion of senior notes due 2030, $1.35 billion of senior notes due 2039 and $1.8 billion of senior notes due 2050. the proceeds from the collateralized obligation and the senior notes were used to repay debt. in 2019, we made borrowings of $728 million under the universal beijing resort term loan.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k in 2019, we made net repayments of $673 million under our commercial paper programs and made net repayments of $615 million under sky's £1 billion revolving credit facility, which was terminated in february 2019.
in december 2019, we announced our election to exercise our option to redeem at par $1.49 billion of senior notes due 2046 in february 2020.
we have made, and may from time to time in the future make, optional repayments on our debt obligations, which may include repurchases or exchanges of our outstanding public notes and debentures, depending on various factors, such as market conditions. see note 7 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 6 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements for additional information on our financing activities.
share repurchases and dividends effective january 1, 2017, our board of directors increased our share repurchase program authorization to $12 billion, which does not have an expiration date. as of december 31, 2019, $2 billion remained under this authorization. under the authorization, we may repurchase shares in the open market or in private transactions. we have paused our share repurchase program in order to accelerate the reduction of indebtedness we incurred in connection with the acquisition of sky, and no common shares were repurchased in 2019 under the authorization. under our share repurchase program authorization, we repurchased a total of 140 million shares of class a common stock for $5.0 billion in 2018, and 131 million shares of class a common stock for $5.0 billion in 2017.
our board of directors declared quarterly dividends totaling $3.9 billion in 2019. we paid dividends of $3.7 billion in 2019. in january 2020, our board of directors approved a 10% increase in our dividend to $0.92 per share on an annualized basis. we expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although each dividend is subject to approval by our board of directors.
the chart below summarizes our dividends paid in 2019, 2018 and 2017. in addition, we paid $504 million and $320 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively, related to employee taxes associated with the administration of our share-based compensation plans.
dividends paid
(in billions)
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k contractual obligations payment due by period as of december 31, 2019 (in millions)                                 total          year 1         years 2-3         years 4-5         more than 5
debt obligations(a)                                                $103,100          $4,274           $14,535           $14,362             $69,929
collateralized obligation(a)(b)                                       5,166               -                 -             5,166                   -
capital lease obligations                                               790             181               171                61                 377
operating lease obligations                                           5,626             877             1,460             1,046               2,243
purchase obligations(c)                                              66,559          23,902            17,571             9,200              15,886
other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet(d)         6,493           2,011             1,353             1,044               2,085
total(e)(f)                                                        $187,734         $31,245           $35,090           $30,879             $90,520
refer to note 7 and note 17 to comcast's consolidated financial statements.
(a)   excludes interest payments.
(b)   collateralized obligation relates to a $5.2 billion term loan facility, the principal amount of which is fully secured by the minimum guaranteed proceeds under the put/call provisions related to our investment in hulu. see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements.
(c)   purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods and services that are legally binding on us and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and price provisions. our purchase obligations related to cable communications and sky include programming contracts with cable networks and local broadcast television stations; contracts with customer premise equipment manufacturers; contracts with communications vendors and multichannel video providers for which we provide advertising sales representation; contracts to acquire handsets and other equipment; and other contracts entered into in the normal course of business. cable communications' and sky's programming contracts include amounts payable under fixed or minimum guaranteed commitments and do not represent the total fees that are expected to be paid under programming contracts, which we expect to be significantly higher because these contracts are generally based on the number of subscribers receiving the programming. our purchase obligations related to nbcuniversal and sky include commitments to acquire film and television programming, and broadcast rights relating to sporting events, such as the olympics, as well as obligations under various creative talent agreements, including obligations to actors, producers and television personalities, and various other television commitments. purchase obligations do not include contracts with immaterial future commitments.
(d)   other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet consist primarily of mandatorily redeemable subsidiary preferred shares; deferred compensation obligations; and postretirement, pension and postemployment benefit obligations. a contractual obligation with a carrying value of $1.1 billion is not included in the table above because it is uncertain if the arrangement will be settled. the contractual obligation involves an interest held by a third party in the revenue of certain theme parks. the arrangement provides the counterparty with the right to periodic payments associated with current period revenue and, beginning in june 2017, the option to require nbcuniversal to purchase the interest for cash in an amount based on a contractual formula. the contractual formula is based on an average of specified historical theme park revenue at the time of exercise, which amount could be significantly higher than the carrying value. as of december 31, 2019, the value of the contractual obligation was $1.8 billion, based on inputs to the contractual formula as of that date. see note 17 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for additional information related to this arrangement. liabilities for uncertain tax positions of $1.0 billion and the associated interest and penalties are not included in the table above because it is uncertain if or when these amounts will become payable. our total recorded liability of $2.7 billion related to participations and residuals are also not included in the table above because we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period in which these obligations will be settled.
(e)   our contractual obligations do not include our commitment to invest up to $5 billion at any one time as an investor in atairos due to our inability to estimate the timing of this funding. as of december 31, 2019, our remaining commitment is $2.2 billion based on the capital calls received as of that date (see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements).
(f)   total contractual obligations are made up of the following components.
(in millions)
liabilities recorded on the balance sheet          $124,760
commitments not recorded on the balance sheet        62,974
total                                              $187,734
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2019, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 9 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 8 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements for additional information related to recent accounting pronouncements, including the impact of the adoption of the updated accounting guidance related to leases.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k critical accounting judgments and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. we base our judgments on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making estimates about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe our judgments and related estimates associated with the valuation and impairment testing of goodwill and cable franchise rights, the accounting for film and television costs, and the valuation of acquisition-related assets and liabilities are critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting judgments and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to them, which are presented below. see notes 4, 8 and 12 to comcast's consolidated financial statements.
valuation and impairment testing of goodwill and cable franchise rights we assess the recoverability of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including cable franchise rights, annually, or more frequently whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. the assessment of recoverability may first consider qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. a quantitative assessment is performed if the qualitative assessment results in a more-likely-than-not determination or if a qualitative assessment is not performed.
goodwill goodwill results from business combinations and represents the excess amount of the consideration paid over the identifiable assets and liabilities recorded in the acquisition. we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level and have concluded that our reporting units are generally the same as our reportable segments. we evaluate the determination of our reporting units periodically or whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances occur. when performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair value of our reporting units primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including market participant estimates of future cash flows expected to be generated by the business and the selection of discount rates. when analyzing the fair values indicated under discounted cash flow models, we also consider multiples of adjusted ebitda generated by the underlying assets, current market transactions and profitability information.
we performed a qualitative assessment for our reporting units in 2019. this assessment considered changes in our projected future cash flows and discount rates, recent market transactions and overall macroeconomic conditions. based on this assessment, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our reporting units were higher than their carrying values and that the performance of a quantitative impairment test was not required. assets and liabilities resulting from a business combination are initially recorded at fair value and the risk of goodwill impairment is reduced as the value of the businesses in a reporting unit increases and as the carrying value of the reporting unit decreases due to the amortization of the historical cost of acquired long-lived assets over time. goodwill in our cable communications segment and our nbcuniversal segments has resulted from the combination of legacy businesses and newly acquired businesses and as a result, the fair values of the reporting units are significantly in excess of the respective carrying values. the goodwill in our sky segment resulted from our acquisition of sky in the fourth quarter of 2018. given this was a recent transaction, the fair value is in close proximity to the carrying value of the sky reporting unit.
changes in market conditions, laws and regulations, and key assumptions made in future quantitative assessments, including expected cash flows, competitive factors and discount rates, could negatively impact the results of future impairment testing and could result in the recognition of an impairment charge.
cable franchise rights our cable franchise rights assets result from agreements we have with state and local governments that allow us to construct and operate a cable business within a specified geographic area. the value of a franchise is derived from the economic benefits we receive from the right to solicit new customers and to market additional services in a particular service area. the amounts we record for cable franchise rights are primarily a result of cable system acquisitions. typically when we acquire a cable system, the most significant asset we record is the value of the cable franchise rights. often these cable system acquisitions include multiple franchise areas. we currently serve approximately 6,400 franchise areas in the united states.
we have concluded that our cable franchise rights have an indefinite useful life since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors which limit the period over which these rights will contribute to our cash flows. accordingly, we do not amortize our cable franchise rights.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k for purposes of our impairment testing, we have grouped the recorded values of our various cable franchise rights into our three cable communications divisions or units of account. we evaluate the unit of account periodically to ensure our impairment testing is performed at an appropriate level.
when performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair value of our cable franchise rights primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including the estimate of future cash flows and the selection of discount rates. when analyzing the fair values indicated under the discounted cash flow models, we also consider multiples of adjusted ebitda generated by the underlying assets, current market transactions and profitability information.
in 2019, we performed a qualitative assessment of our cable franchise rights. at the time of our previous quantitative assessment in 2018, the estimated fair values of our franchise rights exceeded the carrying value of the northeast, central and west divisions by 29%, 46% and 58%, respectively. we also considered various factors that would affect the estimated fair values of our cable franchise rights in our qualitative assessment, including changes in our projected future cash flows associated with our cable communications segment; market transactions and macroeconomic conditions; discount rates; and changes in our market capitalization. based on this assessment, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our cable franchise rights were higher than the carrying values and that the performance of a quantitative impairment test was not required.
changes in market conditions, laws and regulations and key assumptions made in future quantitative assessments, including expected cash flows, competitive factors and discount rates, could negatively impact the results of future impairment testing and could result in the recognition of an impairment charge.
film and television costs we capitalize film and television production costs, including direct costs, production overhead, print costs, development costs and interest. we amortize capitalized film and television production costs, including acquired libraries, and accrue costs associated with participation and residual payments to programming and production expenses. we generally record the amortization and the accrued costs using the individual film forecast computation method, which amortizes the costs using the ratio of the current period's revenue to estimated total remaining revenue from all sources ("ultimate revenue"). estimates of ultimate revenue have a significant impact on how quickly capitalized costs are amortized and, therefore, are updated regularly.
our estimates of ultimate revenue for films generally include revenue from all sources that are expected to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film's initial release. these estimates are based on the historical performance of similar content, as well as factors unique to the content itself. the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue for a film intended for theatrical release is the film's theatrical performance, as subsequent revenue from the licensing and sale of a film has historically exhibited a high correlation to its theatrical performance. upon a film's release, our estimates of revenue from succeeding markets, including from content licensing across multiple platforms and home entertainment sales, are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends.
with respect to television series or other owned television programming, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue is whether the series can be successfully licensed beyond its initial license. initial estimates of ultimate revenue are limited to the amount of revenue contracted for each episode under the initial license. once it is determined that a television series or other owned television programming can be licensed for subsequent platforms, revenue estimates for these platforms, such as u.s. and international syndication, home entertainment, and other distribution platforms, are included in ultimate revenue. revenue estimates for produced episodes include revenue expected to be earned within 10 years of delivery of the initial episode or, if still in production, 5 years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later.
we capitalize the costs of programming rights for content that we license but do not own at the earlier of when payments are made for the programming or when the license period begins and the content is made available for use. we amortize capitalized programming costs as the associated programs are broadcast. we recognize the costs of multiyear, live-event sports programming rights as the rights are utilized over the contract term based on estimated relative value. estimated relative value is generally based on the ratio of the current period revenue to the estimated ultimate revenue or the terms of the contract. advance payments for rights to multiyear, live-event sports programming are included in programming rights.
capitalized film and television costs are subject to impairment testing when certain triggering events are identified. if the fair value of a production were to fall below its unamortized cost, we would record an adjustment for the amount by which the unamortized capitalized costs exceed the production's fair value. the fair value assessment is generally based on estimated future discounted cash flows, which are supported by our internal forecasts. adjustments to capitalized film production costs were not material in any of the periods presented.
comcast 2019 annual report on form 10-k fair value of acquisition-related assets and liabilities we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values. in determining fair value, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the recorded amounts. management's estimates of fair value are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable but that are inherently uncertain. as part of the estimation process, third-party valuation specialists are engaged to assist in the valuation of certain of these assets and liabilities.
our judgments used to determine the estimated fair value assigned to each class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as asset lives and depreciation and amortization methods, have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. for instance, the determination of asset lives impacts our results of operations as different types of assets have different useful lives and certain assets may be considered to have indefinite useful lives.
intangible assets intangible assets primarily consist of our estimates of fair value for finite-lived customer relationships and indefinite-lived trade names.
customer relationships were valued using a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including the estimate of future cash flows and the selection of discount rates. this measure of fair value also requires considerable judgments about future events, including attrition, contract renewal estimates and technology changes.
in determining the estimated lives and method of amortization for finite-lived intangibles, we use a method and life that closely follows the undiscounted cash flows over the estimated life of the asset.
trade names were valued using the relief-from-royalty method, a form of the income approach. this measure of fair value requires considerable judgment about the value a market participant would be willing to pay in order to achieve the benefits associated with the trade name.
property and equipment property and equipment includes customer premise equipment as well as network assets, real estate, and other machinery and equipment.
property and equipment was valued using the reproduction and replacement cost approaches as well as a cost approach for real estate. the reproduction and replacement cost approaches measure the value of an asset by estimating the cost to acquire or construct comparable assets and adjust for the age and condition of the asset. the cost approach measures the value of real estate through an evaluation of recent, comparable transactions or current listings of available properties.
contractual obligations contractual obligations were adjusted to market rates using a combination of discounted cash flows and market assumptions, when available.