Management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. The company’s long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. Applied's results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter, due to variable industry conditions, including demand for manufacturing equipment and services, which can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies, and other electronic devices. Customer investments in semiconductor manufacturing equipment continued to be the primary contributor of Applied's revenue during fiscal 2019, with semiconductor equipment customers making strategic investments in new technology transitions. The demand for display manufacturing equipment spending depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced TVs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next-generation mobile devices. The market environment for Applied's display and adjacent markets segment in fiscal 2019 was characterized by weak demand for display manufacturing equipment for mobile products and TVs, which can cause significant fluctuations quarter-over-quarter, as well as year-over-year. Applied's significant investments in research, development and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in research, development and engineering in order to continue to offer new products and technologies. The company’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is reflected in its operational management and strategic response to environmental disruptions. Applied's investments in technology aim to allow the company to access new market opportunities or emerging technologies, thereby enhancing its competitive advantage and resilience in a turbulent market. The company evaluates the need to make contributions to its pension and post-retirement benefit plans after considering the funded status of the plans, movements in the discount rate, performance of the plan assets, and related tax consequences. Applied's management believes that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and borrowing capability, will be sufficient to satisfy its liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. The company’s operational flexibility is demonstrated through its ability to adapt to changing market conditions, customer needs, and technological advancements, which are essential for maintaining organizational health and effectiveness. Applied's focus on strategic initiatives and inter-organizational collaboration supports its resilience strategies, enabling the organization to confront unexpected situations and reconfigure its operations in response to external pressures.