The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, which reflects a multifaceted approach to maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in response to market demands. The ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of the company's fundamental financial strengths, and operating cash flow was $1,502.3 for 2019 compared to $1,112.7 for 2018, indicating a positive adjustment under challenging conditions. The company intends to evaluate certain post-2019 earnings for distribution and accrue for those distributions where appropriate, demonstrating strategic foresight and resource management. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments and uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company's debt financing includes the use of commercial paper programs, revolving credit facility, and senior notes as part of its overall cash management strategy, which reflects a proactive approach to risk management and financial resilience. The company has recorded net liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits, which highlights the complexities and pressures associated with compliance and financial reporting. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and services through price increases, productivity improvements, and cost-saving programs, indicating an adaptive strategy to maintain operational effectiveness. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, which reflects a commitment to organizational health and sustainability. The company has completed nine acquisitions in 2019, which were not material to the company either individually or in the aggregate, demonstrating a strategic initiative to enhance capabilities and market position. The company has a stock repurchase program and has repurchased shares of its common stock, which reflects a strategic response to market conditions and a focus on shareholder value. The company has indicated its intention to repatriate most of its pre-2018 accumulated earnings and recorded the foreign and U.S. state and local tax costs related to the repatriation, which illustrates a strategic adaptation to changes in tax law and financial regulations. The company evaluates the potential impact of the replacement of LIBOR from both a risk management and financial reporting perspective, indicating an awareness of external pressures and the need for strategic agility in financial operations.