This management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with selected financial data and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto which appear elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. We seek to achieve this through responsibly financed acquisitions of category-leading businesses and technologies, as well as investing extensively in research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology leadership. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the industries and markets in which we compete. Uncertainty in global economic conditions poses significant risks to our business. For example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn adversely affect product demand and our results of operations. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. Our traditional software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. The increase in stock-based compensation expense also due to the issuance of multi-year equity awards and the impact of the change from annual to quarterly vesting of certain time-based equity awards. We expect to incur additional research and development expense in future periods as a result of our acquisition of the Symantec business and any future acquisitions we may make. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2019 were lower than fiscal year 2018, due primarily to the completion of construction at our Irvine and San Jose campuses. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in fiscal year 2020 as compared to fiscal year 2019 due to the Symantec asset purchase on November 4, 2019. Our debt and liquidity needs increased as a result of completing the Symantec asset purchase. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. If we do not have sufficient cash to fund our operations or finance growth opportunities, including acquisitions, or unanticipated capital expenditures, our business and financial condition could suffer. In such circumstances, we may seek to obtain new debt or equity financing. However, we cannot assure you that such additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all.