We are focused on safely returning the 737 max to service, which is critical for maintaining operational continuity and addressing the significant adverse impact on our operations due to the grounding. The grounding creates significant uncertainty and has resulted in lower earnings, higher inventory, and reduced advances and progress payments. We are monitoring the impact of the 737 max grounding on our suppliers and working to ensure that our supply chain can support our production plans once production resumes. The suspension of production and the gradual resumption of production at low production rates will result in abnormal production costs which will be expensed when incurred rather than inventoried. We have concluded that the suspension of production and the gradual resumption of production at low production rates will result in abnormal production costs which will be expensed when incurred rather than inventoried. The cumulative impacts of changes to assumptions regarding timing of return to service and timing of planned production rates have increased the estimated costs to produce aircraft included in the current accounting quantity. We have made significant assumptions regarding estimated costs expected to be incurred in 2020 and 2021 that should be included in program inventory and those costs that should be expensed when incurred as abnormal production costs. The grounding of the 737 max and associated changes to our production rate will continue to adversely impact 737 program and overall bca margins. We are also focused on taking actions to ensure that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage in a turbulent market environment. The commercial jet airplane market remains extremely competitive, and we face aggressive international competitors intent on increasing their market share. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. We are continuing to monitor the global trade environment for changes that may impact the company, as overall global trade tensions and increased market uncertainty have resulted in fewer orders than anticipated for our commercial aircraft. The defense environment is also characterized by complex and evolving security challenges, and we expect to continue to have a wide range of opportunities across various regions. Our bds business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges, and many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements that carry financial risks. We are committed to leveraging our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. The need for effective risk management and strategic response mechanisms is paramount in navigating the complexities of our operational landscape, particularly in light of the ongoing challenges posed by the 737 max grounding and the associated impacts on our financial performance and operational resilience.