Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We seek to empower people to cut through travel barriers, such as money, time, language and overwhelming options, so they can use our services to easily and confidently get where they want to go. We are increasing the collaboration, cooperation and interdependency among our brands in our efforts to provide consumers with the best and most comprehensive services. We also seek to maximize the benefits of our scale by sharing resources and technological innovations, co-developing new services and coordinating activities in key markets among our brands. The recent coronavirus outbreak has had a significant and negative impact on our business during the first quarter of 2020, in particular in China and certain other Asian markets, though concerns about the coronavirus are also negatively impacting travel demand generally. The ultimate impact of the outbreak on our business is impossible to predict with certainty, and therefore the full extent to which the coronavirus will impact our business and results of operations is unknown. However, decreased travel demand resulting from the outbreak has had a negative impact, and is likely to have a negative and material impact on our business, growth and results of operations. We believe this growth is the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to increase the number and the variety of accommodations we offer consumers, increase and improve content, build distribution and improve the consumer experience on our online platforms. We are constantly innovating to grow our business, among other things, providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We also intend to broaden the scope of our business, and to that end, we explore strategic alternatives from time to time in the form of, among other things, acquisitions. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide, and, over time, to offer other travel and travel-related services. Factors beyond our control, such as oil prices, stock market volatility, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather or natural disasters, travel-related health concerns including pandemics, political instability, changes in economic conditions, wars and regional hostilities, can disrupt travel, limit the ability or willingness of travelers to visit certain locations or otherwise result in declines in travel demand. These kinds of events have negatively affected our business and results of operations in the past and may do so again in the future. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. We have observed increased brand marketing by other online travel companies, which may make our brand marketing efforts more expensive and less effective. The uncertain and highly competitive environment in which we operate makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult, and accordingly, we may not be able to sustain revenue growth and profitability. We have experienced pressure on operating margins as we invest in initiatives to drive future growth. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of our brands and the international businesses. We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. Our results include Fareharbor and Hotelscombined since they were acquired in April 2018 and November 2018, respectively.