BlackRock is implementing a number of steps to prepare for various outcomes, including effecting organizational, governance, and operational changes, applying for and receiving licenses and permissions in the EU, and engaging in client communications, which are expected to add complexity to BlackRock's European operations. The company is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index, and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies, leveraging its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. BlackRock's diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning the company to invest for the long term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The diversity of BlackRock's platform facilitates the generation of organic growth in various market environments, and as client preferences evolve, client demand continues for ETFs and illiquid alternatives. BlackRock is committed to helping clients build more resilient portfolios, making sustainability integral to the way it manages risk, constructs portfolios, designs products, and engages with companies. The company is deepening the integration of sustainability into technology, risk management, and product choice, and plans to accelerate those efforts. BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock's management believes that the company will be able to continue to grow assets under management organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products, and optimizing distribution capabilities. The company continuously monitors various factors, including AUM, for potential indicators of impairment, and assesses its goodwill for impairment at least annually, considering such factors as the book value and the market capitalization of the company. BlackRock's management does not advocate that investors consider non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. The company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred income tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. The assessment considers the nature, frequency, and severity of recent losses, forecast of future profitability, and the duration of statutory carryback and carryforward periods. BlackRock's ability to attract and retain highly talented professionals is crucial for maintaining its competitive advantage and organizational health. The company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. The company manages its financial condition and funding to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business, and its diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles. BlackRock's operational flexibility and strategic response to external pressures are essential for navigating environmental perturbations and ensuring organizational resilience.