Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Generally, we consider pre-tax catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million from a current year event as significant. We incurred estimated pre-tax losses of approximately $1.0 billion in 2019, $1.6 billion in 2018, and $3.0 billion in 2017 from significant catastrophe events. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting of $325 million in 2019 compared to earnings of $1.6 billion in 2018 and after-tax losses of approximately $2.2 billion in 2017. The production headwinds experienced were primarily attributable to shortages of qualified skilled labor and the rapid increase in requirements for newer, complex aerospace products. We implemented certain measures and intend to implement additional measures to address these issues and improve manufacturing efficiencies. Our utilities and energy businesses produced higher after-tax earnings in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to the effects of losses incurred in 2017 in connection with the prepayment of certain long-term debt, increased earnings at the natural gas pipelines and other energy businesses, and the TCJA income tax benefits recognized in 2018. The increase in average revenue per car/unit was attributable to increased rates per car/unit and a favorable outcome of an arbitration hearing. BNSF experienced severe winter weather and flooding on parts of the network, which negatively affected revenues, expenses, and service levels. In addition to the impact of an increase in average revenue per car/unit, BNSF's earnings in 2019 benefitted from a reduction in total operating expenses. The effective income tax rate was 24.4% in 2019, 24.0% in 2018, and 37.4% in 2017. The timing and amount of ultimate loss payments are contingent upon, among other things, the timing of claim reporting from insureds and ceding companies and the final determination of the loss amount through the loss adjustment process. We use a variety of techniques in establishing claim liabilities, and all techniques require significant judgments and assumptions. Our claim liability estimation process for short-tail lines, primarily property exposures, utilizes a combination of the paid and incurred loss development methods and the incurred and paid loss Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods. We maintain certain internal procedures in order to determine that the information is complete and in compliance with the contract terms. We strive to generate underwriting profits; however, time-value-of-money concepts are important elements in establishing prices for retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses due to the expected long durations of the liabilities. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from such businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a strong capital base. We believe that investment and derivative gains/losses, whether realized from dispositions or unrealized from changes in market prices of equity securities, are generally meaningless in understanding our reported results or evaluating the economic performance of our businesses.