CME Group is a global company with customer access available virtually all over the world, and our customers consist of professional traders, financial institutions, individual and institutional investors, major corporations, manufacturers, producers, governments, and central banks. We continue to maintain high quality and diverse products as well as various clearing and market data services which support our customers in any economic environment. Our strategy focuses on maximizing futures and options growth globally, diversifying our business and revenues, and delivering unparalleled customer efficiencies and operational excellence. We believe we are very well positioned with respect to competitive factors, as our asset classes contain products designed to address differing risk management needs, and customers are able to achieve operational and capital efficiencies by accessing our diverse products through our platforms and our clearing house. We expect competition to continue to intensify, especially in light of ongoing regulatory reform in the financial services industry, and we will continue to adapt our trading technology and clearing services to meet the needs of our customers. Our clearing house's performance guarantee is an important function of our business, providing flexibility that increases the potential liquidity available for each trade. The ongoing uncertainty in the financial markets caused by the United States and European credit crises has led our customers to use our markets as an effective and transparent means to manage risk and meet their investment needs. We recognize that trading activity in our centralized markets has fluctuated due to various external pressures, including fluctuations in the availability of credit and variations in the amount of assets under management. Our products provide a means for hedging, speculating, and allocating assets, and we identify new products by monitoring economic trends and their impact on the risk management and speculative needs of our existing and prospective customers. The competitive environment is influenced by our brand and reputation, the efficiency and security of our settlement, clearing and support services, and the depth and liquidity of our markets. We face competition from other futures, securities, and securities option exchanges; clearing organizations; swap execution facilities; alternative trade execution facilities; technology firms, including market data distributors and electronic trading system developers; and others. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical to our organizational resilience. We continue to monitor our capital needs and may revise our forecasted expenditures as necessary in the future, while also ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. Our practice is to have our pension plan 100% funded at each year-end on a projected benefit obligation basis, while also satisfying any minimum required contribution. We maintain a $2.4 billion multi-currency revolving senior credit facility with various financial institutions, which can be used for general corporate purposes, including providing liquidity for our clearing house in certain circumstances. We have the option to request an increase in our credit facilities and maintain compliance with various covenant requirements. The integration of acquired platforms and improvements to our technology infrastructure are anticipated to support our growth and enhance our operational flexibility.