The results of our individual businesses reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources. We regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies, and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods. Compliance risk can arise from nonconformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures, contractual obligations, or ethical standards that reinforce those laws, rules, or regulations. The risk of a material impact on current or anticipated earnings, capital, franchise, or enterprise value arises from the company's competitive and market position and evolving forces in the industry that can affect that position; lack of responsiveness to these conditions; strategic decisions to change the company's scale, market position, or operating model; or failure to appropriately consider implementation risks inherent in the company's strategy. Our underwriting decisions are generally based on an applicant's income, estimated net disposable income, and credit bureau information including FICO scores, along with collateral characteristics such as loan-to-value ratio, subject to maintaining resilience under a variety of stress conditions. The risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arises from violations of laws, rules, or regulations, which can also impact resilience arising from an obligor's failure to meet the terms of any contract with the company or otherwise perform as agreed. The risk that the company will not be able to meet its future financial obligations as they come due, or invest in future asset growth because of an inability to obtain funds at a reasonable price within a reasonable time, reflects operational resilience. The risk of loss, capital impairment, adverse customer experience, or reputational impact resulting from failure to comply with policies and procedures, failed internal processes or systems, or from external events is also a consideration in our operational management. Our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits, and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. The allocation process is unique to each business segment and acquired businesses, which reflects our adaptability to changing circumstances. We maintain an auto securitization program that is designed to support our operational continuity and resilience in the face of market fluctuations. The multifaceted nature of organizational resilience is underscored by our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change, ensuring that we can survive, grow, and flourish in a turbulent market environment.