We are a global leader in customer relationship management technology that brings companies and customers together. Our core mission is to enable our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain, voice, and artificial intelligence, to transform their businesses. We continue to invest for future growth through focusing on multi-cloud adoption by our existing customers, growing our relationships with our enterprise customers, expanding internationally, and strengthening our ecosystem of partners and independent software vendors. We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, and technologies to expand our service offerings through a disciplined and thoughtful acquisition process. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. We have shifted certain of our customer events to virtual-only experiences in response to the coronavirus epidemic and may alter, postpone, or cancel additional customer, employee, or industry events in the future. The extent of the impact of the coronavirus on our operational and financial performance will depend on developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, impact on our customers and sales cycles, and effect on our vendors. We have increased our headcount by 30 percent since fiscal 2019 to meet the higher demand for services from our customers, and our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new and improve existing technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent. Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition, which represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities, and our borrowing capacity under our revolving loan credit agreement will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth and expect capital expenditures to be higher in absolute dollars. We are committed to creating a sustainable, low-carbon future and have set an internal price on carbon by offsetting all of our scope 1 and 2 emissions. We aspire to create technology that not only drives the success of our customers but also upholds the basic human rights of every individual. We believe that improvements in data security are critical to realizing the potential of technology and greater connectivity to improve lives around the world and that effective cybersecurity requires an ecosystem-wide approach. Our corporate governance structure promotes long-term stockholder value creation by providing a leadership structure and composition of the board of directors that is aligned with our strategic direction.