The company has begun implementing a restructuring and integration plan as part of its initiative to realize cost synergies from the acquisition of TFCF. During fiscal 2019, the company recorded charges of $1.2 billion, including $0.9 billion of severance and related costs in connection with the plan and $0.3 billion of equity-based compensation costs. These charges are recorded in "restructuring and impairment charges" in the consolidated statements of income. Although the plans are not yet finalized, the company anticipates that the total severance and related costs could be on the order of $1.5 billion. The company may incur other restructuring costs, such as contract termination costs, but expects these will not be material. In November 2019, the company launched Disney+, a subscription-based direct-to-consumer streaming service with branded programming. The company expects to forgo licensing revenue from the sale of this content to third parties in TV/SVOD markets and anticipates an increase in programming and production investments to create exclusive content for Disney+. Due to circumstances in Hong Kong, the company has seen a significant decrease in tourism to Hong Kong Disneyland Resort, which could decrease fiscal 2020 operating income by approximately $275 million compared to fiscal 2019. The change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reflects various operational impacts, including a decrease in operating cash flows at the direct-to-consumer and media networks segments due to higher film and television spending and operating disbursements, partially offset by higher operating cash receipts driven by increases in revenue. The company believes its financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures. However, operating cash flow and access to capital markets can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of its control. The company's borrowing costs can be influenced by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized rating agencies, which are based on performance as measured by credit metrics such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. The company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in its consolidated financial statements. Other items, such as certain purchase commitments and other executory contracts, are not recognized as liabilities but are required to be disclosed. The company is contractually committed to acquire broadcast programming and make certain minimum lease payments under operating lease agreements. The company is involved in certain legal proceedings and has accrued estimates of probable and estimable losses for resolution. These estimates are based on analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. The acquisition of TFCF increased the company's uncertain tax benefits as it assumed the tax liabilities of TFCF. The company is still obtaining information related to the evaluation of the income tax impact of certain pre-acquisition transactions of TFCF, which may result in adjustments to the recorded amount of uncertain tax benefits. The company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. The impairment test for goodwill requires judgment related to the identification of reporting units and the determination of fair value of the reporting units, which are sensitive to estimates of future revenue growth and margins. Changes to key assumptions, market trends, or macroeconomic events could produce test results that differ, potentially requiring the company to record an impairment charge.