We are one of the largest health benefits companies in the United States in terms of medical membership, serving approximately 41 medical members through our affiliated health plans. Our strategy has been to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including factors such as expected financial performance and regulatory environment. The continuing growth in our government-sponsored business exposes us to increased regulatory oversight. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends and frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. We work to mitigate medical cost trends through various medical management programs such as utilization management, condition management, program integrity, and specialty pharmacy management, as well as benefit design changes. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. Our medical membership includes various customer types, and we have experienced growth in our life and disability and dental memberships primarily due to higher sales in our large group business. We have a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements while preserving our asset base. We regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases, and dividends to shareholders. Our ability to borrow under credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants, and we do not believe the restrictions materially affect our financial or operating flexibility. We maintain a common stock repurchase program and have board authorization for repurchases. We have a shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. We are committed to maintaining our senior debt investment grade ratings, and our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio was 39.5% as of December 31, 2019. Our regulated subsidiaries' respective risk-based capital levels were in excess of all applicable mandatory requirements. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare our consolidated financial statements, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported. Our most important accounting policies that require significant estimates and management judgment include liabilities for medical claims payable, income taxes, goodwill, and other intangible assets.