During 2019, we continued to deliver on our financial commitments and to create long-term shareowner value. The improvement in year over year income before taxes was attributable to both sales growth as well as operational improvements that increased operating margins. We believe our ability to drive continuous earnings growth over a long history results from consistently identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. We continue to focus on commercial excellence and improvements in our manufacturing and operational processes, including our integrated supply chain and honeywell digital transformations, to drive higher sales at better margins. Our businesses are focused on driving profitable growth through delivering innovative products through research and development and technological excellence, and through continued enhancement of our footprint in high growth regions. We are committed to a strategy to become one of the world's leading software industrial companies. Each of these end markets is characterized by favorable global mega-trends including energy efficiency, infrastructure investment, urbanization and safety. We expect our primary cash requirements in 2020 to be capital expenditures for growth, production and capacity expansion, cost reduction, maintenance, and replacement. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit and cash flow contribution in order to identify target investment and acquisition opportunities in order to upgrade our combined portfolio. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring or other repositioning actions subject to regulatory constraints. We believe that cash balances and operating cash flow will continue to be our principal source of liquidity. Our emphasis is primarily safety of principal and secondarily maximizing yield of those funds. We diversify our cash and cash equivalents among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. Our ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related cost of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of our credit rating and market conditions. We monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis. We expect to pay asbestos-related liabilities from operating cash flows. The timing of these payments depends on several factors, including the timing of litigation and settlements of liability claims. We expect to pay environmental liabilities from operating cash flows. The timing of these payments depends on several factors, including the timing of litigation and settlements of remediation liability, personal injury and property damage claims, regulatory approval of cleanup projects, execution timeframe of projects, and agreement with other parties. We continually assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to our contingencies, as well as potential amounts or ranges of probable losses, and recognize a liability, if any, for these contingencies based on a thorough analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel and, if applicable, other experts. We endeavor to utilize the best information available to measure fair value, which is usually either market prices or an estimate of the future discounted cash flow. We also perform sensitivity analysis on key estimates and assumptions. We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities including resolution of any related appeals and litigation. We assess our income tax positions based upon our evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date.