Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers, and competitors; commodity, interest rate, and financial markets uncertainty; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. Recent changes regarding global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2019. We have invested, and continue to invest significant resources, in our proprietary ice global network and cybersecurity protections to minimize the potential impact of a wide-scale cyber interruption, system outages, or global regulatory drive to move critical infrastructure and/or sensitive financial transactions away from the public internet. We believe that our current and historic investments in this space position us well competitively to accommodate increased costs of compliance, assurance, or incident response. However, trends in nationalism and data privacy could result in requirements that necessitate increases in staffing or the introduction of local data collection, which could undermine our synergistic centralized service model. A prolonged and impactful cyber-attack on any of our market participants could drive the industry away from electronification and reduce the market advantages we have realized through automation. Many of the data products we sell and services we provide are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards, reliance on independent valuations, and greater emphasis on risk management. Our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses aims to mitigate uncertainties and build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. We have invested significant resources in technology and cybersecurity to support operational continuity and resilience against potential disruptions. Our focus on strategic initiatives and inter-organizational collaboration enhances our adaptability and operational flexibility in response to environmental perturbations. We recognize the necessity of maintaining organizational health and effectiveness through proactive measures and strategic foresight, ensuring our ability to confront and recover from unexpected situations. The evolution of existing products and new product innovation is essential to serve emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements. Our commitment to operational management and strategic adaptation positions us to navigate complex situations and sustain performance under pressure. We continue to evaluate our organizational capabilities and resource allocation to enhance our resilience strategies and mechanisms, ensuring that we remain competitive in a turbulent market landscape.