Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in understanding and assessing significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of our consolidated company. Various risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in "forward-looking statements" and item 1A, "risk factors", may cause our actual results, financial position, and cash generated from operations to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on molecules currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. As such, it is likely that some acquired in-process research and development assets will become impaired in the future. We continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of health care legislation; and various international government funding levels. We seek to address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. Our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. We believe cash provided by operating activities, along with available cash and cash equivalents, should be sufficient to fund our normal operating needs, including installment payments of the toll tax, dividends paid to shareholders, share repurchases, and capital expenditures. We also note that, from a business perspective, we view milestone payments as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from sales of products. Regulatory agencies continue to establish increasingly high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products. Delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. We recognize that the entry of generic competition for our products has caused a rapid and severe decline in revenue, which has had a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. We expect that the decline in revenue will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. The increases in net income and earnings per share in 2019 were driven primarily by the gain recognized on the disposition of Elanco and, to a lesser extent, lower acquired in-process research and development charges. We continue to invest in patient affordability solutions in an effort to assist patients in affording their medicines. We expect that gross margin as a percent of revenue will be approximately 79 percent in 2020. Research and development expenses are expected to be in the range of $5.6 billion to $5.9 billion. Marketing, selling, and administrative expenses are expected to be in the range of $6.2 billion to $6.4 billion. We anticipate that total revenue will be between $23.7 billion and $24.2 billion, driven by volume from several products, while also being partially offset by lower revenue for products that have lost patent exclusivity.