We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and equity investments. Our business strategy includes strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We have ongoing programs for production and sustainment activities in various countries, which reflects our operational flexibility and adaptability to external pressures. We are monitoring developments and potential impacts of sanctions and other actions regarding international partnerships, particularly concerning Turkey's participation in the F-35 program. To minimize risks of disruption in our supply chain, we have been working closely with the Department of Defense to identify and engage alternate suppliers for component parts. Our operational management includes assessing risks to the achievement of technical, schedule, and cost aspects of contracts, which is essential for maintaining performance under pressure. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied, and our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. Our approach to contract management involves identifying and monitoring risks and assessing the effects of those risks on our estimates of total costs to complete contracts. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. Our strong operating cash flows enable us to invest in our business, return cash to stockholders, and actively manage our debt levels. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service, and repayments. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control. We continually evaluate the recoverability of our assets for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery. Our strategic initiatives include enhancing our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers, which reflects our commitment to organizational resilience and adaptability in a turbulent market environment.