Our customer base includes leading semiconductor memory, foundry, and integrated device manufacturers that make products such as NVM, DRAM, and logic devices. We aim to increase our strategic relevance with our customers by contributing more to their continued success. Despite recent semiconductor capital investment volatility, over the longer term, we believe that technology inflections in our industry, including 3D device scaling, multiple patterning, process flow, and advanced packaging chip integration, will lead to an increase in our served addressable market for our products and services in deposition, etch, and clean. While there could be continued variability in the near term, we believe that demand for our products and services will increase faster than overall spending on wafer fabrication equipment, as the proportion of customers' capital expenditures rises in these technology inflection areas, and as we gain market share. Our focus on research and development, with several ongoing programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility, reflects our commitment to innovation and adaptation in response to market demands. We effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base, which enhances our organizational capabilities and resilience in the face of external pressures. Our collaborative focus with ecosystem partners and our emphasis on delivering multi-product solutions are strategic initiatives designed to enhance the value of Lam's solutions to our customers. Maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure, especially given the competitive nature of the semiconductor industry and its historical volatility. Anticipated cash flows from operations, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, are expected to be sufficient to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, capital expenditures, capital redistributions, and dividends through at least the next twelve months. However, uncertainty in the global economy and the semiconductor industry, as well as disruptions in credit markets, have in the past, and could in the future, impact customer demand for our products, as well as our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. In the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. We believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. However, given the possibility of changes in market conditions or other occurrences, there can be no assurance that such funding will be available in needed quantities or on terms favorable to us. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to customers in Japan was approximately $78 million as of June 30, 2019, compared to $607 million as of June 24, 2018. Our cash flow provided from operating activities was $3.2 billion for fiscal year 2019 compared to $2.7 billion for fiscal year 2018, indicating our operational effectiveness and resilience in generating cash despite market fluctuations.