The impact has extended to other regions. We have operations and employees in China, and the region represents an important end market for our products. Our customers and suppliers within China and neighboring countries are also affected by the coronavirus-related restrictions and closures. The coronavirus is expected to have a negative effect on our financial results, though the full extent and duration is uncertain and could have a material negative impact on our business. We must make commitments to purchase inventory based on forecasts of future customer demand. In doing so, we must account for our third-party manufacturers' lead times and constraints. We also adjust to other market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions by our competitors, new product transitions, and macroeconomic conditions - all of which may impact demand for our products. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, failure to estimate customer demand properly, or unexpected competitive pricing actions by our competition. The overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was insignificant in fiscal year 2020 and an unfavorable impact of 2.0% in fiscal year 2019. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to our critical accounting policies and estimates in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our primary sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, our marketable securities, and the cash generated by our operations. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months, including our proposed acquisition of Mellanox. We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Our impairment review process compares the fair value of the reporting unit in which the goodwill resides to its carrying value. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires us to make judgments and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. We also make judgments and assumptions in allocating assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. We performed our annual goodwill assessment during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020 using a qualitative assessment and concluded there was no goodwill impairment. The increase in fiscal year 2020 was driven by reduced inventory provisions and the sale of previously written-off components. We intend to return to repurchasing shares after closing the acquisition of Mellanox. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain limits on our portfolio duration. We have a credit agreement under which we may borrow up to $575 million for general corporate purposes and can obtain revolving loan commitments up to $425 million. As of January 26, 2020, we had not borrowed any amounts under this agreement. Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends under that program are subject to our board's continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our shareholders. We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of any potential tax liability or interest/penalty payments in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions.