We have pioneered the next generation of security through our innovative platform that empowers enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure their organizations by safely enabling applications and data running in their networks, on their endpoints, and in the cloud, and by preventing breaches that stem from targeted cyberattacks. Our platform enables our end-customers to pursue transformative digital initiatives, like public cloud and mobility, that grow their business, while maintaining the visibility and control needed to protect their valued data and critical control systems. We believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our platform. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. We monitor our deferred revenue balance because it represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods. We consider billings to be a key metric used by management to manage our business given our hybrid SaaS revenue model, and believe billings provides investors with an important indicator of the health and visibility of our business. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for subscription and support offerings. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing subscription and support contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. We continue to thoughtfully invest in headcount and have substantially grown our sales presence internationally. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our international presence. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings.