Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation and other services related to our products. During 2019, we achieved annual vehicle delivery and production records of 367,656 and 365,232 total vehicles, respectively. We laid the groundwork for our next phase of growth with the commencement of model 3 production at gigafactory shanghai and preparations at the fremont factory for model y production. We revamped key aspects of our solar operations in 2019 by streamlining traditionally complex ordering, permitting, installation and back-end service processes to enhance the customer experience. Our solar deployments grew approximately 48% and 26%, quarter-over-quarter, in the second half of the year. We expect to further increase production capacity and have commenced construction of the next phase of gigafactory shanghai to add model y manufacturing capacity. Achieving increased total vehicle production cost-effectively across all of our manufacturing operations will require that we timely address any bottlenecks that may arise as we ramp, establish and maintain sustained supplier capacity. We are generating demand and new customers even without traditional marketing, and our orders shifted to originating mostly from new customers without prior reservations. We expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months. A large portion of our future expenditures is to fund our growth, and we can adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment, including future expansion of our product offerings. We expect to continue to grow our retrofit solar system deployments as we execute our new strategy. We are focused on training our personnel and third-party partners to ramp installations of our solar roof. Our capital expenditures are difficult to project beyond the short term, given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time. We continuously evaluate, and as appropriate adjust, our capital expenditures based on our manufacturing plans for our various products, which we may rebalance from time to time based on the mix of demand among them and other contingent factors. We expect that the cash we generate from our core operations will generally be sufficient to cover our future capital expenditures and to pay down our near-term debt obligations. However, we may need or want to raise additional funds in the future, and these funds may not be available to us when we need or want them. We believe that our operations and prospects could be negatively affected if we cannot raise additional funds when we need or want them. We have selected germany as the site of our next factory for manufacturing vehicles for the european market, due to its strong manufacturing and engineering presence. We are also making our existing vehicles incrementally more compelling, including through a planned software update for fsd-enabled vehicles to react to traffic lights and stop signs. Our efforts to scale down and optimize our cost structure relative to the size of our business have already manifested in total operating expenses decreasing from $4.4 billion to $4.1 billion from fiscal year 2018 to fiscal year 2019. We expect operating expenses as a percentage of revenue to continue to decrease in the future as we focus on increasing operational efficiency and process automation.