We design, make and sell semiconductors to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. For many years, we have run our business with three overarching ambitions in mind: we will act like owners who will own the company for decades; we will adapt and succeed in a world that is ever changing; and we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and that we would want as our neighbor. Our business model is designed around four sustainable competitive advantages: a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology, a broad portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing products, the reach of market channels, and the diversity and longevity of our products, markets, and customer positions. We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house, which helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and allows us to invest in technology that differentiates our products. The breadth of our portfolio means we can meet more customer needs than our competitors, providing access to more customers and the opportunity to generate more revenue per customer system. Our web presence and global sales and applications team give us unique access and insight to about 100,000 customers designing semiconductors into their end products. The attributes above result in diverse and long-lived positions that deliver high terminal value to our shareholders. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing, particularly in the industrial and automotive markets, which represent the best growth opportunities over the next decade due to increasing semiconductor content. These markets provide long product life cycles, intrinsic diversity, and less capital-intensive manufacturing, offering stability, profitability, and strong cash generation. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations, underscoring the strength of our business model. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our strategy is to return all free cash flow to shareholders, which represented 40.3% of revenue, up from 38.4% a year ago. The combined effect of our ambitions, business model, and sustainable competitive advantages is that we have continued to build a stronger company, gaining market share in analog and embedded processing and returning all free cash flow to our owners. Our segments represent groups of similar products combined based on similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes, and distribution channels. Changes in our revenue are attributable to changes in customer demand, evidenced by fluctuations in shipment volumes. We own much of our manufacturing capacity, which means a significant portion of our operating cost is fixed. When factory loadings decrease, our fixed costs are spread over reduced output, leading to decreased profit margins. Conversely, as factory loadings increase, our profit margins increase. We consider our accounting policies to be important for portraying our financial condition and requiring a higher degree of judgment. We believe that free cash flow and associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, cash-generating capability, and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance.