The company believes that these adjusted financial measures provide meaningful information to assist investors and analysts in understanding our financial results and assessing our prospects for future performance. We continually adjust our air and ground network to better match higher volume levels. In addition, we continue to deploy and utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery productivity by reducing manual touchpoints. The growth in pickup and delivery and network operational costs was impacted by several factors, including higher employee compensation and benefit costs largely resulting from volume growth, which resulted in an increase in average daily union labor hours. We incurred higher employee benefit expenses due to additional headcount, contractual contribution rate increases to union multiemployer plans, and changes in benefit eligibility for certain union employees. We believe our estimated reserves for such claims are adequate; actual experience in claim frequency and/or severity could materially differ from our estimates and affect our results of operations. We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor in pension expense annually. The impacts of contractually mandated contribution increases to multiemployer plans, as well as an increase in the size of the overall workforce, were substantially offset by lower service costs for company-sponsored plans as a result of higher discount rates. We believe that our current cash position, access to commercial paper programs and debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be adequate not only for operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs, transformation strategy, and to fund dividend payments, share repurchases, pension contributions, and long-term debt payments through the next several years. We have commitments for the purchase of aircraft, vehicles, equipment, and real estate to provide for the replacement of existing capacity and anticipated future growth. We regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt or equity to refinance existing debt and to fund ongoing cash needs. The determination of whether goodwill is impaired involves a significant level of judgment in these assumptions, and changes in our business strategy, government regulations, or economic or market conditions could significantly impact these judgments. We routinely monitor market conditions and other factors to determine if interim impairment tests are necessary. We are involved in various legal proceedings and subject to various contingencies. The events that may impact our contingent liabilities are often unique and generally are not predictable. We record a liability for a loss when the loss is probable of occurring and reasonably estimable. Our allocation methodologies are refined periodically, as necessary, to reflect changes in our businesses. We believe that funds from operations and borrowing programs will provide adequate sources of liquidity and capital resources to meet our expected long-term needs for the operation of our business, including anticipated capital expenditures, transformation strategy, and pension contributions for the foreseeable future. We have contractual obligations and commitments in the form of finance leases, operating leases, debt obligations, purchase commitments, and certain other liabilities. We intend to satisfy these obligations primarily through the use of cash flow from operations. We evaluate the total range of actuarial outcomes when estimating losses that will ultimately occur. We believe that we will ultimately recover a substantial majority of the deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. We assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely, we must increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets that we estimate will not ultimately be recoverable.