We continue to focus on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, which is a life-threatening genetic disease. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and the science of therapeutics in order to identify and develop new medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. We have established preclinical genetic therapy programs and are pursuing other therapeutic approaches to address the remaining patient population. We have entered into arrangements with third parties, including collaboration and licensing arrangements, for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to complement our ongoing research and development efforts. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations, and we have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. We dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors. We plan to continue to engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations, along with government health programs, to ensure that payors recognize the significant benefits that our medicines provide. Our future capital requirements include significant expected operating expenses to conduct research and development activities and to operate our organization. We expect that cash flows from our products together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We may raise additional capital by borrowing under