We operate in the highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce businesses. Many of these competitors are national, regional or international chains or have a national or international omni-channel or ecommerce presence. We compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality employees. We, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to: catastrophic events, weather, global health epidemics, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, cost of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, deflation, inflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. Additionally, we are monitoring the potential impact of the recent coronavirus outbreak to our global business. Its financial impact is unknown at this time. We have taken strategic actions to strengthen our portfolio for the long-term, including acquisitions and divestitures that reflect our adaptability to changing market conditions. We define our financial framework as strong, efficient growth, consistent operating discipline, and strategic capital allocation, which are essential for maintaining resilience in the face of external pressures. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, accelerating ecommerce sales growth, and expanding omni-channel initiatives. We measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating, selling, general and administrative expenses. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory, and reduce costs. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers, which is vital for sustaining competitive advantage. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund operations, finance our global investment and expansion activities, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases for the foreseeable future. Our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our long-term debt and short-term borrowings, have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. We have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. We regularly review our accounting policies and how they are applied, which is essential for maintaining organizational health and resilience. The strength and stability of our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity, which is critical for navigating unexpected situations and maintaining operational continuity. Our commitment to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices is supported by everyday low costs, which reflects our focus on resilience strategies that enhance our organizational capabilities and adaptability in a turbulent market environment.