Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The level of importance of each of the following risks may vary from time to time, and any of these risks may have a material effect on our business. We are focused on ensuring that our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. If we fail to adapt our technology to meet client needs and preferences, the demand for our services may diminish. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges, the demand for our services may diminish. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. We have implemented policies to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are in the process of upgrading and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures; however, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies, for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies will be determined to be adequate by regulators. Our businesses host, collect, use, transmit and store personal and business information, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses in connection with our business. We have programs in place to prevent, detect and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third-parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. As these threats continue to evolve, we may be required to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our commitment to service excellence lies at the core of our relationship with each of our clients, whether a small, midsized or large organization in one or multiple countries. Our business strategy is based on strategic pillars, which are predicated on our ability to drive innovation and service excellence, and attract, build, and retain the right talent to position us as the global market leader in human capital management services. We believe our success in human capital management requires deep expertise and outstanding service to help our clients not just manage their employees, but build better workforces.