AEP's financial performance may be adversely affected if AEP is unable to successfully operate facilities or perform certain corporate functions. Performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities. Operating these facilities involves many risks, including information technology failure that impairs AEP's information technology infrastructure or disrupts normal business operations. Information technology failure that affects AEP's ability to access customer information or causes loss of confidential or proprietary data that materially and adversely affects AEP's reputation or exposes AEP to legal claims is a significant concern. AEP owns assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. The computer systems that run AEP facilities are not completely isolated from external networks, making them targets for cyber attacks. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control generation, transmission, distribution, or other assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing service to customers or collection of revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the ability to correctly record, process, and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny, and damage to AEP's reputation. AEP has a comprehensive cyber security program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data and systems. However, cyber threats continue to evolve and adapt, and there is a risk that AEP could experience a successful cyber attack despite current security posture and regulatory compliance efforts. AEP's ability to recover costs incurred to begin construction on projects that are canceled is also a risk. AEP's business plan for the construction of new projects involves a number of risks, including construction delays and nonperformance by equipment and other third-party suppliers. AEP's transmission investment strategy and execution bears certain risks associated with these activities, and management believes AEP's experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives AEP an advantage over other competitors in securing authorization to install, construct, and operate new transmission lines and facilities. However, there can be no assurance that regional transmission organizations will authorize new transmission projects or will award such projects to AEP. Compliance with new reliability standards may subject AEP to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. While management expects to recover costs and expenditures from customers through regulated rates, there can be no assurance that the applicable commissions will approve full recovery in a timely manner. AEP's financial performance may also be impacted by the ability to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, which is critical for managing and operating the business effectively. Changes in technology and regulatory policies may lower the value of generating facilities, and advances in technologies could have a material adverse effect on results of operations. AEP's ability to maintain relatively low cost, efficient, and reliable operations is a significant determinant of its competitiveness.