Our success depends in part on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology. Our business relies heavily on technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and our business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs while ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. Some of our information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards, including adequate business continuity procedures. We are in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing our business systems; however, these changes are always challenging in our complex integrated environment. Our success is dependent in large part on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient manner. The continued long-term growth of our business may require increases in the statutory capital and surplus of our insurance operations. We seek to match the investment currency and interest rate risk to our yen liabilities. The low level of interest rates available on yen-denominated securities has a negative effect on our overall net investment income. Our investment strategy is to invest in fixed-maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the company's growth and profitability. We do not purchase securities with the intent of generating capital gains or losses; however, investment gains and losses may be realized as a result of changes in the financial markets and the creditworthiness of specific issuers. We employ a team of credit analysts to monitor the creditworthiness of the issuers in our portfolio. Our management updates its evaluations regularly as conditions change and as new information becomes available and reflects impairment losses in the company's income statement when considered necessary. We are also subject to the risk that any collateral providing credit enhancement to our positions could deteriorate. Our portfolio includes holdings of perpetual securities, which have characteristics of both debt and equity instruments. The financial crisis also created new government regulation, including the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory reform bill for U.S. institutions. This significant legislation, intended to reduce the risk of another crisis, contains multiple provisions that could impact our business as rules are finalized and implemented. Our business depends on our technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers. We are in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing our business systems; however, these changes are always challenging in our complex integrated environment. The success of our business depends in part on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology. We are exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our overall level of investment income will be negatively impacted if a low-interest-rate environment persists. Our investment portfolios include dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities, which expose us to changes in foreign exchange rates. We are also exposed to economic currency risk when yen cash flows are converted into dollars, resulting in an increase or decrease in our earnings when exchange gains or losses are realized. The collection, maintenance, use, protection, disclosure, and disposal of individually identifiable data by our businesses are regulated at the international, federal, and state levels. Compliance with new privacy and security laws, requirements, and new regulations may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes, new limitations or constraints on our business models, and the development of new administrative processes.