We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. At its core, the notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment, and other financial services businesses that generate market risk, directly and indirectly. Our business is affected by industry and economic factors such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition, and general economic, market, and political conditions. We operate our insurance businesses on a global basis, and we are exposed to a wide variety of risks with different time horizons. We manage these risks throughout the organization, both centrally and locally, through a number of procedures including pre-launch approval of product design, development, and distribution; underwriting approval processes and authorities; exposure limits with ongoing monitoring; management of the relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging; enhanced pricing models; modeling and reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels; compliance with financial reporting and capital and solvency targets; use of reinsurance; and review and establishment of reserves. We manage our business risk oversight activities through our insurance operations. A primary goal in managing our insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return on equity. We must be disciplined in risk selection, premium adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the risk accepted. We closely manage insurance risk by monitoring and controlling the nature and geographic location of the risks in each line of business underwritten, the terms and conditions of the underwriting, and the premiums we charge for taking on the risk. We analyze concentrations of risk using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions and/or single-point estimates approaches. Our risk management efforts may not always be successful, and material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, or financial condition may occur. We recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. We actively analyze the latest climate science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models, and strategic planning. We are committed to providing innovative insurance products and services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change, including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Our internal product development, underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.