Our ability to apply technology effectively in driving value for our clients through technology-based solutions or gain internal efficiencies and effective internal controls through the application of technology and related tools is critical. We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences, and internal control standards. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies or product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs. We have established provisions against potential claims that may arise from our employees or sub-agents improperly failing to procure coverage or provide clients with appropriate consulting, advisory, and claims handling services. Our risk management segment is highly dependent on the continued and efficient functioning of our proprietary risk management information system to provide clients with insurance claim settlement and administration services. We maintain policies, procedures, and technical safeguards designed to protect the security and privacy of confidential, personal, and proprietary information. However, we cannot eliminate the risk of human error or inadequate safeguards against employee or vendor malfeasance. Cyber threats are constantly evolving, which makes it more difficult to detect cybersecurity incidents, assess their severity or impact in a timely manner, and successfully defend against them. Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations addressing licensing, data privacy, and anti-competition, which could reduce our profitability or growth by increasing the costs of compliance or restricting the products or services we sell. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably affected by changes in tax rates, discriminatory or confiscatory taxation, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, and changes in tax laws or their interpretation. We may not be able to continue our acquisition strategy in the future, and there are risks associated with such acquisitions, which could adversely affect our growth and results of operations. The failure to successfully identify and complete acquisitions likely would result in us achieving slower growth. Our ability to finance and integrate acquisitions may decrease if we complete a greater number of large acquisitions than we have historically. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel, including our senior management, brokers, and other key personnel. The loss of key personnel could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our growing operations outside the U.S. expose us to risks different from those we face domestically, including maintaining awareness of and complying with a wide variety of labor practices and foreign laws. Our operations are increasingly dependent on technology and the ability to leverage IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and responding effectively to market dynamics.