We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our strategy is to serve all four of these consumer segments with unique products and in innovative ways while leveraging our claims, pricing, and operational capabilities. We are investing in telematics and broadening the value proposition for the connected consumer. Our strategy for the allstate brand centers around customers who prefer local personal advice and service and are brand-sensitive. We are undergoing a focused multi-year effort to position agents, licensed sales professionals, and financial specialists as trusted advisors to better serve customers who prefer local and personalized advice. We continue to enhance technology to improve customer service, facilitate the introduction of new products and services, improve the handling of claims, and reduce infrastructure costs related to supporting agencies. Our sophisticated pricing methodology allows us to attract and retain customers in multiple risk segments. We continue to manage our property catastrophe exposure with the goal of providing shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business and to reduce the variability of our earnings. We are also working to promote measures to prevent and mitigate losses and make homes and communities more resilient, including enactment of stronger building codes and effective enforcement of those codes. Our catastrophe reinsurance program is designed to provide reinsurance protection for catastrophes resulting from multiple perils including hurricanes, windstorms, hail, tornados, fires following earthquakes, earthquakes, and wildfires. We anticipate completing the placement of our 2016 catastrophe reinsurance program in the second quarter of 2016. We expect the program will be similar to our 2015 catastrophe reinsurance program. Our investment strategy for structured settlements includes increasing investments in which we have ownership interests and a greater proportion of return is derived from idiosyncratic asset or operating performance. We are continually enhancing our cyber and other information security in order to remain secure against emerging threats, together with increasing our ability to detect system compromise and recover should a cyber-attack or unauthorized access occur. We have a comprehensive portfolio monitoring process to identify and evaluate each fixed income and equity security that may be other-than-temporarily impaired. We utilize specific customer value propositions for each brand to improve our competitive position and performance. Our enterprise risk and return management framework provides a comprehensive view of risks and opportunities and is used by senior leaders and business managers to provide risk and return insight and drive strategic and business decisions. We are also investing in new generation enrollment and administrative technology to improve our customer experience and modernize our operating model. Our investment portfolios are held for the property-liability, allstate financial, and corporate and other operations. We manage risks that involve uncertainty related to interest rates, credit spreads, equity returns, and currency exchange rates. We expect volatility in accumulated other comprehensive income resulting from changes in unrealized net capital gains and losses and unrecognized pension costs. We believe our net claims and claims expense reserves are appropriately established based on available methodologies, facts, technology, laws, and regulations. The establishment of appropriate reserves, including reserves for catastrophe losses, requires regular reevaluation and refinement of estimates to determine our ultimate loss estimate. We are subject to extensive regulation and potential further restrictive regulation may increase our operating costs and limit our growth.