Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by information technology and other business disruptions. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, and information technology systems may be impacted by natural or man-made disruptions, including information technology attacks or failures, threats to physical security, armed conflict, as well as damaging weather or other acts of nature, pandemics or other public health crises. For example, our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted, or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunications or utility failures, or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances, our disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. A shutdown of, or inability to utilize, one or more of our facilities, our supply chain, our distribution system, or our information technology, telecommunications or other systems, could significantly disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, damage customer relationships and our reputation, result in lost sales, result in the misappropriation or corruption of data, or result in legal exposure and large repair and replacement expenses. Our growth strategy includes strategic acquisitions. Successfully integrating acquired businesses, including integrating the financial, technological, and management processes, procedures, and controls of the acquired businesses with those of our existing operations is crucial. The process of integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. Our success is partly dependent upon properly executing and realizing cost savings or other benefits from our ongoing production and procurement initiatives, including the relocation of manufacturing operations to low-cost locales. These initiatives are primarily designed to make the company more efficient, which is necessary in the company's highly competitive industry. Our substantial international sales and operations are subject to customary risks associated with international operations. The company is committed to, and has consistently invested in, research, development, and engineering activities to design and develop new and improved products. Research, development, and engineering costs before customer reimbursement were significant and directed toward the development of new products and processes and the improvement of existing products and processes. The company's differentiated and global business activities help to reduce the impact that any particular market risk may have on its operating income as a whole. The primary commodities to which the company has market exposure are raw material purchases, and exposure to price changes in these commodities are generally mitigated through adjustments in selling prices of the ultimate product and purchase order pricing arrangements. The company believes it has established reserves which are sufficient to perform all known responsibilities under existing claims and consent orders. The company has agreements with other former owners of certain of its acquired businesses, as well as new owners of previously owned businesses. Under certain of the agreements, the former or new owners retained, or assumed and agreed to indemnify the company against, certain environmental and other liabilities under certain circumstances. The company believes it has sufficient cash-generating capabilities from domestic and unrestricted foreign sources, available credit facilities, and access to long-term capital funds to enable it to meet its operating needs and contractual obligations in the foreseeable future.