Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects will be adversely affected. To manage domestic and international growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting processes and procedures and implement more extensive and integrated financial and business information systems. We may not be able to successfully implement these or other improvements to our systems and processes in an efficient or timely manner, and we may discover deficiencies in their capabilities or effectiveness. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate effectively and in the intended manner, may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships, our inability to manage the growth of our business, and our inability to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses, and earnings and prevent certain losses. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving industries, including the risks described elsewhere in this annual report. If we do not address these risks successfully, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects will be adversely affected. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We may be required to make substantial additional investments in research, development, marketing, and sales in order to respond to competition, and we cannot assure you that these investments will achieve any returns for us or that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. We must continue to develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends and changing end-customer needs. The process of developing new technology is complex and uncertain, and new offerings require significant upfront investment that may not result in material design improvements to existing products or result in marketable new products or cost savings or revenue for an extended period of time, if at all. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers and attract new end customers, including large end customers, is critical. Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. The timing of our sales and revenue recognition is difficult to predict because of the length and unpredictability of our products' sales cycles. Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications, and hardware that is developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents together with cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, the timing and cost of establishing additional sales and marketing capabilities, the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings, and the continued market acceptance of our products. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on various factors, including sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, the average sales price of our offerings, manufacturing costs, and merchant silicon costs. We intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership.