The company's information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The security of the company's information technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect its ability to operate. The company depends on information technology to enable efficient operations and interface with customers as well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. If the company does not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, it could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to confidential business information. The company’s information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services and service providers. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. The company has established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of information. The company’s operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside its control, including severe weather conditions, which could disrupt the company's operations or the operations of its suppliers or customers. The company's ability to manage risks inherent in operating in developing markets, including unfamiliar regulatory environments and new relationships with local partners, is crucial to its success. The company has invested significant capital and other resources in emerging markets, which may present both operational challenges and opportunities for innovation and market responsiveness. The occurrence of risks related to operational, political, and legal factors in international operations could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition, results of operation, and cash flow. The company faces strong competition from large global competitors and many smaller regional ones, and the introduction of new technologies by competitors could weaken demand for or impact pricing of the company's products. The company’s restructuring actions could have long-term adverse effects on its business, impacting its ability to attract and retain key employees and respond to customers. The company has experienced technical challenges and on-stream delays in starting up projects, which could lead to additional capital investments. The company’s information technology capabilities are critical to its operational efficiency and business innovation, and the failure of technologies to work as predicted could lead to cost overruns and financial penalties. The company’s ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and confidentiality is essential for supporting business strategies and work processes. The company’s IT capability is a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force, as it represents the application of physical or intangible IT resources to further organizational goals. The company’s strategic resource allocation decisions, including investments in technology infrastructure and capabilities, are vital for enhancing operational flexibility and achieving performance gains.