We rely on our own internal information technology, or IT, systems and on third parties to provide corporate infrastructure services necessary for the operation of our business. We depend on various IT systems, including networks, applications, internal IT systems and personnel, and outsourced services. The ability of these third-party vendors to successfully provide reliable, high-quality services is subject to technical and operational uncertainties that are beyond our control. Any failure of our IT systems or one or more of our vendors to provide necessary services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations by harming our ability to accurately forecast sales demand, manage our supply chain and production facilities, fulfill customer orders, and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. We also rely on selected foundries to timely develop new, advanced manufacturing processes and we may be unable to deliver products to our customers if these new processes are not timely developed or we do not have sufficient access to them. Our ability to compete successfully depends on elements both within and outside of our control, including industry and general economic trends. The actions of our competitors, particularly in the area of pricing, can have a substantial adverse impact on our revenues. Our growth strategy includes the acquisition of, and investment in, businesses that offer complementary products, services and technologies, augment our market coverage, or enhance our technological capabilities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment, alliance, or joint venture opportunities, that we will be able to consummate any such transactions, or that such transactions will be successful. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges in future periods, including as a result of acquisitions that we expect to close or may make in the future, particularly Broadcom. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in research and development to improve existing and develop new technologies to keep pace with technological advances and to remain competitive in our business, and unsuccessful investments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including share-based compensation expense. The majority of the increase in research and development expense is related primarily to the impact of LSI and PLX for the full fiscal year, the impact of Emulex for the first half of fiscal year 2015, and an increase in share-based compensation expense due to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values and higher headcount as a result of the LSI, PLX and Emulex acquisitions. We utilize a significant amount of intellectual property in our business. Our success depends in part upon protecting our IP, including our proprietary technology. We have structured our operations to maximize the benefit from various tax incentives and tax holidays extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. The provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in Singapore and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due.