We are materially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, both domestic and international. The success of our evidence.com software as a service ("saas") delivery model is materially dependent on acceptance of this business model by our law enforcement customers. Delayed or lengthy time to adoption by law enforcement agencies will negatively impact our sales and profitability. The hosted service delivery business model is not presently widely adopted by our law enforcement customer base. As such, the sales cycle has additional complexity with the need to educate our customers and address issues regarding agency bandwidth requirements, data retention policies, data security and chain of evidence custody. Delays in successfully securing widespread adoption of evidence.com services could adversely affect our revenues, profitability and financial condition. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time-consuming and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. We cannot provide any assurance that products that we may develop in the future will achieve market acceptance. Our increasing focus on our saas platform also presents new and complex development issues. Significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. While we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our cew, axon and saas technology, it is possible that new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products which could adversely affect our revenue. Our service involves the storage and transmission of customers' proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. We devote significant resources to engineer secure products and ensure security vulnerabilities are mitigated. Despite these efforts, security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, and malfeasance or otherwise. Our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable. We are seeing a large number of customers upgrade their devices to the x2 or the new x26p device, which we introduced in 2011 and 2013, respectively. This is a trend we expect to continue. Our primary strategies to accomplish this include introducing additional shifts, increasing the physical size of our assembly facilities, the hiring of additional production staff, and the implementation of additional customized automation equipment. Our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through distributors and direct sales and our inability to recruit new distributors or increase direct sales would negatively affect our sales. We are also focusing on direct sales to larger agencies through our regional sales managers and our inability to grow sales to these agencies in this manner could adversely affect our sales. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on independent distributors and direct sales. Our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors, who we believe can successfully sell our products, would adversely affect our sales. We are building out our axon platform with body cameras and video management, which are driving rapid growth and market penetration today. However, the real opportunity is to leverage this connected platform to enable a broad suite of mobile, wearable, and data management capabilities to bring modern information technology capabilities to every law enforcement officer.