Difficult economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic conditions, both in the United States and elsewhere around the world. Our operating results may suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry. The payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with a wide variety of financial payment products, including charge, credit and debit card networks and issuers, as well as evolving alternative payment mechanisms, systems and products. We believe that our ability to successfully manage and invest in technology resources is critical to maintaining a competitive advantage. We need to continue to invest in business process and technology advances across all areas of our business, including in transaction processing, data management and analysis, customer interactions and communications, alternative payment mechanisms and risk management and compliance systems. Our success will depend in part on our ability to innovate by offering new payment services products, develop new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. If we are unable to continue to keep pace with innovation, manage the shift to mobile, device-based and multi-channel commerce, drive adoption of new products and services or improve the quality of the card member experience, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our ability to develop, acquire or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may also be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties may assert. We rely on third-party providers of various computer systems, platforms and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. If a service provider fails to provide the data quality, communications capacity or services we require, the failure could interrupt or compromise the quality of our services to customers. We are subject to the risk that activities of our third-party service providers may adversely affect our business. A significant disruption or breach in the security of our information technology systems or an increase in fraudulent activity using our cards could lead to reputational damage to our brand and significant legal, regulatory and financial exposure. Our networks and systems are subject to constant attempts to identify and exploit potential vulnerabilities in our operating environment. As outsourcing and specialization of functions within the payments industry increase, there are more third parties involved in processing transactions using our cards, and there is a risk that the confidentiality, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties may be compromised. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing data breaches and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change. Our information technology systems may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyber-attacks, terrorism, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. If our information technology systems experience a significant disruption or breach, it could lead to the loss of data or data integrity, regulatory investigations and intervention, increased litigation, remediation and response costs, greater concerns of customers relating to the privacy and security of their data, and reputational and financial damage to our brand. We may not be successful in our efforts to promote card usage through our marketing, promotion, merchant acceptance and rewards programs, or to effectively control the costs of such programs, both of which may impact our profitability. We may not be able to effectively manage the operational and compliance risks to which we are exposed. Our operational risk framework is designed to identify, measure, monitor and report inherent and emerging operational risks.