We rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. Our systems and the third-party systems we rely on are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, catastrophic events, and design or usage errors by our autozoners, contractors or third-party service providers. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The increasing use of technology also poses a risk as customers are able to quickly compare products and prices and use social media to provide feedback in a manner that is rapidly and broadly dispersed. We have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price. Our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and operate new locations and expand and remodel existing locations to meet customers' needs on a timely and profitable basis. We have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $7.363 billion in fiscal 2010 to $10.187 billion in fiscal 2015, an average increase per year of 8%. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, unemployment rates, and other economic conditions. We believe our continued strong sales growth is driven in significant part by our brand name. Our ability to grow depends in part on new location openings, existing location remodels and expansions and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network. We have increased our location count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 4,627 locations at August 28, 2010, to 5,609 locations at August 29, 2015, an average store location increase per year of 4%. We cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to open locations at historical rates or continue to achieve increases in same store sales. We must effectively compete against national and regional auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers in order to increase our commercial market share. Our business depends upon hiring and retaining qualified employees. If we are unable to hire, properly train and/or retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, losses of customers and diminution of our brand, which could adversely affect our earnings. Our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is subject to employment laws and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage. We believe that much of our brand value lies in the quality of the more than 81,000 autozoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers, Alldata, Autoanything and IMC. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire and retain qualified employees at current wage rates. Our ability to acquire and provide quality merchandise could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. We are dependent upon our vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise. If our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers' expectations regarding quality and safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. Our vendors are impacted by global economic conditions. If any of our significant vendors experience financial difficulties or otherwise are unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers' perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales.