In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others of which are more specific to our own businesses. Our businesses and results of operations are affected by the financial markets and general economic, market, political, and social conditions in the U.S. and abroad, including factors such as the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, home prices, and consumer spending. Our liquidity risk management objective is to meet all contractual and contingent financial obligations at all times, including during periods of stress. We analyze and monitor our liquidity risk under expected and stressed conditions, maintain excess liquidity, and access diverse funding sources, including our stable deposit base. We fund our assets primarily with a mix of deposits and secured and unsecured liabilities through a centralized, globally coordinated funding strategy. Our businesses rely on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks. Cyber security risks for financial institutions have significantly increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication of organized crime and hackers. Our operational and security systems, infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. We have taken measures to implement backup systems and other safeguards to support our operations, but our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss to us. We seek to identify, measure, monitor, report, and control our exposure to the types of risk to which we are subject, including strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks. Our risk framework sets forth clear roles, responsibilities, and accountability for the management of risk and provides a blueprint for how the board establishes risk appetite and associated limits for our activities. Our strategic plan takes into consideration return objectives and financial resources, which must align with risk capacity and risk appetite. We utilize periodic stress tests to assess the potential impacts to our balance sheet, earnings, capital, and liquidity under a variety of stress scenarios. We manage credit risk based on the risk profile of the borrower or counterparty, repayment sources, and the nature of underlying collateral. Our credit risk management practices are refined to meet the changing economic environment. We have established operational procedures to enable us to borrow against eligible assets, including residential mortgages and debt securities. Our businesses are subject to comprehensive regulation under federal and state laws in the U.S. and the laws of the various jurisdictions in which we operate. The current regulatory environment is fluid, with requirements frequently being introduced and amended. We continuously update our systems to support our operations and growth.
We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. IT capability, broadly defined as the IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs, has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. Our business and risk management personnel use a variety of tools to continuously monitor the ability of a borrower or counterparty to perform under its obligations. We utilize syndications of exposure to third parties, loan sales, hedging, and other risk mitigation techniques to manage the size and risk profile of the commercial credit portfolio. The credit quality of commercial real estate borrowers continued to improve as property valuations increased and vacancy rates remained low. We have implemented a comprehensive risk management program to mitigate the effects of changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights through the use of risk management instruments. We have established a risk management framework to set and approve industry limits as well as to provide ongoing monitoring. The corporation's approach to the management of compliance risk is described in the global compliance - enterprise policy, which outlines the requirements of the corporation's global compliance program. The operational risk management program addresses the overarching processes for identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling operational risk, and reporting operational risk information to management and the board. We conduct a review of our fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. The allowance for loan and lease losses is established by product type after analyzing historical loss experience, internal risk rating, current economic conditions, industry performance trends, geographic and obligor concentrations within each portfolio, and any other pertinent information. The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases outstanding was 1.37 percent at December 31, 2015, compared to 1.65 percent at December 31, 2014. The decrease in the provision for credit losses was driven by portfolio improvement, including increased home prices in the consumer real estate portfolio and lower unemployment levels driving improvement in the credit card portfolios. We also consider factors that are applicable to unique portfolio segments. The corporation's market capitalization remained below our recorded book value during 2015. The credit risk profile of the borrower or counterparty is assessed based on an analysis of its financial position. The corporation is a member of various securities and derivative exchanges and clearinghouses, both in the U.S. and other countries. The corporation's approach to the management of operational risk is described in the global operational risk management program, which provides independent, integrated management of operational risk across the organization.