We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Our information technology systems have been subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past. These attacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being lost or stolen, disruption of our operations, and other negative consequences, such as increased costs for security measures or remediation costs, diversion of management attention, and adverse impact on our relationships with vendors and customers. While we will continue to implement additional protective measures to reduce the risk of and detect future cyber incidents, cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and the techniques used in such attacks change rapidly. There can be no assurances that our protective measures will prevent future attacks that could have a significant impact on our business. Our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on products that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers, and researchers. The development of these products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products, complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, and gain and maintain market approval of our products. The medical technology industry is very competitive. We face significant competition from a wide range of companies. These include large medical device companies with multiple product lines, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, and firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets or product lines. We face competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical outcomes, product quality, price, services, and other factors. The medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change and discovery. The development of new or improved products, processes, or technologies by other companies may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. Our international operations subject us to certain risks, including the effects of local economic conditions, foreign regulatory requirements or changes in such requirements, local product preferences and product requirements, difficulty in establishing, staffing, and managing foreign operations, and potential political instability. Our ability to penetrate emerging markets depends on local economic and political conditions, and how well we are able to acquire or form strategic business alliances with local companies and make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities and distribution networks. We are also subject to security breaches of our computer and communications systems, including computer viruses, hacking, and cyber-attacks, which could impair our ability to conduct business or result in the loss of trade secrets or compromise sensitive information.