Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. These factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and the value of investments. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns, our funds' portfolio companies may experience adverse operating performance, decreased revenues, credit rating downgrades, financial losses, difficulty in obtaining access to financing, and increased funding costs. Negative financial results in our investment funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to raise new funds as well as our operating results and cash flow. Our investment strategy is based on identifying attractive investment opportunities, and we may face challenges in finding suitable investments for the funds to effectively deploy capital. The operational risks may disrupt our businesses, result in losses, or limit our growth. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems, which may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth. Our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks, and breaches of our network security systems could involve attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. If our systems are compromised, do not operate properly, or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our investment funds, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage. The asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to clients, investor liquidity and willingness to invest, fund terms, brand recognition, and business reputation. Our asset management business competes with a number of private equity funds, specialized investment funds, hedge funds, funds of funds, and other sponsors managing pools of capital, as well as corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, commercial banks, investment banks, and other financial institutions. The success of our strategy will depend on the availability of suitable opportunities, the level of competition from other companies that may have greater financial resources, our ability to value potential development or acquisition opportunities accurately, and our ability to obtain requisite approvals and licenses from the relevant governmental authorities. We also expect opportunities will arise to acquire other alternative or traditional asset managers. If we are unable to consummate or successfully integrate additional development opportunities, acquisitions, or joint ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully. Our growth strategy is based, in part, on the selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. The operational flexibility of our information systems and technology may be critical in supporting our growth and in managing our investment activities effectively.