We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, are critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats are increasing in frequency and sophistication, posing a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks that have resulted in unauthorized parties gaining access to our information technology systems and networks. However, to date, no cybersecurity attack has had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. While we actively manage information technology security risks within our control, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to mitigate all potential risks to our systems, networks, and data. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. We are focusing on developmental activities in the area of data analytics in an effort to enhance customer productivity. We believe that should we be successful in developing an automated analytics and diagnostics solution that can be utilized across our product line, this will result in a competitive advantage for our company. We are also in the process of implementing new enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems in many of our businesses to increase efficiency and harmonize our operations. There can be no assurance that these ERP systems, these initiatives, or others will continue to be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency improvements, incremental cost savings, or cash flow improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all. If our new ERP systems are not implemented successfully, it could have an adverse effect on our operations and competitive position. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to contemplate cost reduction actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits of these actions. Our restructuring activities continued as part of our ongoing efforts to optimize our cost structure and improve the efficiency of our operations. The energy and mining industries are major users of our products, including the coal, iron ore, gold, copper, oil, and natural gas industries. Decisions to purchase our products are dependent upon the performance of these industries, which in turn are dependent in part on commodity prices. We believe that our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. At its core, the notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.