Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to the semiconductor and electronics industries, which may negatively impact our business and reduce our bookings levels and revenue. The industries we serve are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, rapid product obsolescence, and evolving standards, which necessitate our ability to respond quickly to technological developments and customers' increasing technological requirements. The ability to design systems on chips (SoCs) increases the complexity of managing designs, requiring simultaneous design of the integrated circuit and the related software embedded on the integrated circuit. The challenges of advanced node design are leading some customers to work with more mature, less risky manufacturing processes, potentially reducing their need to upgrade or enhance their electronic design automation (EDA) products and design flows. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products, which is critical for maintaining competitive advantage. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. Our ability to achieve a consistent revenue mix is impacted by the competitiveness of our technology and the size, duration, timing, terms, and type of contract renewals with existing customers, as well as additional sales to existing customers and sales to new customers. We have invested significantly in research and development to expand our intellectual property offerings and to respond to our customers' increasing technological requirements, which are essential for maintaining and improving our competitive position. The competitive pressures we face may require us to change our pricing, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our reliance on sole suppliers for certain hardware components makes us vulnerable to supply disruption and price fluctuation, which could delay our production process and negatively impact our revenue and operating results. We depend on our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate, and retain these individuals may hinder our ability to compete effectively. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world, and any activities that interfere with our international connectivity, such as cyber hacking or natural disasters, could significantly interfere with our business operations. We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and intellectual property products. We must also be able to support a range of changing computer software, hardware platforms, and customer preferences to remain competitive. Our future business and financial results are subject to considerable uncertainty that could impact our stock price, and we may not be able to quickly reduce our expenses in response to short-term business changes. Our investments in research and development and technical sales support are critical for maintaining our competitive position, and if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits from these investments, our revenue and operating results may suffer.