We depend on generating sufficient cash flow to fund our debt obligations, capital expenditures, and ongoing operations. Our ability to sustain and grow revenues and cash flow from operations by offering video, internet, voice, advertising, and other services to residential and commercial customers is critical to adequately meet customer experience demands in our markets. The development and deployment of new products and technologies, including our cloud-based user interface, spectrum guide, and downloadable security for set-top boxes, are essential for maintaining our competitive position. Our business operates in a very competitive environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. We face competition from companies with fewer regulatory burdens, better access to financing, and greater resources for marketing. The increasing number of choices available to consumers could negatively impact advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from us. We have experienced customer losses in areas where competitors have introduced or expanded their video products, and technological advancements have intensified audience fragmentation. Our ability to implement changes as our services grow may be limited by our dependence on interconnection and related services provided by third parties. The competitive landscape for residential and commercial telephone services is intense, and we face competition from providers of internet telephone services, as well as incumbent telephone companies. Our ability to service our debt and fund our planned capital expenditures and ongoing operations will depend on our ability to continue to generate cash flow and our access to additional liquidity sources. We expect to continue investment in technology, equipment, and personnel focused on the commercial business, which is critical for meeting service level agreements and customer expectations for reliability. Our operational results depend upon the retention and continued performance of our management team, and our ability to retain and hire new key employees could be impacted adversely by the competitive environment for management talent in the broadband communications industry. Our business is characterized by rapid technological change and the introduction of new products and services, which may require significant capital expenditures to keep pace with technological developments. The implementation of our network-based user interface and downloadable security necessary for our worldbox set-top box strategy may ultimately be unsuccessful or more expensive than anticipated. Our inability to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. We may be subject to information technology system failures and network disruptions, which could have adverse consequences on our network and our customers, including degradation of service and security breaches. System failures and network disruptions may also be caused by natural disasters, accidents, or telecommunications failures. If a significant incident were to occur, it could damage our reputation and credibility, lead to customer dissatisfaction, and ultimately result in loss of customers or revenue. Our ability to realize the benefits of our worldbox technology depends on successful implementation across our video network. We continuously evaluate and pursue small and large acquisitions and strategic investments in businesses, products, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our business or offer growth or cost-saving opportunities.