Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors’ use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of DOCSIS 3.1, X1 set-top boxes, wireless gateways and cloud DVR technology, and there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. Our cable communications business continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet and business services businesses and by launching additional services, such as our home security and automation services. We are actively deploying X1 set-top boxes throughout our footprint and have launched cloud DVR technology in substantially all of our markets. We are continuing to expand our network of residential, outdoor and business Wi-Fi hotspots to allow most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home, and we provide access to approximately 13.3 million of these hotspots as of December 31, 2015. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers subscribing to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services, and from the sale of advertising. Our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and government authorities. Our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses. Network and information systems-related events, including those caused by us or by third parties, such as computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers or damage to our equipment, data and properties. These events also could result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future, and any such events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many lines of business, and our lines of business may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and the fact that we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form stored on cloud servers. We expect to continue to invest in customer premise equipment, primarily for our X1 platform, wireless gateways and cloud DVR technology, and in equipment to increase our network capacity.