Our existing restaurant management systems, financial and management controls, information systems and personnel may be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these systems, procedures and controls and to hire, train and retain general managers, crew and corporate staff. We also are continuing to attempt to improve our field management in an effort to develop additional top-performing general managers more quickly. We may not respond quickly enough to the changing demands that our expansion will impose on management, crew and existing infrastructure, and changes to our operating structure may result in increased costs or inefficiencies that we cannot currently anticipate. Changes as we grow may have a negative impact on the operation of our restaurants, and cost increases resulting from our inability to effectively manage our growth could adversely impact our profitability. We believe that good managers and crew are a key part of our success. We devote significant resources to recruiting and training our general managers and crew. Our success also depends in part on the energy and skills of our employees and our ability to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees, especially general managers and crew members. Our failure to find and keep enough employees who are a good fit with our culture could delay planned restaurant openings, result in higher employee turnover or erode our employee and restaurant cultures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We have implemented a number of enhancements to our food safety protocols, and intend to make additional enhancements, to ensure that our food is as safe as it can be. Many of our new procedures, which go beyond the industry-standard food safety practices that we were previously following, will increase the cost of some ingredients or the amount of labor required to prepare and serve our food. If we aren't able to increase sales to offset the increased costs resulting from these changes, our margins will fall well short of levels we have historically achieved. Our ability to increase comparable restaurant sales depends on many factors, including perceptions of the chipotle brand and the safety and quality of our food; competition, especially from an increasing number of competitors in the fast casual segment of the restaurant industry and from other restaurant concepts whose strategies overlap with elements of our food with integrity philosophy; executing our strategies effectively, including our development strategy, our marketing and branding strategies, our initiatives to increase the speed at which our crews serve each customer, expanded use of online and other electronic ordering, increasing sales from our catering options, and new menu items, each of which we may not be able to accomplish or which may not have the impact we expect. Our plans call for a significant number of new restaurants. We expect to incur capital expenditures of about $260 million in 2016, of which about $200 million relates to our construction of new restaurants before any reductions for landlord reimbursements, and the remainder primarily relates to restaurant reinvestments, information technology and infrastructure initiatives as well as food safety initiatives. We have also seen some deterioration in sales trends at our international locations since late 2015, which we believe may be attributable to expanding awareness of the food-borne illness incidents described elsewhere in this report, and those trends may worsen as awareness of the incidents further expands. We may also find it more difficult in international markets to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees who can project our vision, passion and culture, and labor costs may be higher in international markets due to increased regulation or local market conditions.