We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. Our ability to expand and continually update these systems and infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business is critical. As we implement new systems, they may not perform as expected, and we face the challenge of supporting our older systems while implementing necessary upgrades. Some of these systems are managed by third-party service providers and are not under our direct control, which adds to the risk. If we experience a problem with an important information technology system, including during system upgrades and/or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. The information handled by our information technology systems is vulnerable to security threats, and we routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. Information technology security threats such as security breaches, computer malware and other cyber attacks, which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, could result in unauthorized disclosures of information and create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. We continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material information technology event could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels and production schedules and stoppages. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. We are exposed to, and may be adversely affected by, potential security breaches or other disruptions to our information technology systems and data security. Our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations, and our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our position in the engine markets we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost overruns and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. We recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large truck OEMs in North America, and our truck manufacturers and OEM customers may not continue to outsource their engine supply needs. The discovery of any significant problems with our recently introduced engine platforms in North America could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Our ability to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits from our recent distributor acquisitions will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully complete the integration of the acquired distributors with our other businesses.