Our ability to grow and compete is dependent on our ability to build or acquire necessary operational, technological and organizational infrastructure or adapt to technological advances involving such infrastructure, which can be a challenge due to the fast pace of digital transformation and advances. We are embedding technology, data, and software development deeply into our business model and how we work. We are heavily dependent on the strength and capability of our technology systems which we use to manage our internal financial and other systems, interface with our customers and develop and implement effective marketing campaigns. Our ability to provide products and services, many of which are web-based, depends upon the management and safeguarding of information, software, methodologies and business secrets. We continue to invest in digital technology designed to attract new customers, facilitate the ability of existing customers to conduct financial transactions and enhance the customer experience related to our products and services. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which are necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate acquisitions and establish scalable operations, may increase our expenses. Our businesses are dependent on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of complex transactions. If any of our financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. We also rely on the business infrastructure and systems of third parties with which we do business and to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of operational and technological functionality. System breakdowns or failures, adverse changes to financial condition, bankruptcy or other adverse conditions affecting the businesses of such third parties, including our vendors and other service providers, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. Our ability to develop and deliver new products that meet the needs of our existing customers and attract new ones and to run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations depends on the functionality and reliability of our operational and technology systems. We may also be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which may include, for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages, cyber-attacks, including distributed denial of service attacks, natural disasters, other damage to property or physical assets or events arising from local or larger scale politics, including terrorist acts. Our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk. We have devoted significant resources to developing our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the future. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. In response, we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance risk program to fully address these expectations. Our compliance management program establishes expectations for determining compliance requirements, assessing the risk of new product offerings, creating appropriate controls and training to address requirements, monitoring for control performance, and independently testing for adherence to compliance requirements. The program also establishes regular compliance reporting to senior business leaders, the executive committee and the board of directors. The chief compliance officer is responsible for establishing and overseeing our compliance risk management program.