Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to certain considerations, including cash available for distribution, results of operations, anticipated future results, financial condition, and operating expenses. We expect to continue to pay quarterly distributions; however, funds generated by operations may not be sufficient to cover desired levels of distributions. We may need additional capital in the future, which may not be available on acceptable terms. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to market conditions, operating performance, and investor sentiment. We are regularly evaluated by major rating agencies based on financial strength and conditions affecting the oil and gas industry. Our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of third parties with whom we do business. The operation of our business requires us to engage in transactions with numerous counterparties, which may default on their obligations, adversely affecting our business or results of operations. Our production will decline unless we successfully add to our existing proved reserves, which requires successful exploration and development activities. We continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations, which may impact or limit our current business plans. Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations that continue to increase in both number and complexity, affecting our operations with respect to emissions, handling of hazardous materials, and exploration activities. The energy landscape has changed dramatically, with increased supply causing commodity prices to decline substantially. Our strategy is to sustainably lower our cost structure and maintain a strong balance sheet and a diverse low cost-of-supply portfolio that can provide the financial flexibility to withstand challenging business cycles. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans, evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices. We continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across all operations, enabling us to economically convert additional resources to reserves and achieve greater operating efficiencies. Our sustainability efforts focus on updating action plans for climate change and enhancing operational performance. We strive to attract, train, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy. Our capital expenditures support key exploration and development activities, including major projects and resource-rich assets. We have reduced our capital budget in response to ongoing weak commodity prices, reallocating funds to development drilling programs and major projects. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk, and we conduct many operations through joint ventures where we may share control with partners. We maintain insurance against many potential losses, but our coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover us against all risks. Our technologies, systems, and networks may be subject to cybersecurity breaches, and if our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove insufficient, we could be adversely affected by disruptions to our business operations. We are committed to building a learning organization and systematically managing risk to drive sustainable business growth.