Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. Certain of our businesses continue to make substantial investments in information systems, and third-party service providers are also responsible for managing a significant portion of our information systems. To the extent our information systems are not successfully implemented or fail, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our business and results of operations may also be adversely affected if a third-party service provider does not perform satisfactorily, or if the information systems are interrupted or damaged by unforeseen events, including due to the actions of third parties. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber attacks. A failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, increase our costs and/or cause losses. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. We have outsourced to IBM Global Services a significant portion of our corporate and ABDC information technology activities. The remaining commitment under our arrangement, as amended in June 2015, which expires in June 2018, is approximately $77.6 million as of September 30, 2015, of which $38.9 million represents our commitment in fiscal 2016. Our use of technology initiatives includes costs related to the further development of our primary enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and expansion of support facilities. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2015 included technology initiatives, including costs related to the further development of our primary ERP system. We currently expect to spend approximately $400 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2016, with several of the larger 2016 capital expenditures including information system investments to support a data center consolidation and a new operating system for one of our business units. Our operations and performance depend on economic conditions in the United States and other countries where we do business. Deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers and, therefore, reduce purchases by our customers, which would negatively affect our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our profitability.