We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues. The integration of our respective operations, including information technology and financial and administrative functions, may not proceed as anticipated and could result in unanticipated costs or expenses such as capital expenditures that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. We are transitioning various functionality of our third-party enterprise operating system to an internally developed proprietary system, and we may experience difficulties operating our business as we work to develop and design this system. The transition of our enterprise operating system carries certain risks, including the risk of significant design or deployment errors causing disruptions, delays or deficiencies, which may make our website and services unavailable. This type of interruption could prevent us from processing vehicles for our sellers and may prevent us from selling vehicles through our internet bidding platform, which would adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. We may also implement additional or enhanced information systems in the future to accommodate our growth and to provide additional capabilities and functionality. The implementation of new systems and enhancements is frequently disruptive to the underlying business of an enterprise and can be time-consuming and expensive, increase management responsibilities and divert management attention. Any disruptions relating to our system enhancements or any problems with the implementation, particularly any disruptions impacting our operations or our ability to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis during the implementation period, could materially and adversely affect our business. Our success depends on maintaining the integrity of our systems and infrastructure. As our operations continue to grow in both size and scope, domestically and internationally, we must continue to provide reliable, real-time access to our systems by our customers through improving and upgrading our systems and infrastructure for enhanced products, services, features and functionality. Any failure to maintain the integrity of our systems and infrastructure may result in loss of customers due to among other things, slow delivery times, unreliable service levels or insufficient capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position and results of operations. We have further enhanced our security protocols based on the investigation we conducted in response to the recently discovered data breach. Nevertheless, we cannot provide assurances that our efforts to address prior data security incidents and mitigate against the risk of future data security incidents or system failures will be successful. We are constantly evaluating and implementing new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system and network disruptions. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks. Our customers and other parties in the payments value chain rely on our digital technologies, computer and e-mail systems, software and networks to conduct their operations. Cyber-attacks or other cybersecurity incidents could materially and adversely affect our reputation, operating results, or financial condition by, among other things, making our auction platform inoperable for a period of time, damaging our reputation with buyers, sellers, and insurance companies as a result of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, or resulting in governmental investigations, litigation, liability, fines, or penalties against us. We have in the past identified attempts by unauthorized third parties to access our systems and disrupt our online auctions. These attempts have caused minor service interruptions, which were promptly addressed and resolved, and our online service was restored to normal business.