The company relies on the security, stability, and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. The performance and reliability of the company's technology systems are critical to its ability to operate and compete safely and effectively. A cybersecurity attack, which is a deliberate theft of data or impairment of information technology systems, or other significant disruption or failure, could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential information, process failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties. Such an event could result in increased capital, insurance, or operating costs, including increased security costs to protect the company's infrastructure. A disruption or compromise of the company's information technology systems, even for short periods of time, could have a material adverse effect on the company. The company is focused on using advanced network modeling analytics and tools to create a disciplined, scheduled approach to designing and running its network. The service excellence initiative increases employee communication and dialogue to help identify and resolve customer issues at the lowest level, improving the customer experience and allowing the company to grow the business. The company continues to identify the most efficient, cost-effective routes for its customers' traffic while providing timely service with the fewest handlings and car miles possible. Total service integration is intended to align operating capabilities with customers' needs resulting in an efficient and effective service product. New tools and technology have allowed the company to more effectively communicate with customers, not only providing the service promised but proactively notifying the customer of service status. Enterprise asset management focuses on improving the utilization of the company's most critical assets, namely, crews, locomotives, cars, and track infrastructure. Projects are currently in place to deploy technology, improve processes, and reduce unproductive time. By improving asset utilization, the company expects to sustain long-term operating efficiencies and reduce future capital expenditures associated with asset replacement. The company believes that continued capital investment in its assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment, and detection technology, supports safety performance and operational success. The company strives for continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation, and investment. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect its ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company's strategic management practices include a focus on technology deployment and operational flexibility to enhance performance and maintain competitive advantage. The company anticipates that its investments in technology will support long-term growth, productivity initiatives, and service improvements. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and positioning itself for long-term growth through expanding network and terminal capacity. As part of this commitment, the company plans to continue investing in technology resources to enhance operational efficiency and customer value.