Many aspects of our operations are dependent on our information systems and the information collected, processed, stored, and handled by these systems. We rely heavily on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, extracare customer loyalty program, finance, human resource and other processes. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches including credit card information breaches, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. Although we deploy a layered approach to address information security threats and vulnerabilities, a compromise of our information security controls could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and clients, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations. Moreover, a data security breach could require that we expend significant resources related to our information systems and infrastructure, and could distract management and other key personnel from performing their primary operational duties. If our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, or if we are unable to successfully complete our planned consolidation of our PBM claims adjudication platforms, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience reputational damage, loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. Compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in considerable expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. The competitive success of our retail pharmacy business is impacted by its ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with PBMs and other payors on acceptable terms. We continually face challenges in competing for new PBM business and retaining or renewing our existing PBM business. The competitive success of our pharmacy services business is impacted by its ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with network pharmacies in an environment where some PBM clients are considering adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. Our business is affected by the economy in general, including changes in consumer purchasing power, preferences and/or spending patterns. It is possible that a worsening of the economic environment will cause a decline in drug utilization, and dampen demand for pharmacy benefit management services as well as consumer demand for products sold in our retail stores. Our current debt service costs associated with our increased debt levels may dampen incremental investments in our business and limit our flexibility to respond to industry changes and market conditions. If we fail to keep pace with dynamic customer expectations and new technology developments, our ability to compete and maintain customer loyalty could be adversely affected. The health of the economy in general and in the markets we serve could significantly affect health care financing and reimbursement practices. The profitability of our business is dependent upon the utilization of prescription drug products, which are affected by the introduction of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals as well as lower-priced generic alternatives to existing brand name products. The failure or disruption of our information technology systems, our information security systems and our infrastructure to support our business and to protect the privacy and security of sensitive customer and business information could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations.