Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations are subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, and terrorist acts. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability for which the company is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. The company's operations, particularly exploration and production, can be affected by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. Actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company's businesses or to impose additional taxes or royalties. In certain locations, governments have proposed or imposed restrictions on the company's operations, export and exchange controls, burdensome taxes, and public disclosure requirements that might harm the company's competitiveness or relations with other governments or third parties. Changes in national or state environmental regulations could adversely affect the company's current or anticipated future operations and profitability. Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could increase Chevron's operational costs and reduce demand for its products. Continued attention to issues concerning greenhouse gas emissions and climate change and potential mitigation through legislation and regulation could have a material impact on the company's operations and financial results. The actual level of expenditure required to comply with new or potential greenhouse gas emissions laws and regulations is difficult to predict with certainty and is expected to vary depending on the actual laws and regulations enacted in a jurisdiction. The ultimate effect of international agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions on the company's financial performance will depend on a number of factors including the sectors covered, the greenhouse gas emissions reductions required, and the company's ability to recover the costs incurred through the pricing of its products. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans, estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves, accruals for estimated liabilities, and impairments to property, plant, and equipment. Changes in estimates or assumptions could affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, or expenses.