The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect their performance. Additionally, the companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for services. The companies' infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval before construction can commence, and they may not complete facility construction or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated. The advancement of the companies' ventures is also affected by the interventions, litigation, or other activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, which could impede the acquisition of rights-of-way and other land rights on a timely basis or on acceptable terms. The companies compete for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have competitive advantages. The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results, and are often beyond their control. The companies' results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather, which can affect demand for their services. The companies' operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from various governmental agencies. The companies' businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the companies is found not to be in compliance. The companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents; however, other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. The companies' businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control the companies' electric generation, electric or gas transmission, or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the companies' ability to correctly record, process, and report financial information. The companies' operations are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, and they may face litigation regarding alleged violations that could incur settlement expenses and other costs. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for electricity and gas and related services, including technological advances required by federal laws mandating new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices. The companies' strategy is to continue focusing on their regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses, with the goal of providing earnings growth and maintaining a stable credit profile.