John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from dealers or other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of John Deere’s financial services operations. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere’s business operations and strategy. Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere’s information technology infrastructure could interfere with John Deere’s operations and could compromise John Deere’s and its customers’ and suppliers’ information, exposing John Deere to liability that would cause John Deere’s business and reputation to suffer. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, John Deere’s information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts or natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise John Deere’s networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage John Deere’s reputation, which could adversely affect John Deere’s business. As security threats continue to evolve, John Deere may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of its systems. John Deere’s operations and results could also be impacted by financial regulatory reform that could have an adverse effect on the financial services segment and on John Deere’s customers by limiting their ability to enter into hedging transactions or to finance purchases of John Deere products. John Deere’s business results depend largely on its ability to understand its customers’ specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture and market products that meet customer demand. John Deere’s ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers’ anticipated preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality, at affordable prices, is critical to its success. This requires a thorough understanding of John Deere’s existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in potentially high-growth and emerging markets. John Deere’s equipment operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction standards, including final tier 4/stage iv non-road diesel emission requirements in the U.S. and European Union. John Deere has incurred and continues to incur substantial research and development costs and is introducing many new equipment models, largely due to the implementation of these more rigorous standards. John Deere’s current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems, as well as its fleet management telematics solutions for construction equipment, depend upon the use of RF signals. These signals include, but are not limited to, GPS signals, other GPS-like satellite signals, augmented GPS services and other RF equipment which link equipment, operations, owners, dealers and technicians. Any international or national reallocation of frequency bands, including frequency bands segmentation and band spectrum sharing, or other modifications concerning the regulation of frequency bands, could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of John Deere’s GPS-based products.