Our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits, and reporting requirements. Management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. We use a variety of models to manage and inform decision-making with respect to customers, and for the measurement of risk including credit, market, and operational risks and for our finance and treasury functions. Our technologies, systems, networks, and software, and those of other financial institutions, have been and are likely to continue to be the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, malicious code, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, phishing and social engineering, other remote access attacks, and physical attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data. Our direct banking and network operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about us, our customers, and third parties with which we do business. The increasing focus by merchants on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks could lead to reduced transactions on, or merchant acceptance of, Discover network or Pulse network cards or reduced fees, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, both from traditional players and new, emerging alternative payment providers. Our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. The implementation of technology changes and upgrades to maintain current and integrated systems may result in compliance issues and may, at least temporarily, cause disruptions to our business, including, but not limited to, systems interruptions, transaction processing errors, and system conversion delays. We depend on third-party service providers for many aspects of the operation of our business. If a service provider fails to provide the services that we require or expect, or fails to meet contractual requirements, such as service levels or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business by adversely affecting our ability to process customers' transactions in a timely and accurate manner, otherwise hampering our ability to serve our customers, or subjecting us to litigation and regulatory risk for poor vendor oversight. We may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers, or other industry participants. The additional expense, time, and resources needed to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses, and establish scalable operations, increase our expenses. We expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, e-wallet participation, customer service improvements, credit risk management, and operations enhancements. The success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the risks of our student loan portfolio and the student lending environment. If we fail to do so, we may be unable to sustain and grow our student loan portfolio. Our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes, competitors' actions, and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques, and models.