We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. These information technology systems are dependent upon global communications providers, web browsers, telephone systems and other aspects of the internet infrastructure that have experienced security breaches, cyber-attacks, significant systems failures and service outages in the past. A material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls could include the theft or release of customer, employee or company data. A data security breach, a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or a breach of any of our data security controls could disrupt our business operations, damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, adversely impact our sales and revenue and require us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. We routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of the security of our information technology systems, and we regularly enhance our security measures to protect our systems and data. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Consequently, we cannot provide assurances that a security breach, cyber-attack, data theft or other significant systems or security failures will not occur in the future, and such occurrences could have a material and adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. Our operating strategy is focused on leveraging our financial and competitive position to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows. This strategy includes maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position and controlling our level of debt. We allocate and actively manage our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk and optimize returns. We also modify product offerings, sales pace, home prices and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand, align with finished lot supply and construction activity and optimize returns on inventory investments and cash flows. We believe that our existing cash resources, our revolving credit facility and our mortgage repurchase facility provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund future growth in our business, repay our longer-term debt obligations, and support our other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. Our financial services operations are subject to a significant number of federal, state and local laws and regulations, any of which may limit our ability to provide mortgage financing or title services to potential purchasers of our homes. The mortgage lending industry has experienced significant change and contraction over the past decade. Credit requirements have tightened and investor demand for mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities has been predominantly limited to securities backed by government-sponsored enterprises. We believe that the liquidity provided by these institutions to the mortgage industry is important to the housing market. Our ability to meet our debt service and other obligations and the financial covenants under our revolving credit and mortgage repurchase facilities will depend, in part, upon our future financial performance. Our future results are subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report.