In addition, higher information technology costs at domestic parks and resorts were offset by lower marketing costs and the impact from foreign currency translation due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against major currencies. The increase in operating labor was due to inflation, higher employee benefit costs, and increased labor hours driven by higher volumes and new guest offerings, such as the 60th anniversary celebration at Disneyland Resort. Higher cost of sales was due to volume growth and inflation. Infrastructure cost increases were driven by higher information technology expense and operations support costs, partially offset by costs incurred in the prior year in connection with the launch of MyMagic+. The media entertainment and internet businesses in which we participate increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption and exploitation of new technologies. New technologies affect the demand for our products, the manner in which our products are distributed to consumers, the sources and nature of competing content offerings, and the options available to advertisers for reaching their desired audiences. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create and distribute filmed entertainment, broadcast and cable programming, online material, electronic games, theme park attractions, hotels, and other resort facilities that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. Changes in technology and in consumer consumption patterns may affect demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products, or the cost of producing or distributing products. The company develops and maintains systems in an effort to prevent intrusion, tampering, and theft, but the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change. The unauthorized use of intellectual property rights may increase the cost of protecting these rights or reduce our revenues. The company is subject to the risk of challenges to our copyright, trademark, and patent rights by third parties. Successful challenges to our rights in intellectual property may result in increased costs for obtaining rights or the loss of the opportunity to earn revenue from the intellectual property that is the subject of challenged rights. The company maintains information necessary to conduct its business, including confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information regarding customers and employees, in digital form. Data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of intrusion, tampering, and theft. The company must often invest substantial amounts in film production, broadcast and cable programming, electronic games, theme park attractions, cruise ships, or hotels and other resort facilities before we learn the extent to which these products will earn consumer acceptance. The company’s businesses create entertainment, travel, and consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The company may be required to alter its business models in response to technological developments and changes in market structure, including consolidation of suppliers of resources and distribution channels. The company’s ability to generate revenue and its expenses in non-U.S. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if U.S. law governed these operations. The company’s operations outside the United States may be adversely affected by the operation of laws in those jurisdictions.