Our business depends upon the demand for technology-related real estate. A decrease in the demand for data center space, internet gateway facilities, or other technology-related real estate would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified tenant base or less specialized use. Our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions, as well as adverse developments in the corporate data center, internet and data communications, and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Changes in industry practice or in technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient or miniaturization of computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today's devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. The development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards, or other factors could render many of our tenants' current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent, or file for bankruptcy. Our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market's perception of our business prospects and growth potential, our current and expected future earnings, funds from operations, our cash flow and cash distributions, and the market price per share of our common stock. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain equity or debt financing at all or on terms favorable or acceptable to us. Our access to funds under our global revolving credit facility depends on the ability of the lenders that are parties to such facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. If our lenders are not able to meet their funding commitments to us, our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our portfolio consists primarily of technology-related real estate and data center real estate in particular. We focus solely on technology-related real estate because we believe that the growth in corporate data center adoption and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to be superior to that of the overall economy. Our successful development of these projects is subject to many risks, including delays in construction, budget overruns, changes to the plans or specifications, and failure of contractors to perform on a timely basis or at all. We may be unable to lease vacant or development space, renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. We expect to incur significant tenant improvement costs to build out and develop these types of spaces. Our data center infrastructure may become obsolete due to the development of new systems to deliver power to or eliminate heat in our facilities. We may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.