Duke Energy's information technology systems, transmission and distribution, and generation facilities such as nuclear plants could be potential targets of terrorist activities or harmful activities by individuals or groups. The potential for terrorism has subjected Duke Energy's operations to increased risks and could have a material adverse effect on their businesses. In particular, Duke Energy may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for their information technology systems, transmission and distribution, and generation facilities, including nuclear power plants under the NRC's design basis threat requirements. Cyberattacks and data security breaches could adversely affect the Duke Energy registrants' businesses. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years as a result of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. The utility industry requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. Because of the critical nature of the infrastructure, increased connectivity to the internet and technology systems' inherent vulnerability to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, or other types of data security breaches, the Duke Energy registrants face a heightened risk of cyberattack. In the event of such an attack, the registrants could experience business operations disruption, property damage, customer information theft, and other private information access, substantial loss of revenues, repair and restoration costs, implementation costs for additional security measures to avert future cyberattacks, and other financial loss. Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could unfavorably impact the Duke Energy registrants' results of operations. Certain events, such as an aging workforce, mismatch of skill set or complement to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base, and the lengthy time required for skill development. If the Duke Energy registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their financial position or results of operations could be negatively affected. Duke Energy's investments and projects located outside of the U.S. expose it to risks related to the laws, taxes, economic and political conditions, and policies of foreign governments. These risks may delay or reduce Duke Energy's realization of value from its international projects. The economic, regulatory, market, and political conditions in some of the countries where Duke Energy has interests may impact its ability to obtain financing on suitable terms. Operational risks may negatively affect the Duke Energy registrants' results of operations, including overall market, economic, and other conditions that are beyond their control. Sustained downturns or sluggishness in the economy generally affect the markets in which the Duke Energy registrants operate and negatively influence electricity operations. Declines in demand for electricity as a result of economic downturns in the registrants' regulated electric service territories will reduce overall sales and lessen cash flows. The Duke Energy registrants' businesses are subject to extensive federal regulation that will affect their operations and costs. Changes in regulation can cause delays in or affect business planning and transactions and can substantially increase the registrants' costs. The Duke Energy registrants' regulated electric revenues, earnings, and results are dependent on state legislation and regulation that affect electric generation, transmission, distribution, and related activities, which may limit their ability to recover costs.