The health care reform law and regulations are likely to have significant effects on our future operations, which, in turn, could impact the value of our business model and results of operations, including potential impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets. We have dedicated material resources and incurred material expenses to implement and comply with health care reform at both the state and federal levels, and we expect to dedicate material resources and incur material expenses going forward to implement and comply with future regulations that provide guidance and clarification on significant portions of the legislation. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards including public exchanges and other aspects of health care reform, compliance with legal requirements, private insurance exchanges and changing customer preferences. Failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business. We are addressing the impact of a cyber attack and supporting federal law enforcement efforts to identify the responsible parties. The attackers gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. We have incurred expenses to investigate and remediate this matter and expect to continue to incur expenses of this nature in the foreseeable future. Our ability to contract with providers on cost-effective and competitive terms is critical, and we are subject to various laws and provisions that may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations. We face intense competition to attract and retain employees, and managing key executive succession and retention is critical to our success. We are dependent on retaining existing employees, attracting additional qualified employees to meet current and future needs and achieving productivity gains from our investment in technology. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We also believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. The existence of multiple public insurance exchange options has led to increased uncertainties and made our planning for the public exchanges more difficult as we are required to comply with the varying rules of multiple exchanges. We are subject to significant government regulation, and changes in the regulation of our business by state and federal regulators may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. We have built a significant portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances and we expect to pursue such opportunities in the future. The success of the Cigna acquisition, if completed, will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated business opportunities and growth prospects from combining our businesses with those of Cigna. The integration process could result in a disruption of each company's ongoing businesses, tax costs or inefficiencies, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, information technology systems, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, employees or other third parties or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Cigna acquisition and could harm our financial performance.