The company utilizes a variety of information technology systems to manage and operate its businesses. Despite the implementation of extensive security measures, the company's information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, cyberattacks, and other events. Should the company be unable to prevent security breaches, disruptions could have an adverse effect on operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, increased cybersecurity protection costs, and reputational damage. A significant element of the company's competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. The success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by customers, and the businesses are affected by varying degrees of technological change and corresponding shifts in customer demand. This results in unpredictable product transitions, shortened life cycles, and increased importance of being first to market with new products and services. The operating results depend in part on continued successful research, development, and marketing of new and/or improved products and services. The company may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production, and/or marketing of new products and services, which may negatively impact operating results and prevent recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to continue to bring new products and services to market. The company's intellectual property rights are important to its business and include numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other confidential information. This intellectual property may be subject to challenge, infringement, invalidation, or circumvention by third parties. The company's ability to invest in its businesses, make strategic acquisitions, and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. Volatility in the capital markets may increase costs associated with issuing commercial paper or other debt instruments, or affect the company's ability to access those markets. If the company is unable to continue to access the capital markets, it could experience a material adverse effect on its business and financial results. The company engages in acquisitions and may encounter difficulties in integrating these businesses, which could affect the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. The success of these transactions will depend on the ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to cooperate with strategic partners. The company may not realize the degree or timing of benefits anticipated when entering into a transaction. The company's operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the United States and are subject to increased risks of disrupted production causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. Emerging market sales now represent over one-third of total sales, and serving a global customer base requires placing more materials sourcing and production in emerging markets to capitalize on market opportunities and maintain a best-cost position. The company's substantial sales abroad subject it to economic risk as results of operations may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations and changes in local government regulations and policies. The company's operations have been exposed to significant volatility due to changes in general economic conditions, recessions, or adverse conditions in the end markets served, which could adversely impact overall sales, operating results, and cash flows.