Our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty, including the need for timely introduction of new products to avoid obsolescence and competition. We devote significant financial and other resources to our research and development activities; however, the research and development process is prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty. We contract with third parties for important services related to infrastructure and information technology. We may experience supply interruptions that could harm our ability to manufacture products, as we rely on a broad range of raw and organic materials and other items in the design and manufacture of our products. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex and subject to strict quality controls, and problems can arise during the implementation of new equipment and systems. Our competitive position can be adversely affected by product problems, reflecting the importance of quality in the medical device industry. We face intense competition, and our ability to compete will depend on our ability to develop and acquire new products and technologies, anticipate technology advances, and keep pace with other developers of cardiovascular therapies and technologies. Our sales, technical, and other key personnel play an integral role in the development, marketing, and selling of new and existing products. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we invest significantly in research and development to strengthen our leadership and enable future growth opportunities. The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve, and our success is measured both by the development of innovative therapies and the value they bring to our stakeholders. Our ability to compete may be adversely affected if we are unable to recruit, hire, develop, and retain a talented, competitive workforce. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical and economic evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. Our operations are subject to rigorous governmental regulations, and we may incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations and develop products that are compatible with these regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to market a medical device can be costly and time-consuming, and delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, clearances or approvals could result in delayed realization of product revenues or substantial additional costs. Our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our proprietary intellectual property, which is protected through a combination of patents and trade secrets. Our intellectual property, other proprietary technology, and other sensitive company information are dependent on sophisticated information technology systems and are potentially vulnerable to cyber-attacks, loss, damage, or destruction from system malfunction, computer viruses, or other events. We have invested to protect our intellectual property and other information and continue to work diligently to upgrade and enhance our systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology. Our competitive position can also be adversely affected by changes in market demand, governmental regulation, and third-party reimbursement policies, which may impact our ability to profitably sell our products.