We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services, and evolving industry standards. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients, and their customers. Security breaches, computer malware, or other cyber attacks could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. Our clients have historically developed their key applications in-house, and we often compete against our existing or potential clients' in-house capabilities. The success of our electronic commerce businesses relies in part on financial institutions, billers, and other third parties to market our services to their customers. We believe future growth in the electronic transactions market will be driven by a combination of factors including speed, cost, ease-of-use, security, and quality of products and services offered to consumers and businesses. We may not be successful in developing, marketing, or selling new products and services that meet these changing demands. Our ability to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace is crucial. The financial institutions marketplace has experienced change in composition, and consolidations in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our revenue by eliminating existing or potential clients and making us more dependent on fewer clients. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. We continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to help accomplish our mission of providing integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients. Our enterprise priorities include building and enhancing client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions and delivering innovation and integration which enables differentiated value for our clients. Our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. Our ability to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients will significantly affect our future success. We may face challenges meeting local political, regulatory, business, and economic conditions as we grow internationally, particularly in emerging market economies. Our operations are comprised of the payments and industry products segment and the financial institution services segment, which provide necessary services for our clients to operate their businesses. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth.