We are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to our ability to innovate or adapt our services to changes in technology or in the marketplace. Our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current services and develop and introduce new services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. The markets for our services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new services, and evolving industry standards. As more of our revenue shifts to SaaS, cloud, BPaaS, and services, the need to keep pace with rapid technology changes becomes more acute. Our clients may curtail or discontinue trading operations, delay or cancel information technology projects, or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer, and some have substantial resources. Many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house and therefore view their system requirements from a make-versus-buy perspective. We face direct competition from third parties, and the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new competitors and new technologies. If we fail to close sales or if a client chooses not to complete an installation after expending significant time and resources to do so, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our business and operating results could be adversely affected if we experience business interruptions, errors, or failure in connection with our or third-party information technology and communication systems. Many of our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new technology solutions and services. Our systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from various factors, including unauthorized entry and computer viruses. If we fail to maintain an adequate security infrastructure, adapt to emerging security threats, or implement sufficient security standards and technology to protect against security breaches, the confidentiality of the information we secure could be compromised. We electronically receive, process, store, and transmit sensitive business information of our clients, and the uninterrupted operation of our information systems is critical to our successful operation. If we fail to comply with information security laws, regulations, or industry security requirements, we could be exposed to suits for breach of contract, governmental proceedings, and the imposition of fines. Our ability to maintain compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations relies upon the ability to maintain skilled compliance, security, risk, and audit professionals. Our future growth will require sales and marketing, financial and administrative personnel to develop and support new solutions and services. We are focused on enabling our clients to deliver integrated banking experiences through our solutions and services. We continue to see demand for innovative solutions in the payments market that will deliver faster, more convenient payment solutions in mobile channels, internet applications, and cards. The trend to migrate to EMV cards will continue, and we continue to invest to address market demand. Our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well positioned to address the outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. The successful integration of our operations and personnel will involve complex operational, technological, and personnel-related challenges, and the realization of anticipated benefits will depend on our ability to successfully integrate the businesses and operations.