Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology and on the economic health of our current and prospective customers. Weak global economic conditions, weak economic conditions in certain geographies, or a reduction in information technology spending regardless of macro-economic conditions, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations in a number of ways, including longer sales cycles, lower prices for our products and services, and reduced unit sales. We rely heavily on information technology and accounting systems to help manage critical functions such as order processing, revenue recognition, financial forecasts, inventory and supply chain management, and trade compliance reviews. Certain of these systems were developed by us for our internal use and as such may have a higher risk of failure or not receive the same level of support as systems purchased from and supported by external technology companies. We have been slow to adopt and implement certain automated functions, which could have a negative impact on our business. Our channel partners may increase orders during periods of product shortages, cancel orders or not place orders commensurate with our expectations if their inventory is too high, return products, or take advantage of price protection. Managing our inventory is complex, and our inventory management systems and related supply chain visibility tools may be inadequate to enable us to effectively manage inventory. Our business has grown over the last several years, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth, or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our operating results will be negatively affected. We must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial, operating, and administrative systems and controls, and continue to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We purchased a new enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system and are currently implementing the new system. ERP implementations are complex and time-consuming, and involve substantial expenditures on system software and implementation activities. The ERP system will be critical to our ability to provide important information to our management, obtain and deliver products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, and provide accurate, timely, and reliable reports on our financial and operating results. The implementation and maintenance of the new ERP system has required, and will continue to require, the investment of significant financial and human resources, and the implementation may be subject to delays and cost overruns. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers and foundries limits our control over environmental regulatory requirements and exposes us to the risk that certain minerals and metals, known as "conflict minerals," that are contained in our products have originated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or an adjoining country. We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations, including laws governing the hazardous material content of our products and laws relating to the recycling of electrical and electronic equipment. Our failure to comply with these and future environmental rules and regulations could result in reduced sales of our products, increased costs, substantial product inventory write-offs, reputational damage, penalties, and other sanctions. Our products must successfully interoperate with products from other vendors, and the occurrence of hardware and software errors could delay or reduce market acceptance of our products, adversely affecting our business and financial performance. We rely on the availability of third-party licenses, and the inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights could result in delays in product releases until equivalent technology can be identified, licensed, or developed.