Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system-integration processes. Our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. We have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties. When evaluating potential acquisitions and joint ventures, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies, and other assets and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber security events and other disruptions. We face various cyber security threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, denial-of-service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and threats from terrorist acts. We also design and manage information technology systems and products that contain information technology systems for various customers. We generally face the same security threats for these systems as for our own. In addition, we face cyber threats from entities that may seek to target us through our customers, vendors and subcontractors. Accordingly, we maintain information security policies and procedures for managing all systems and conduct employee training on cyber security. We have experienced cyber security threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our sensitive information, including viruses and attacks by hackers. Such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, future threats could cause harm to our business and our reputation and challenge our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for government customers, as well as impact our results of operations materially. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cyber security attacks or disruptions resulting from such events. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution. We continue to pursue international opportunities presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations and through exports from our North American businesses. While the revenue potential can be significant, these opportunities are subject to changing budget priorities and overall spending pressures unique to each country. The information systems and technology group's revenue in 2015 was slightly lower than 2014. The decrease from the prior year consisted of the following: information technology (IT) services and C4ISR solutions. IT services revenue decreased in 2015 due to lower volume on several programs, including our commercial wireless work. Despite the revenue decline, the group's operating margin increased due to solid operating performance and ongoing cost-reduction efforts across our businesses. We expect 2016 revenue in the information systems and technology group to be consistent with 2015, with operating margins expected to approach double digits.