Our ability to maintain profitability over the long-term is dependent upon our ability to fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Successful launches of our new vehicles are critical to our short-term profitability. In addition, our growth strategies require us to make significant investment in our brands to appeal to new markets. Our long-term profitability depends upon our successfully creating and funding technological innovations in design, engineering and manufacturing, which requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit talent. We will seek to obtain intellectual property protection for our innovations to protect our competitive position, but it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. Our profitability is dependent upon the success of full-size pick-up trucks and SUVs. Our business is highly dependent upon the global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. Our business and financial results are highly sensitive to sales volume, changes to which can have a disproportionately large effect on our profitability. We cannot predict future economic and market conditions with certainty. Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic and market conditions. Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. Our businesses outside the U.S. expose us to additional risks, including political, economic and other risks as well as multiple foreign regulatory requirements that are subject to change. We are subject to extensive laws, governmental regulations and policies, including those regarding fuel economy and emissions control, the enforcement of which or changes to existing ones, could cause us to incur increased costs or to face regulatory enforcement action. Meeting or exceeding many of these regulations is costly and often technologically challenging. We expect that the number and extent of these regulations, and the related costs and changes to our product lineup, may increase significantly in the future. Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve margins on an EBIT-adjusted basis by early next decade, including leading in technology and innovation, which encompasses connected car technologies, alternative propulsion, and active safety features. We believe that the automotive industry will experience more change in the next five years than it has in the previous 50 years. If we do not accurately predict, prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations, market developments and changing customer needs, our sales, profitability and long-term competitiveness may be harmed. Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology networks and systems could interfere with the safety of our customers or our operations and could compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. We rely upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of vehicle or business processes and activities. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, our information technology networks and systems may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by hackers or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors and others who have access to our networks and systems. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, impacting vehicle safety and resulting in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information.