Our businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and subject to changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to deliver innovative products and technologies to the marketplace rapidly. As our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services, including products and services that may be outside of our historical core business. The research and development of new, technologically advanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate anticipation of technology, market trends, and consumer needs. We must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our search technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our ongoing businesses. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of products and services across multiple platforms and devices. If we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, distributors, developers, and users to our products and services, or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, we will fail to capture the opportunities available as consumers and advertisers transition to a dynamic, multi-screen environment. The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various factors, including natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, and cyber attacks. Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of users' and customers' proprietary information, and security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, and potential liability. We experience cyber attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis, and any breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services. We rely on third parties to manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products, and we have third-party arrangements for the design of some components and parts. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations. We are regularly subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, and other matters. The sale of hardware products also exposes us to the risk of product liability and other litigation involving assertions about product defects. Our strong brand has significantly contributed to the success of our business, and maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, innovative products and services that are truly useful. We expect that our capital expenditures will continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate, and information technology infrastructure.