Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and the firm and other financial institutions have been subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to report timely, accurate and complete information. As reporting requirements expand, compliance with these rules and regulations has become more challenging. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or the firm. Our operational systems and infrastructure, as well as those of third parties, are critical to our ability to conduct our businesses. A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, as well as human error, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. We face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions. Our technology infrastructure is fundamental to our business and our industry. The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technologies is changing our businesses and presenting us with new challenges. The increased use by our clients of low-cost electronic trading systems and direct electronic access to trading markets could cause a reduction in commissions and spreads. We have invested significant resources into the development of electronic trading systems and expect to continue to do so, but there is no assurance that the revenues generated by these systems will yield an adequate return on our investment, particularly given the generally lower commissions arising from electronic trades. We employ a variety of risk measures to monitor market risk. Our risk management technology is designed to provide the right information to the right people at the right time, which requires systems that are comprehensive, reliable and timely. We devote significant time and resources to our risk management technology to ensure that it consistently provides us with complete, accurate and timely information. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. We seek to manage our operational risk through training, supervision and development of our people, active participation of senior management in identifying and mitigating key operational risks across the firm, and independent control and support functions that monitor operational risk on a daily basis. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products and counterparties, and seek to maintain a long-dated and diversified funding profile, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. Our approach to asset-liability management includes actively managing and monitoring our asset base, with particular focus on the liquidity, holding period and our ability to fund assets on a secured basis.