The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures in order to effectively manage its information systems. Although Grainger's information systems are protected with robust backup and security systems, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities, information systems are still vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, computer viruses, telecommunication failures, and other problems. If critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable, Grainger's ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, and disburse funds could be adversely affected. Any such interruption of Grainger's information systems could also subject Grainger to additional costs. Breaches of information systems security could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, increase costs, and/or decrease revenues. Grainger collects and stores confidential information from customers through its sales and ecommerce channels, which may expose the company to risks related to data security. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, Grainger has experienced and expects to continue to experience attempts to breach the company's information systems. Grainger may be unable to protect sensitive data and/or the integrity of the company's information systems. Furthermore, compliance with evolving privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant additional expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of the business strategy, and any disruption could adversely impact the results of operations. Grainger's competitive strengths include product selection and availability, which rely on effective information management capabilities. The company has strategic relationships with key vendors, and the inability to maintain those relations might result in a loss of competitive pricing advantages. Grainger's operations are primarily in the United States and Canada, with a presence also in Europe, Asia, and Latin America. The company plans to continue to execute changes in the U.S. and Canada while making investments in its supply chain, ecommerce capabilities, information systems, sales force productivity tools, and inventory management services. These investments will support the company's revenue growth objectives, including growing its share of business with large, complex customers and leveraging its ecommerce capabilities to serve smaller customers. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of its reputation, which is influenced by its ability to manage information systems effectively. The company recognizes that changes in competition could result in decreased demand for its products and services, emphasizing the need for robust IT capabilities to adapt to market dynamics and maintain operational efficiency. Grainger's ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other capabilities is essential for transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company must attract, retain, and motivate key employees, including those in managerial, technical, and support positions, to enhance its IT capabilities and overall business performance.