We have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. Our ability to achieve high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction, and clinical quality are central goals of our business model. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, grow our revenues, and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy, and efficiency. We are currently pursuing next-generation performance improvement initiatives such as contracting for services on a multistate basis and expanding our support infrastructure for additional clinical and support functions, such as physician credentialing, medical transcription, and electronic medical recordkeeping. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We continue to invest in our Parallon subsidiary group to leverage key components of our support infrastructure, including revenue cycle management, health care group purchasing, supply chain management, and staffing functions and are offering many of these services to other hospital companies. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. The provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to uninsured amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage. The amount of the provision for doubtful accounts is based upon management's assessment of historical write-offs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage, and other collection indicators. We perform the hindsight analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-month accounts receivable collection and write-off data. We believe our quarterly updates to the estimated allowance for doubtful accounts at each of our hospital facilities provide reasonable valuations of our accounts receivable. Our facilities have entered into agreements with third-party payers, including government programs and managed care health plans, under which the facilities are paid based upon the cost of providing services, predetermined rates per diagnosis, fixed per diem rates, or discounts from gross charges. We recognize income related to Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology for the applicable period. We expect that income related to Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments will not exceed $10 million for 2016. The adjustments to estimated Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement amounts, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during previous years. The estimated total net reserves for professional liability risks at December 31, 2015 and 2014 are comprised of case reserves for known claims and reserves for incurred but not reported claims. We believe adequate reserves have been recorded for our professional liability claims; however, due to the complexity of the claims, the extended period of time to resolve the claims, and the wide range of potential outcomes, our ultimate liability for professional liability claims could change by more than the estimated sensitivity amounts and could change materially from our current estimates.