Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities, transitions to cost-competitive regions and product line rationalizations. We may not realize the full operational or financial benefits we expect, the recognition of these benefits may be delayed and these actions may potentially disrupt our operations. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. We may not be able to complete transactions on favorable terms, on a timely basis or at all. Our future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to identify emerging technological trends in our target end-markets, develop and maintain competitive products and defend our market share against an ever-expanding number of competitors including many new and non-traditional competitors, enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate our products from those of our competitors and prevent commoditization of our products, develop, manufacture and bring compelling new products to market quickly and cost-effectively, and attract, develop and retain individuals with the requisite technical expertise and understanding of customers’ needs to develop new technologies and introduce new products. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology (IT) systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers including cloud providers. Our customers, including the U.S. government, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond and mitigate these threats. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information and the disruption of business operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, fines levied by the Federal Trade Commission, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. Our balanced long-term focus on enhancing shareowner value resulted in segment margin expansion of 220 basis points versus 2014 without sacrificing seed planting intended to ensure future growth, including maintaining R&D spending at 5% of sales, new product introductions aligned with global macroeconomic trends in energy, safety and security and productivity, and increased investment in high growth regions. We continue to balance our cash and financing uses through investment in our existing core businesses, acquisition activity, share repurchases and dividends. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers’ inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. Our inability to fill our supply needs would jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under commercial and government contracts, which could, in turn, result in reduced sales and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships.