If overall demand for IBM's products and solutions decreases, whether due to general economic conditions or a shift in client buying patterns, the company's revenue and profit could be impacted. On an ongoing basis, IBM seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes and functions to remain competitive and to enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. IBM has been moving away from certain segments of the IT industry and into areas in which it can differentiate itself through innovation and by leveraging its investments in R&D. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments, and new delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for other products or services. As the company expands to capture emerging growth opportunities, it needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel, and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company's products, services, and systems may affect critical third-party operations or involve the storage, processing, and transmission of sensitive data, including valuable intellectual property, other proprietary or confidential data, regulated data, and personal information of employees, customers, and others. The risk of cybersecurity attacks includes attempted breaches not only of IBM's own products, services, and systems, but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, and other third parties. Successful breaches could result in unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third-party data or systems; theft of sensitive, regulated, or confidential data; and system disruptions or denial of service. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. The company's business could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company employs a number of strategies to manage risks related to currency and financing, including the use of derivative financial instruments. The company's financial performance could be impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions and by customer credit risk on receivables. The company's reliance on third-party distribution channels and ecosystems could impact its business, and the failure of third-party distributors, resellers, and ecosystem partners to comply with all applicable laws and regulations may prevent the company from working with them. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances, and dispositions, which present significant challenges and risks relating to the integration of the business into the company.