We are a leading global operator of regulated exchanges, clearing houses and listings venues, and a provider of data services for commodity and financial markets. Our business is currently conducted as a single reportable business segment and the majority of our identifiable assets are located in the U.S., U.K., continental Europe, Asia, Israel, and Canada. We operate regulated marketplaces for trading and clearing a broad array of derivatives and securities contracts across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, interest rates, equities, equity derivatives, credit derivatives, bonds, and currencies. Following our December 2015 acquisition of Interactive Data, our suite of data products includes an expanded range of fixed income pricing and reference data, analytics, and trading service offerings. The acquisition builds on our global market data growth strategy by expanding the markets served, adding technology platforms, and increasing new data and valuation services. The combined company will offer customers efficiencies in accessing data on an integrated platform while serving the growing demand for data, analysis, valuation, and connectivity globally. Our exchanges include futures exchanges in the U.S., U.K., continental Europe, Canada, and Singapore, and cash equities exchanges and equity options exchanges in the U.S. We operate OTC markets for physical energy and CDS. We operate central counterparty clearing houses serving the global derivatives markets in the U.S., U.K., continental Europe, Canada, and Singapore. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility, trading activity, or participation in any one asset class. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate uncertainties. Our results have been and will continue to be affected by many factors, including market volatility and the level of trading activity in our markets, which during any period is significantly influenced by general market conditions; legislative and regulatory changes; competition; demand for our data services; and our system reliability. Market participants' demand for speed, capacity, and reliability requires continuing investment in technology. We expect that all of these factors will continue to impact our businesses. Our data services fee revenues increased during the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily due to the addition of new users, increased usage by customers, expanded product offerings, fee increases, and the addition of SuperDerivatives and IBA for all of 2015, and Interactive Data and Trayport subsequent to their acquisitions in December 2015. We recognized $50 million in combined data services revenues for Interactive Data and Trayport during the month of December 2015, subsequent to their acquisition dates. Our technology infrastructure is designed to support our trading, clearing, listings, data services, and post-trade platforms, ensuring operational efficiency and effectiveness in meeting business needs. The implementation of new regulations may impact participation in our markets, and we anticipate that there will be overall growth in the financial information services sector driven by global trends, including increasing regulatory demands and greater emphasis on risk management.