This annual report contains forward-looking statements regarding our expectations and beliefs regarding future conduct and growth of the business, including our expectation that we will continue to invest significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We face intense competition that may harm our operating results, and our future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We must continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which require us to devote significant resources. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We are continually investing resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various events beyond our control. We rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors, and other service providers to take and fulfill customer orders, handle customer service requests, and host certain online activities. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our growth is dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and leverage new and existing relationships. We have also started to increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties for the distribution of certain of our product offerings. As we continue to transition our business to more connected services, we become more dependent on the continuing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers. Our continuing efforts to upgrade and expand our network security and other information systems as well as our high-availability capabilities may be costly, and problems with the design or implementation of system enhancements may harm our business and our results of operations. We are in the process of migrating our applications and infrastructure to new data centers and to third-party hosted environments. We have encountered difficulty in launching new products and services in the past. If we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new products and services may not succeed and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. We also face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. As we further transition our businesses to connected services, the volume of sensitive and personal information that we collect has been increasing and will continue to increase. We rely on various third-party partners in many areas of our business in order to deliver our offerings and operate our business. The failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high-quality products, services, and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits, cause us to lose customers, and damage our reputation.