The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. If the company is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage. The company's decentralized operating structure allows individual businesses significant decision-making autonomy within the company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The company cannot ensure that its internal controls will always protect against reckless or criminal acts committed by its employees, agents or business partners that might violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws, including anti-bribery, competition, export and import, and environmental laws. The company's enterprise strategy and associated initiatives include portfolio management, business structure simplification and strategic sourcing. The portfolio management initiative, which included divesting businesses no longer aligned with the company's long-term objectives, is essentially complete; however, product line and customer base simplification, which is a core element of the company's 80/20 management process, is being reapplied to the company's scaled-up operating divisions and remains an active element of this initiative. Although these activities are expected to improve future operating margins and organic revenue growth, they are also expected to have a negative impact on the company's overall organic revenue growth in the short term. The company continues to seek to benefit from its size and scale in the procurement process through its strategic sourcing initiatives, and the leveraging of purchasing power across businesses involves some execution risk. The company has shifted its focus to organic growth and has expressed its belief that organic growth will be 200 basis points above global GDP by the end of 2017. The timing and amount of benefits from the company's enterprise initiatives may not be as expected and the company's financial results could be adversely impacted. The company's ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development, production or commercialization of new products and services may reduce future revenues and adversely affect the company's competitive position. The company is subject to risks related to the management of its information technology systems, which are critical for operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation. If these information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown, and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage. The company has significant goodwill and other intangible assets, and future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse impact on financial results. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property is critical to its innovation efforts, as unauthorized use of the company's intellectual property rights or inability to preserve existing intellectual property rights could adversely impact the company's competitive position and results of operations. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.