JPMorgan Chase's businesses and operations are increasingly subject to heightened governmental and regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. The firm relies on the effectiveness and integrity of its processes, operating systems, and employees, and certain failures of such processes or systems or misconduct by such employees could materially and adversely affect the firm's operations. The firm's businesses are dependent on its ability to process, record, and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions and to do so on a faster and more frequent basis. The firm's front- and back-office trading systems similarly rely on their access to, and on the functionality of, the operating systems maintained by third parties such as clearing and payment systems, central counterparties, securities exchanges, and data processing and technology companies. If the firm's financial, accounting, trading, or other data processing systems, or the operating systems of third parties on which the firm's businesses are dependent, are unable to meet these increasingly demanding standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, the firm could be materially and adversely affected. Moreover, as the speed, frequency, volume, and complexity of transactions increase, the risk of human and/or systems error in connection with such transactions increases, and it becomes more challenging to maintain the firm's operational systems and infrastructure. The firm is similarly dependent on its employees, and it could be materially and adversely affected if one or more of its employees causes a significant operational breakdown or failure, either as a result of human error or where an individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates the firm's operations or systems. Additionally, when the firm changes processes or introduces new products and services or new connectivity solutions, the firm may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. Any of these occurrences could diminish the firm's ability to operate one or more of its businesses or result in potential liability to clients and customers, increased operating expenses, higher litigation costs, damage to reputation, impairment of liquidity, regulatory intervention, or weaker competitive standing, any of which could materially and adversely affect the firm. The firm's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to the firm, but there are inherent limitations to the firm's risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that the firm has not appropriately anticipated or identified. The firm relies on data to aggregate and assess its various risk exposures, and any deficiencies in the quality or effectiveness of the firm's data aggregation and validation procedures could result in ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. The firm's products expose it to credit risk, and the credit quality of the firm's exposures can have a significant impact on its earnings. The firm regularly monitors various segments of its exposures to assess potential concentration or contagion risks. The firm's efforts to diversify or hedge its exposures against concentration risks may not be successful. The financial services industry is highly competitive, and JPMorgan Chase's inability to compete successfully may adversely affect its results of operations. The firm expects that competition in the U.S. and global financial services industry will continue to be intense, requiring the firm to invest in technology and innovation to remain competitive.