Our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, serve an important role in the efficient and effective operation and administration of our business. If our information technology systems suffer interruptions, failures or breaches, our business operations could be disrupted and we could face financial and reputational damage. These systems could be damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, computer viruses or cyber-based attacks. While we have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. Increased cyber-security threats and computer crime also pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, including those of third party service providers with whom we have contracted, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data stored on those systems. Any breach in our information technology security systems could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, including sensitive customer, vendor, employee or investor information maintained in the ordinary course of our business. Any such event could cause damage to our reputation, loss of valuable information or loss of revenue and could result in large expenditures to investigate or remediate, to recover data, to repair or replace networks or information systems, or to protect against similar future events. The inability to effectively manage foreign market risk could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Our ability to manufacture, distribute and sell products is critical to our operations. These activities are subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, fires or explosions, labor strikes, terrorism, pandemics, import restrictions, regional economic, business, environmental or political events, governmental regulatory requirements or nongovernmental voluntary actions in response to global climate change or other concerns regarding the sustainability of our business, which could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. This interruption, if not mitigated in advance or otherwise effectively managed, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to address. Disruptions or delays at these third-party manufacturers or service providers due to the reasons above or the failure of these manufacturers or service providers to otherwise satisfactorily perform, could adversely impact our operations, sales, payments to our vendors, employees, and others, and our ability to report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. We may divest or acquire product lines or businesses, which could impact our results. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired product lines or businesses, estimation and assumption of liabilities and contingencies, personnel turnover and the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns. We may be unable to successfully integrate and manage product lines or businesses that we may acquire in the future, or be unable to achieve anticipated benefits or cost savings from acquisitions in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. Our strategy includes operations growth outside the U.S., especially in developing markets such as China, Latin America and Eastern Europe. Our results may be substantially affected by a number of foreign market risks, including increases in currency exchange restrictions, adverse political conditions, and intense competition for sales of our products, changes in consumer purchasing patterns and the inability to innovate or market our products effectively.