We rely on networks and information systems and other technology to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, mergers and acquisitions and research and development. Our information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, and our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions or security breaches. Such incidents could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information and may cause delays in reporting our financial results, potentially leading to lost revenue and profits. We continue to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyber insurance and training of company personnel to address risks to our information systems. The company maintains an information risk management program supervised by information technology management, which includes regular reports on emerging risks and strategies to address them. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the global market may be limited as a result of actions by competitors, and we must continue to strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain brand loyalty and market share. We face strong competition from numerous other general and specialty beverage companies, and our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing a wide variety of choices to meet their desires, needs and lifestyle choices. The Coca-Cola system has millions of customers around the world who sell or serve our products directly to consumers, and we focus on enhancing value for our customers and providing solutions to grow their beverage businesses. Our approach includes understanding each customer's business and needs, ensuring they have the right product and package offerings, and developing strategies for better execution at the point of sale. We work with our bottling partners to identify processes that enable us to quickly achieve scale and efficiencies, sharing best practices throughout the bottling system. Our company has a long history of providing world-class customer service and demonstrating leadership in the marketplace. We are committed to continuously improving our business, including efforts to develop innovative packaging and merchandising solutions that help drive demand for our beverages. Our productivity and reinvestment program aims to strengthen our brands and reinvest resources to drive long-term profitable growth, focusing on global supply chain optimization, marketing effectiveness, operational excellence, and data and information technology systems standardization. We expect to achieve total annualized productivity from these initiatives, which will enable us to fund marketing initiatives and innovation required to deliver sustainable net revenue growth. Our organizational structure includes various operating segments, and we engage in buying and selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations to improve performance. Our ability to adapt to rapidly changing environments and retail landscapes is crucial, as is maintaining good relationships with key retail and foodservice customers. We also recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform the firm into a competitive force.