Our business is increasingly dependent on information technology systems that are complex and vital to continuing operations. If we were to experience difficulties maintaining or operating existing systems or implementing new systems, we could incur significant losses due to disruptions in our operations. Although we have implemented procedures to protect our information, we cannot be certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our or our vendors' network security and, if successful, misappropriate confidential customer or business information. In addition, a Kroger associate, a contractor, or other third party with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent our security measures in order to obtain information or may inadvertently cause a breach involving information. Loss of customer or business information could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and expose us to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card associations, associates, and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Compliance with tougher privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. We expect capital investments, excluding mergers, acquisitions, and purchases of leased facilities, to be $4.1 to $4.4 billion. These capital investments include approximately 100 major projects covering new stores, expansions and relocations, including technology and infrastructure to support our customer-first business strategy. Our business strategy continues to resonate with a full range of customers and our results reflect the balance we seek to achieve across our business, including good cost control, as well as growth in net earnings. We have achieved 49 consecutive quarters of positive identical supermarket sales growth, excluding fuel. As we continue to outpace many of our competitors on identical supermarket sales growth, we continue to gain market share. Market share growth allows us to spread the fixed costs in our business over a wider revenue base. Our fundamental operating philosophy is to maintain and increase market share by offering customers good prices and superior products and service. Our operating profit increased primarily due to an increase in first-in, first-out (FIFO) non-fuel operating profit, lower charges for total contributions to the Kroger Co. Foundation, UFCW consolidated pension plan, the charge related to the 2014 multi-employer pension plan obligation, productivity improvements, effective cost controls at the store level, and reductions in transportation costs. Our retail operations, which represent over 99% of our consolidated sales and EBITDA, is our only reportable segment. We believe that our current off-balance sheet leasing commitments are reflected in our investment-grade debt rating. We continue to evaluate our potential exposure to under-funded multi-employer pension plans. Although these liabilities are not a direct obligation or liability of ours, any commitments to fund certain multi-employer plans will be expensed when our commitment is probable and an estimate can be made. Our ability to achieve sales, earnings, and cash flow goals may be affected by labor negotiations or disputes, changes in the types and numbers of businesses that compete with us, pricing and promotional activities of existing and new competitors, and the aggressiveness of that competition. Our ability to execute our financial strategy may be affected by our ability to generate cash flow.