We are increasingly dependent on information technology and third-party service providers to process, transmit, and store company information via business applications, internal networks, and the internet. These technologies support our global business processes and activities, including communicating with our employees, customers, and suppliers; running critical business operations; meeting regulatory, legal, and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. Our reliance on information technology is subject to risks related to confidentiality, integrity, and continuity, many of which are beyond our control. The confidentiality and integrity of information may be jeopardized by deliberate or unintentional misuse, manipulation, or disclosure of information; physical theft; or cybersecurity data breaches. We might face increased risk if our goal of increasing revenues through new initiatives, including e-commerce, leads to an increase in the amount of confidential information that we process and maintain. Continuity of business applications and services may be disrupted by errors in systems' maintenance, migration of applications to the cloud, power outages, hardware or software failures, viruses or malware, cyber security attacks, telecommunication failures, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, and other catastrophic events. Should any of these risks materialize, the need to coordinate with various third-party service providers might complicate our efforts to resolve the related issues. If our controls, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we may experience delays in reporting our financial results. Additionally, should confidential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, or suppliers be misused or breached, we may suffer financial losses relating to remediation, damage to our reputation or brands, loss of intellectual property, or penalties or litigation related to violation of data privacy laws and regulations. We have announced a transformation agenda with the goals of focusing our portfolio, improving our cost structure and operating model, and accelerating our growth. If we do not achieve these objectives and do so in a way that minimizes disruptions to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands into new geographies and to new distribution platforms, including online, and expand our brand image with new product offerings. We seek to maintain, extend, and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, and product innovation. We are subject to various legal and regulatory restrictions on how and to whom we market our products, which may limit our ability to maintain, extend, and expand our brand image, particularly as social media and the communications environment continue to evolve. Our operations and management structure are organized into five reportable operating segments to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively, and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. We continue to monitor worldwide supply, commodity cost, and currency trends to secure ingredients, packaging, and fuel required for production. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing, and manufacturing and overhead cost control.