Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. Stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors. Global market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, real estate markets, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer spending, business investment, government spending, and the volatility and strength of the capital markets, all affect our financial condition, as well as the volume, profitability and results of our business operations. Disruptions in one market or asset class can also spread to other markets or asset classes. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. We also use derivatives as an integral part of our management of the investment portfolio to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity market levels. We manage our investment risk through in-house fundamental credit analysis of the underlying obligors, issuers, transaction structures, and real estate properties. We also manage credit risk, market valuation risk, and liquidity risk through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation. Our primary investment objective is to optimize, net of income tax, risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return while ensuring that assets and liabilities are managed on a cash flow and duration basis. We apply disciplined asset/liability management strategies, including the use of derivatives, primarily interest rate swaps, floors, and swaptions. Our liquidity management includes maintaining a substantial short-term liquidity position, which was $11.1 billion at December 31, 2015. We continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans in light of market conditions and changing needs. We have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process, including the capital management committee and the enterprise risk committee, which regularly review actual and projected capital levels and our annual capital plan. Our capital position is supported by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates. We believe we have access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. We manage interest rate risk as part of our asset and liability management strategies, which include maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a weighted average duration approximately equal to the duration of our estimated liability cash flow profile. We also use certain derivatives in the management of credit, interest rate, and equity market risks. Our risk management policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks, which could negatively affect our business. The failure in cyber- or other information security systems could result in a loss or disclosure of confidential information, damage to our reputation, and impairment of our ability to conduct business effectively. We are exposed to various risks relating to our ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit, and equity market risks. We utilize various strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives.