We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. Information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses and other malware, ransomware and other types of security breaches. Our systems are also subject to compromise from improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. We could experience significant harm if our information systems are breached, or sensitive client or company data are compromised. We are at risk of attack by a growing list of adversaries, be it state-sponsored organizations, organized crime, hackers or "hactivists" through use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, including long-term, persistent attacks referred to as advanced persistent threats. The breadth and complexity of our infrastructure continues to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile technologies, cloud services, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet, which increases the potential risk of security breaches and cyberattacks. The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are also dependent on third party vendors like cloud service providers to keep their systems patched in order to protect our data. If we, our clients and our vendors are unable to keep our systems patched in a timely manner, our systems may be breached, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. We may not adequately identify weaknesses in the target's information systems, either before or after the acquisition, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyber-attack. Our policies, procedures and technical safeguards may be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information by employees, vendors or other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. Improper access to or disclosure of sensitive client or company information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts, as well as under existing or future laws, rules and regulations, resulting in increased legal and other costs and harm to our reputation and our business. We have from time to time experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, such as malware incursions, users exceeding their data access authorization, employee misconduct, and incidents resulting from human error. Although these incidents have resulted in data loss and other damages, to date, they have not had a material adverse effect on our business or operations. In the future, these types of incidents could result in confidential, personal or proprietary information being lost or stolen, including client, employee or company data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We also may be unable to detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond in a timely manner. We leverage systems and applications that are spread all over the world requiring us to regularly move data across national borders. We expect these activities to increase in scope and complexity. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or company data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions.