The failure of altria group, inc.'s information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyberattacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, reputational harm and significant costs. Altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries rely on information systems to help manage business processes, collect and interpret business data, comply with regulatory, financial reporting and tax requirements, engage in marketing and e-commerce activities, collect and store sensitive data and confidential information, and communicate internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers and others. Many of these information systems are managed by third-party service providers. We have implemented administrative, technical and physical safeguards, including testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, intended to protect our systems and data. However, because the techniques used in cyberattacks and security breaches change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. To date, interruptions of our information systems have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on our operations. Failure of our systems or service providers' systems to function as intended or cyberattacks or security breaches by parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive and confidential data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, damage to the reputation of our companies and their brands, legal challenges and significant remediation and other costs to altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries. The reliance on information systems emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The management of these systems is critical to achieving operational efficiency and supporting business strategies. The evolving nature of IT capabilities is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and responding to changing business needs and directions. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is vital for effective decision-making and operational flexibility. Altria group, inc.'s strategic resource allocation and investment decisions are influenced by the effectiveness of its IT governance and the capability to manage information processing capacity. The integration of technology resources into business processes is necessary for enhancing organizational capabilities and achieving performance gains. The challenges associated with maintaining robust IT systems and ensuring their alignment with business strategies are critical for sustaining firm performance in a competitive environment. The organizational transformation driven by digital technologies necessitates a focus on IT deployment and the optimization of information management practices to enhance business value and support market responsiveness.