The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in the company's systems. The company could also experience a business interruption, intentional theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise the company's system infrastructure or lead to data leakage. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company systems to reduce these risks. The company is well positioned to compete in the search for technological innovations, emphasizing research and development. The company's operations are affected by technological advances of competitors, industry consolidation, and competitive combination products. The company actively acquires and markets products through external alliances and has been refining its sales and marketing efforts to further address changing industry conditions. The company's research and development model is designed to increase productivity and improve the probability of success by prioritizing research and development resources on candidates capable of providing unambiguous, promotable advantages to patients and payers. The company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, focusing on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy. The company continues to evaluate certain late-stage clinical development and platform technology assets to determine their out-licensing or sale potential. The company's clinical pipeline includes candidates in multiple disease areas, and it anticipates filing applications for regulatory approval with the FDA for certain candidates in 2016. The company engages in public policy advocacy with policymakers and continues to work to demonstrate that its medicines provide value to patients and those who pay for health care. The company believes it is well positioned to respond to the evolving health care environment and market forces. The company's strategic resource allocation and investment decisions are critical in maintaining operational flexibility and achieving competitive advantage. The company’s ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of its key products. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company is also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates, which could negatively affect its results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on its results of operations.