Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets and the move to more automated trading platforms has resulted in using increasingly complex technology that relies on the continued effectiveness of the programming code and integrity of the data to process the trades. We rely on the ability of our employees, our internal systems and systems at technology centers operated by unaffiliated third parties to process a high volume of transactions. We maintain extensive controls to reduce the risk of incorrect valuation or risk management of our trading positions due to flaws in data, models, electronic trading systems or processes or due to fraud. Nevertheless, such risk cannot be completely eliminated. The interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Our risk management strategies, models and processes may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk. We have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the future. However, our risk management strategies, models and processes may not always adapt with changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate. The financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation, which is undergoing major changes that will impact our business. These laws and regulations significantly affect the way we do business and can restrict the scope of our existing businesses and limit our ability to expand our product offerings and pursue certain investments. We face strong competition from other financial services firms, which could lead to pricing pressures that could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability. We compete on the basis of several factors, including transaction execution, capital or access to capital, products and services, innovation, technology, reputation, risk appetite and price. The ability to execute securities, derivatives and other financial instrument trades electronically on exchanges, swap execution facilities, and other automated trading platforms has increased the pressure on bid-offer spreads, commissions, markups or comparable fees. Our ability to retain and attract qualified employees is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. We are also subject to operational risks, including a failure, breach or other disruption of our operational or security systems, that could adversely affect our businesses or reputation. We face the risk of operational failure or termination of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities transactions. Despite the business contingency plans we have in place, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to us. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located. We devote significant resources to maintaining and upgrading our systems and networks with measures such as intrusion and detection prevention systems, monitoring firewalls to safeguard critical business applications, and supervising third party providers that have access to our systems, but there is no guarantee that these measures can provide absolute security.