We face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions, including low economic growth rates in certain markets, the impact of currency fluctuations, and unstable political conditions that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business. A significant amount of our international business is transacted in local currency, which exposes us to risk relating to currency fluctuations and changes in foreign exchange regulations. A security breach or other significant disruption of our IT systems, those of our outsource partners, suppliers, or those we manufacture, install, and in some cases operate and maintain for our customers, caused by cyber attack or other means, could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. All information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage, unauthorized access, or interruption from a variety of sources, including cyber attack, computer viruses, and telecommunication failures. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within the company and some of which are outsourced. In addition, we are dependent, in certain instances, upon our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our IT systems. Our company outsources certain business operations, including IT, which exposes us to additional risk as a result of the actions of our outsource partners. We have been faced with and expect to continue to be faced with choosing between further increasing our level of vendor financing or potentially losing sales, as some of our competitors have been more willing to provide vendor financing to customers around the world. We no longer own a number of our enterprise legacy information systems, including components of our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, and we are planning to implement a new ERP system. If this implementation is delayed or introduces defective or improperly installed computer code, it may result in a business disruption. As we outsource more of our business operations, we are not able to directly control these activities, and the actions of our outsource partners could result in reputational damage to us and could negatively impact our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows. Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software to meet the demands of our customers. The markets for certain of our products are characterized by changing technologies and evolving industry standards. Our success depends, in substantial part, on the timely and successful introduction of new products, upgrades, and enhancements of current products to comply with emerging industry standards. We expect to continue to see growing demands for our managed & support services, which help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways. We believe our expertise in both public and private networks makes us uniquely qualified to provide these public safety broadband solutions to our customer base. The expansion of our solutions and services business creates new competitors and new areas of risk that we have not been exposed to in the past and that we may not be able to properly assess or mitigate.