We have experienced significant decreases in our average selling prices per gigabit in previous years and may continue to experience such decreases in the future. Our gross margins are dependent upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs, including, but not limited to, process line-width, architecture, number of mask layers, number of fabrication steps, and yield. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce costs include, but are not limited to, strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix, the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes, and difficulty in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies. The semiconductor memory industry is highly competitive, and we face intense competition from companies that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets. Consolidation of industry competitors could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our competitors seek to increase silicon capacity, improve yields, reduce die size, and minimize mask levels in their product designs. Transitions to smaller line-width process technologies and product and process improvements have resulted in significant increases in the worldwide supply of semiconductor memory. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, would lead to further declines in average selling prices for our products and would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors as well as other factors beyond our control. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, research and development, and product and process technology to develop new product and process technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality. We expect our future capital spending will be higher than our historical levels due to the MMJ acquisition and our expansion in Singapore. We estimate that cash expenditures in 2016 for property, plant, and equipment will be approximately $5.3 billion to $5.8 billion. Our cash flows from operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory sold, average selling prices, and manufacturing costs. We have entered into strategic relationships to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies and products. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships are subject to various risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. We manage and store on our network systems various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. Unauthorized users may gain access to our network system and steal proprietary information, compromise confidential information, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. Attacks on our network systems could result in significant losses and damage our reputation with customers. Our operations require raw materials and services that meet exacting standards, and we generally have multiple sources of supply for our raw materials and services. However, only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain raw materials and services that meet our standards. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding capital expenditures, dilution-management activities, and ongoing operations. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes and reduce costs.