Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If growth rates slow faster than expected, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity, and results of operation may be adversely impacted. As we expand internationally, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing, and distribution of original programming, including TV series and movies. We believe that original programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand, and otherwise attract and retain members. If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service. We are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party web hosting provider. We also utilize third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. Problems faced by us or our third-party web hosting, "cloud" computing, or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats, could adversely impact the experience of our members. We have architected our software and computer systems to utilize data processing, storage capabilities, and other services provided by AWS. If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operation could be adversely impacted. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members, and add new members may be impaired.