We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. Additionally, if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or we are unable to implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. We are focused on deploying resources to improve network velocity and service, while streamlining our corporate assets with the restructuring of our subsidiary. As a result of operational improvements, network fluidity improved throughout the year, as evidenced by a decrease in terminal dwell and an improvement in train speed. Improving our rail service, generating higher returns on capital, and increasing the efficiency of our resources remain our focus. We expect to see continued improvement in our service levels and the implementation of multiple cost-control initiatives, as we balance resources with the demand for our high-quality rail service. We also expect to produce expense savings while increasing productivity and efficiency. Our ability to provide rail service to customers depends in large part upon our ability to maintain cooperative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to data exchange and communications. Deterioration in the operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. We have budgeted for technology investments for new or upgraded systems and computers. The anticipated spending includes improvements to our intermodal network and upgrades and expansions of our mechanical service shops. We expect to spend on infrastructure improvements to increase mainline capacity, create operating savings, and accommodate business growth. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions and the cleanup of hazardous material. The risk of incurring environmental liability is inherent in the railroad business, which includes our railroad operations and other industrial activity. We may be affected by general economic conditions, including prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions affecting the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry. Economic conditions resulting in bankruptcies of one or more large customers could have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We face competition from other transportation providers based on transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Our operations are also affected by energy prices, climate change legislation, and competition from other transportation providers. We must offer to transport hazardous materials, regardless of risk, which could create catastrophic losses and compromise critical parts of our rail network.