We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include personal identifying information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, our security measures may not be able to prevent the systems' improper functioning, or the theft of intellectual property, personal information, or personal property, such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, result in theft of company assets, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have in-house information technology capabilities that support our business operations. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness, and to fund planned acquisitions and capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We expect to use our new credit facility to acquire additional properties and for other general corporate purposes. Our new credit facility provides that the interest rate can range based on our credit ratings, which can impact the interest rates charged in those transactions. We believe that our stockholders are best served by a conservative capital structure. Therefore, we seek to maintain a conservative debt level on our balance sheet and solid interest and fixed charge coverage ratios. Our total outstanding borrowings of senior unsecured notes and bonds, term loans, mortgages payable and credit facility borrowings were $4.85 billion. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and U.S. credit markets carefully and, if required, will make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly. Our strategy of primarily holding properties long-term decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable. However, if events should occur that require us to reduce the carrying value of our real estate by recording provisions for impairment, they could have a material impact on our results of operations. We have made and may continue to make selected acquisitions of properties that fall outside our historical focus, which may expose us to new risks. Our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in consummating future acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will realize the benefits that we anticipate from such acquisitions. We face competition in the acquisition and operation of our properties, and this competition may result in a higher cost for properties we wish to purchase. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential tenants could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new tenants, re-lease space, collect rent or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. Our ability to lease space to tenants on economically favorable terms is critical to our cash flow from operations. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees, and the loss of their services could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.