Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to: controlling oneok partners' plants and pipelines with industrial control systems including supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA); collecting and storing customer, employee, investor, and other stakeholder information and data; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting, processing, and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information; complying with regulatory, legal, or tax requirements; providing data security; and handling other processing necessary to manage our business. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have developed and implemented a comprehensive set of policies and procedures that involve both our senior management and the audit committee of our board of directors to assist us in managing risks associated with, among other things, the marketing, trading, and risk-management activities associated with our business segments. Our risk policies and procedures are intended to align strategies, processes, people, information technology, and business knowledge so that risk is managed throughout the organization. However, as conditions change and become more complex, current risk measures may fail to adequately assess the relevant risk due to changes in the market and the presence of risks previously unknown to us. Additionally, if employees fail to adhere to our policies and procedures or if our policies and procedures are not effective, potentially because of future conditions or risks outside of our control, we may be exposed to greater risk than we had intended. Ineffective risk-management policies and procedures or violation of risk-management policies and procedures could have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial position, or cash flows. We utilize financial instruments to mitigate our exposure to interest-rate fluctuations. Hedging instruments that are used to reduce our exposure to interest-rate fluctuations could expose us to risk of financial loss, including where we have contracted for variable-rate swap instruments to hedge fixed-rate instruments and the variable rate exceeds the fixed rate. In addition, these hedging arrangements may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive if we had contracted for fixed-rate swap agreements to hedge variable-rate instruments and the variable rate falls below the fixed rate. Our businesses are subject to market and credit risks. We and oneok partners are exposed to market and credit risks in all of our operations. To reduce the impact of commodity price fluctuations, oneok partners uses derivative transactions, such as swaps, futures, and forwards, to hedge anticipated purchases and sales of natural gas, NGLs, and crude oil and firm transportation commitments. However, derivative instruments do not eliminate the risks. Specifically, such risks include commodity price changes, market supply shortages, interest-rate changes, and counterparty default. The impact of these variables could result in our and oneok partners' inability to fulfill contractual obligations, significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to corresponding sales contracts, or increased interest expense. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services underscore the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities.