We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and timely provide products to our customers. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches or other catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. Such a disruption of our systems could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel and general business and economic conditions. We believe that our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. We must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. Our business, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our key employees. We cannot be sure that we will be able to continue to attract qualified personnel, which could cause us to be less efficient, and as a result, may adversely impact our sales and profitability. Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. Many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. We believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. Brand value is based, in large part, on perceptions of subjective qualities and even isolated incidents can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, which can negatively impact these perceptions and lead to adverse effects on our business or team members. We believe that the key drivers of current and future demand of the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age and unemployment. We have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences and we also have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. We believe that as total employment continues to improve, total miles driven in the U.S. should continue to increase in line with the historical trend of long-term annual growth. Our management continues to review these critical accounting policies and estimates to ensure that the consolidated financial statements are presented fairly in accordance with GAAP. We have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and, accordingly, have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand. Our supplier financing programs enable us to reduce overall supply chain costs and negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to an increase in net income and a greater increase in income taxes payable, partially offset by a smaller decrease in net inventory investment and a decrease in accrued payroll-related liabilities.