The company relies on information technology systems, including the internet and other computer systems, which may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains protections to guard against such events. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could result in a negative impact on the company's operating results and could also cause reputational damage, business disruption or the disclosure of confidential data. The company is expanding its range of Paccar engines in North America with the introduction of the Paccar MX-11 engine, which is designed to deliver excellent performance and fuel economy, industry-leading durability and reliability, and a quiet operating environment for the driver. Kenworth and Peterbilt launched new vehicle technologies that provide customers real-time diagnostic information to enhance their vehicle operating performance. Kenworth TruckTech+ and Peterbilt SmartLINQ diagnostic systems are in production on new Class 8 trucks equipped with the Paccar MX-13 engine. In addition, predictive cruise control is in production for Kenworth T680 and T660 trucks and Peterbilt Model 579 and Model 567 trucks. The new driver assist systems integrate cruise control with global positioning system data to anticipate road contours, enabling the Paccar MX-13 engine to achieve outstanding fuel economy. Kenworth and Peterbilt have developed additional technologies to enhance customers' driver performance and profitability, including Driver Performance Assistant and Driver Shift Aid. The company believes that its U.S. cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities, future operating cash flow and access to the capital markets, along with periodic repatriation of foreign earnings, will be sufficient to meet U.S. liquidity requirements. The company's global operations are subject to extensive trade, competition and anti-corruption laws and regulations that could impose significant compliance costs. The company conducts business in various countries which have been experiencing significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain and the corresponding potential default. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties and operating environments. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale, which involves evaluating finance receivables that are not individually impaired on a collective basis and determining the general allowance for credit losses based on historical loss information. The adequacy of the allowance is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current market conditions. The company believes its financial services companies will be able to continue funding receivables, servicing debt and paying dividends through internally generated funds, access to public and private debt markets and lines of credit.