In addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, we rely on continued demand for our products, which depends in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with health and wellness. Our success is also dependent on our product and marketing innovation, including maintaining a robust pipeline of new products and improving the quality of existing products. We must sell products that appeal to our customers and consumers, and any significant changes in consumer preferences or any inability on our part to innovate or market our products effectively could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are a global food and beverage company operating in highly competitive categories and markets, and our growth rate may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain or grow our current share of the market. Our operations outside the United States generate a significant portion of our income, and we believe that these countries and other developing and emerging markets present important future growth opportunities for us. However, there can be no assurance that our existing products or new products will be accepted or successful in any particular developing or emerging market due to local or global competition and cultural differences. 

We continue to implement strategic plans that we believe will position our business for future success and long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure and operate more efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food, and snack categories. We are also continuing to implement our global operating model to improve efficiency, decision-making, innovation, and brand management across the global organization to enable us to compete effectively. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations. We are focused on increasing our e-commerce presence and capabilities, continuing to invest in research and development, and design to foster breakthrough innovations and enhance consumer experiences across our businesses. 

Our ability to effectively manage our information technology infrastructure is critical to our success. We depend on information technology for many activities important to our business, including to interface with our customers and consumers, engage in digital marketing activities, and maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. We are regularly subject to cyberattacks, and if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and maintain our information technology infrastructure, our business could be disrupted. We also utilize cloud-based services and systems managed by third-party vendors to conduct certain of our business activities and transactions. If any of these third-party service providers do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance, we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings or may incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. 

Our management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, including growth in volume, revenue, operating profit, and market share. We believe that many of the challenges we currently face also create new growth opportunities for our company, and we intend to focus on upgrading our commercial capabilities and building new capabilities to meet the demands of our customers and consumers.