The company relies extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate its business, some of which are managed by third parties. The security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of data by these systems, are critical to our business operations. If these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, intruded upon, attacked, shutdown or cease to function properly (whether by planned upgrades, force majeure, telecommunications failures, hardware or software break-ins or viruses, or other cyber-security incidents) and the company suffers any resulting interruption in its ability to manage and operate its business or if its products are affected, the company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The company may be subject to risks relating to organizational changes. The company regularly executes organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures and realignments to support its growth and cost management strategies. The company also engages in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies and cash flow and to reduce costs. The company further commits significant resources to identify, develop and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. If the company is unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as the company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures depend on the company's ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. The company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, and entering into joint ventures, which it believes will enhance its operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities or that it will be able to acquire such businesses or enter into such joint ventures on acceptable terms. The company may be subject to risks relating to its information technology systems. If the company is unable to avoid these risks, its results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The company may be subject to risks arising from changes in the competitive environment in which it operates. The company's operations are subject to competition from a wide variety of global, regional and local competitors, which could adversely affect the company's results of operations by creating downward pricing pressure and/or a decline in the company's margins or market shares. To compete successfully, the company must excel in terms of product quality and innovation, technological and engineering capability, manufacturing and distribution capability, delivery, price competitiveness, and customer service. The company's ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect its competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. If the company does not develop, or has difficulties or delays in the development of, innovative new and enhanced products and services, or fails to gain market or regulatory acceptance of new products and technologies, the company's revenues may be materially reduced and the company's competitive position could be materially adversely affected. The company also cannot offer assurances that any of these initiatives will continue to be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency improvements, incremental cost savings or cash flow improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all. The company may be subject to risks arising from litigation, legal and regulatory proceedings and obligations. The company is subject to national and international laws and regulations, such as the anti-corruption laws of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, relating to its business and its employees. Despite the company's policies, procedures and compliance programs, its internal controls and compliance systems may not be able to protect the company from prohibited acts willfully committed by its employees, agents or business partners that would violate such applicable laws and regulations.