We depend on information systems, both internally and through third-parties, to conduct our business and could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of, or security breaches affecting, those systems. As a large financial company, we handle a substantial volume of customer and other financial transactions virtually on a continuous basis. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, and monitor our transactions. The need to ensure proper functioning of these systems has become more challenging, and the costs involved in that effort are greater than ever. We have seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs and higher expectations of customers and regulators regarding effective and safe systems operation. The ability to conduct business with us in this manner depends on the transmission of confidential information, which increases the risk of data security breaches. We continually encounter technological change and we could falter in our ability to remain competitive in this arena. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. We have been investing in technology and connectivity to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions, and otherwise to enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy customer demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, and create efficiencies in our operations. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations or because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not rolled out in a timely manner, may cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. We face a variety of risks that may impact various aspects of our risk profile from time to time, including operational risk which is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems. This includes losses that may arise as a result of system breaches and misuse of sensitive information. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs. We have incurred significant expense towards improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats. Nonetheless, there remains the risk that one or more adverse events might occur. The occurrence of any failure, interruption, or security breach of any of our information or communications systems could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences to us. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Our strategies for growing fee income across our lines of business are focused on achieving deeper market penetration and cross-selling our diverse product mix to meet the broad range of financial needs of our customers. We are focused on delivering those products and services where, when, and how our customers choose with the goal of offering insight that addresses their specific financial objectives.