Our performance depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of the manufacturing equipment in our production facilities. The inability to operate one or more of our facilities due to a natural disaster; power outage; labor dispute; or failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems could significantly impair our ability to manufacture our products. Our manufacturing equipment is becoming increasingly dependent on our information technology systems. A disruption in our information technology systems due to a catastrophic event or security breach could interrupt or damage our operations. Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our customers using credit cards at our branded retail outlets. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Although we have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of these breaches has had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation (or compromised any customer data). Any such breaches could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of customer information, disrupt the services we provide to customers, and damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations with respect to, among other things: the discharge of pollutants into the environment; emissions into the atmosphere; the quantity of renewable fuels that must be blended into motor fuels; and the handling, use, storage, transportation, disposal and cleanup of hazardous materials and hazardous and nonhazardous wastes. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. The adoption of climate change legislation could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the refined products we produce. Our operations could be subject to significant interruption if one or more of our facilities were to experience a major accident, mechanical failure, or power outage, encounter work stoppages relating to organized labor issues, be damaged by severe weather or other natural or man-made disaster, such as an act of terrorism, or otherwise be forced to shut down. If any facility were to experience an interruption in operations, earnings from the facility could be materially adversely affected because of lost production and repair costs. Our operations present hazards and risks, which may not be fully covered by insurance, if insured. If a significant accident or event occurs for which we are not adequately insured, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected. The scope and nature of our operations present a variety of operational hazards and risks, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, maritime hazards and natural catastrophes, that must be managed through continual oversight and control. We strive to attract, train, develop and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and culture. Throughout the company, we focus on getting results in the right way and believe success is both what we do and how we do it. We encourage collaboration throughout our company, while valuing differences, respecting diversity of thought, and creating a great place to work. We foster an environment of learning and development through structured programs focused on enhancing functional and technical skills where employees are engaged in our business and committed to their own, as well as the company's, success.