We are in the process of implementing information technology (IT) solutions, which could temporarily disrupt day-to-day operations at certain operating units. We continue to implement comprehensive IT solutions that we believe will allow for the interface between functions such as accounting and finance, human resources, operations, and fleet management. Continued development and implementation of the IT solutions will require substantial financial and personnel resources. While the IT solutions are intended to improve and enhance our information systems, implementation of new information systems at each operating unit exposes us to the risks of start-up of the new system and integration of that system with our existing systems and processes, including possible disruption of our financial reporting. There is no guarantee that we will realize economic or other intended benefits from continued development and implementation of the IT solutions. Additionally, the IT solutions may not be developed or implemented as timely or as accurately as planned. Failure to properly implement the IT solutions could result in substantial disruptions to our business, including coordinating and processing our normal business activities, testing and recording of certain data necessary to provide oversight over our disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal controls over our financial reporting, and other unforeseen problems. We rely heavily on computer, information, and communications technology and related systems to manage our operations and other business processes and to protect sensitive information maintained in the normal course of business. Cyber-attacks and physical security risks, such as storms or other natural phenomena, along with IT solution failures, network disruptions, and other breaches of data security, could disrupt our operations by causing, among other things, delays in the processing of transactions or the reporting of financial results or the unintentional disclosure of customer, employee, or company information that could damage our reputation. Additionally, cyber-attacks or acts of terrorism against us, our customers, and/or our vendors or other breaches of our data security could cause service disruption or loss of control of our customers' energy infrastructure systems, which could subject us to significant liabilities and cause damage to our reputation. While management has taken steps to address these concerns by implementing network security and internal control measures, there can be no assurance that the above events will not occur, and such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business is labor intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees. Our ability to maintain our productivity and profitability is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We may not be able to maintain an adequate skilled labor force necessary to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy. The commencement of new, large-scale infrastructure projects or increased demand for infrastructure improvements, as well as the aging electric utility workforce, may also further reduce the pool of skilled workers available to us. In addition, in our oil and gas infrastructure services segment, there is limited availability of experienced supervisors and foremen that can oversee large mainline pipe projects. A shortage in the supply of these skilled personnel creates competitive hiring markets and may result in increased labor expenses. Additionally, if we are unable to hire employees with the requisite skills, we may also be forced to incur significant training expenses. Labor shortages or increased labor costs could impair our ability to maintain our business or grow our revenues or profitability.