The considerable expansion in the use of social media and digital marketing over recent years has compounded the potential scope of any negative publicity. Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. These technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. If we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results. We rely on third-party providers of various services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways that could harm our business. A failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. We are subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage, and transmission of sensitive information, including risks related to compliance with applicable laws and other contractual obligations, as well as the risk that our systems collecting such information could be compromised. We are subject to federal, state, and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security, and transfer of personally identifiable information. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions but also to transfers of information between the company and its subsidiaries, and among the company, its subsidiaries, and other parties with which the company has commercial relations. We must continue to sufficiently recruit, retain, train, and motivate our employees to maintain our current business and support our projected global growth both shoreside and on our ships. Our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees, and on our ability to recruit and retain high-quality personnel in key markets. Our principal executive office and principal shoreside operations are located at the port of Miami, Florida, and we have shoreside offices throughout the world. Substantial or repeated information systems failures, computer viruses, or cyber-attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. We do not generally carry business interruption insurance for our shoreside operations or our information systems. As such, any losses or damages incurred by us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms, and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including but not limited to the vibrancy of the financial markets, our financial performance, and the performance of our industry in general. We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices, and changes in interest rates. High levels of volatility with respect to any of the foregoing could have a material impact on our financial results, net of the impact of our hedging activities and other natural offsets. We are often forced to alter itineraries and occasionally to cancel a cruise or a series of cruises due to these or other factors, which could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.