Our information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business. We depend on the integrity and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. Excessive technological change could impact the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. Targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the best investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could damage our competitive position and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology system changes could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. These initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. We must monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace. Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Data security breaches, including cyber-attacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems, could result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of customer, credit card, employee, or other private and valuable information that we handle in the ordinary course of our business. We rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide data security for those transactions. Cyber criminals may attempt to penetrate our information systems to misappropriate customer or business information. Despite security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. A breach of our data security, or our failure or delay in detecting and mitigating a loss of personal or business information, could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence, violation of applicable laws, and expose us to civil claims, litigation, and regulatory action and to unanticipated costs and disruption of our operations. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our employees or by third parties. If our information systems or our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are forecasting approximately $425 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2016 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices.