This form 10-K contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors and overall economic activity that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence and interest rates. The waste industry is highly competitive and includes competitors that may have greater financial and operational resources, flexibility to reduce prices or other competitive advantages that could make it difficult for us to compete effectively. Our ability to obtain solid waste volume for our landfills may be limited by the fact that some major collection operations also own or operate landfills to which they send their waste. We seek to secure price increases necessary to offset higher costs, to maintain or improve operating margins, and to obtain adequate returns on our substantial investments in assets such as our landfills. Our ability to remain competitive and to grow our business largely depends on our cash flow from operations and access to capital. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain or maintain the permits we require to operate because permits to operate new landfills and transfer stations, or to expand the permitted capacity of existing landfills, have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. We cannot assure you that we will be able to operate our landfills at their current volumes or charge current prices for landfill disposal services due to possible decreases in demand for such services. Our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial, operational and management resources. To continue our growth, we may need to add administrative and other personnel, and may need to make additional investments in operations and systems. We may be unable to execute our acquisition growth strategy. Our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates and on our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. The integration of our operations with those of acquired companies may present significant challenges to our management. We are also expanding and improving our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. Additionally, while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventive measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability and competitive disadvantage. We expect the savings realized from these restructuring efforts will be reinvested in our customer-focused programs and other initiatives we recently launched. Additionally, as part of these customer initiatives, we also will be consolidating our call center operations. Over the next two years, we will consolidate over 100 customer service locations into three customer resource centers. The new state-of-the-art facilities and the technology deployed will provide our customer service employees with the tools and capabilities they need to provide better service to customers across a myriad of touch points, including voice, email, text, social channels and live chat.