Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by attacks on information technology infrastructure and other cyber-based and business disruptions. Cyber-based risks, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, both attacks to our IT infrastructure and attacks to the IT infrastructure of third parties in attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential or other proprietary information, classified information, or information relating to our employees, customers, and other third parties. Such attacks could result in disruptions to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. We have experienced cyber-based attacks and may continue to experience them going forward, potentially with more frequency. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from these potential attacks. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature, and scope of such attacks or other disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, misappropriation, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our or third-party systems, networks, or products, financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation. Our reliance on suppliers and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components, and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers, supplier capacity constraints, contract manufacturer production disruptions, closing or bankruptcy of our suppliers, price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. Our business may be affected by government contracting risks, as U.S. government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for convenience or for default as a result of our failure to perform under the applicable contract. We are now, and believe that in light of the current U.S. government contracting environment we will continue to be, the subject of U.S. government investigations relating to certain of our U.S. government contracts. The success of future acquisitions and divestitures will depend on the satisfaction of conditions precedent to, and consummation of, the pending transactions, the timing of consummation of these pending transactions, and the ability of the parties to secure any required regulatory approvals in a timely manner. Our financial performance is dependent on the conditions of the construction and aerospace industries. We seek to achieve growth through the design, development, production, sale, and support of innovative products that incorporate advanced technologies. The product, program, and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly, and we invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products, and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier and internally produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and subcontractors; hiring and training of qualified personnel; achieving cost and production efficiencies; and identification of emerging technological trends in our target end-markets. Any of these events or factors could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.