We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and could adversely affect our financial results. Our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems and rewards programs, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, accounting and internal and external communications, as well as the information technology systems of our third-party business partners and service providers, can contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of these systems. We also rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support, including a small number of large third-party providers for some of our administrative functions. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and prevent breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. Our strategic initiatives, which include driving convenience and brand engagement through our mobile, loyalty and digital capabilities, rely on the effective deployment of information technology resources. The unauthorized access, theft or destruction of customer or employee personal, financial or other data or of proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations, including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, and various other processes and transactions. Our information technology systems must be capable of supporting our operational efficiency and effectiveness. We have experienced frequent attempts to compromise our information technology systems, and significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy any problems and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies and personnel. Our systems are not fully redundant within a market or across our markets, which may limit our ability to use information systems in one market to cover system failures in another market. The techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches of information technology systems change frequently and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of our information technology systems. We believe that our information technology capabilities are critical to transforming our firm into a competitive force and enhancing our operational flexibility and responsiveness to market dynamics.