The oilfield service industry is highly competitive, and our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain, or increase prices for our services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. If we are unable to continue to develop and produce competitive technology or deliver it to our clients in a timely and cost-competitive manner in the various markets we serve, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business, and there can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material impact on our systems when such incidents or attacks do occur. Our ability to complete the proposed merger with Cameron is subject to various closing conditions and the receipt of consents and approvals from government entities which may impose conditions that could materially adversely affect Cameron or Schlumberger or cause the merger to be abandoned. The merger agreement contains certain closing conditions, including approval of the proposed merger by Cameron stockholders, the absence of injunctions or other legal restrictions, and that no material adverse effect shall have occurred with respect to either company. We anticipate that we will discontinue our dealings with Saderat and Tejarat following the receipt of all amounts owed to us for prior services rendered in Iran. Our failure to comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and other laws could have a negative impact on our ongoing operations. We are subject to complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, such as the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and various other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. The internal controls, policies and procedures, and employee training and compliance programs we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors, or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies and violating applicable laws and regulations. Any determination that we have violated or are responsible for violations of anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety, and environmental risks. Our offerings involve production-related activities, radioactive materials, chemicals, explosives, and other equipment and services that are deployed in challenging exploration, development, and production environments. An accident involving these services or equipment, or a failure of a product, could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment, or the environment, or suspension of operations. Our insurance may not protect us against liability for some kinds of events, including events involving pollution, or against losses resulting from business interruption. Moreover, we may not be able to maintain insurance at levels of risk coverage or policy limits that we deem adequate. Any damages caused by our services or products that are not covered by insurance, or are in excess of policy limits or are subject to substantial deductibles, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for our business. Competition for the personnel required for our businesses intensifies as activity increases. In periods of high utilization, it may become more difficult to find and retain qualified individuals. This could increase our costs or have other adverse effects on our operations.