New business technologies implemented by us or developed by others present a risk for increased attacks on our information systems and the integrity of our energy grid and our natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure. Cybersecurity and the protection of our operations and other activities, including our customer and employee information, are a priority at Sempra Energy, SDG&E, and SoCalGas. The utility industry faces evolving cybersecurity risks associated with protecting sensitive and confidential customer information, smart grid infrastructure, and natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure. Deployment of new business technologies represents a new and large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. While our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to computer viruses or other malware, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, to date we have not experienced a material breach of cybersecurity. Addressing these risks is the subject of significant ongoing activities across Sempra Energy's businesses, but we cannot ensure that a successful attack will not occur. An attack on our information systems, the integrity of the energy grid, our natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure, or one of our facilities, or unauthorized access to confidential customer information, could result in energy delivery service failures, financial loss, violations of privacy laws, customer dissatisfaction and litigation, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and/or prospects. Our businesses will need to continue to adapt to technological change which may cause us to incur significant expenditures to adapt to these changes and which efforts may not be successful. We expect that emerging technologies may be superior to, or may not be compatible with, some of our existing technologies, investments, and infrastructure, and may require us to make significant expenditures to remain competitive, or may result in the obsolescence of certain of our operating assets or the operating assets of our equity method investments. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability and our investment partners' abilities to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards and to recover all, or a significant portion of, any unrecovered investment in obsolete assets. If we incur significant expenditures in adapting to technological changes, fail to adapt to significant technological changes, fail to obtain access to important new technologies, or fail to recover a significant portion of any remaining investment in obsolete assets, our businesses, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. The operation of our facilities depends on good labor relations with our employees. Several of our businesses have entered into and have in place collective bargaining agreements with different labor unions. Our collective bargaining agreements are generally negotiated on a company-by-company basis. Any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to negotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts, or other labor disruptions. Labor disruptions, strikes, or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, and/or cash flows.