Our business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers' planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and our customers' profitability. These items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions. Our business is directly affected by, among other factors, changes in revenue passenger miles (RPMs), the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and, to a lesser extent, changes in the profitability of the commercial airline industry. The commercial aerospace industry, including the aftermarket and OEM market, is impacted by the health of the global economy and geopolitical events around the world. We believe we are a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our products are installed on almost all of the major commercial aircraft platforms now in production. Our key competitive strengths include large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream. We provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft to which we supply aftermarket products. We expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. Our business is affected by the price and availability of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our components. Our business could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our suppliers or by increased costs of such raw materials or components if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers. We are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including power loss, fire, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist attacks and similar events. Disruptions could also occur due to cyber-attacks, computer or equipment malfunction (accidental or intentional), operator error or process failures. Any disruption of our ability to operate our business could result in a material decrease in our revenues or significant additional costs to replace, repair or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.