Our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of accurate and relevant guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers. We must compete by offering a consistent and convenient shopping experience for our guests regardless of the ultimate sales channel; providing and maintaining digital tools for our guests and team members that have the right features and are reliable and easy to use; working with our vendors to offer unique and distinctive merchandise, and implementing improvements to our guest-facing technology. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to support our efforts to provide a consistent guest experience across all sales channels, evolve our supply chain, and improve our inventory management systems, information processes, and computer systems to more efficiently run our business and remain competitive and relevant to our guests. Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with guests across multiple channels, including in-store, online, mobile, and social media. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage and account for inventory, process guest transactions, manage and maintain the privacy of guest data, and communicate with our vendors and other third parties. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly or reliably, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft, and encounter lost guest confidence, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We continually make significant technology investments that will help maintain and update our existing computer systems. Implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption, and the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency. Our evolving retailing efforts include implementing new technology, software, and processes to fulfill guest orders directly from our vendors and from any point within our system of stores and distribution centers. If we are unable to attract and retain team members or contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support these efforts, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. We must monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace, which depends on our ability to accurately forecast our needs and is influenced by the amount and pace of investments by our competitors. Our growth also depends, in part, on our ability to build new stores and remodel existing stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. We are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and our guests in a timely and efficient manner. As we continue to add fulfillment capabilities or pursue strategies with different fulfillment requirements, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more challenging. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks, delivery delays, or increased delivery costs that could lead to lost sales and decreased guest confidence. Our capital investments in technology, supply chain, new stores, and remodeling existing stores must achieve appropriate returns; otherwise, our competitive position, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. We are making significant technology investments to support our efforts to provide a consistent guest experience across all sales channels, implement improvements to our guest-facing technology, and evolve our supply chain and inventory management systems.