We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Competitive factors include technological innovation, e-business capabilities and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. Our customers include pharmaceutical and chemical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. Many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. We rely on our technology infrastructure, among other functions, to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders and bill, collect and make payments, ship products, provide services and support to customers, track customers, fulfill contractual obligations and otherwise conduct business. We periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. As we implement and add functionality, problems could arise that we have not foreseen. Such problems could adversely impact our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders and otherwise run our business in a timely manner. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. We also rely on third-party package-delivery services, and a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability. Our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses. These cash flows in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses. Our ability to comply with financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations. If we are unable to service our debt, refinance our existing debt or obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay strategic acquisitions, capital expenditures or research and development expenditures. Our ongoing effort to upgrade our current information systems is critical for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting business transformation. The company expects to issue debt in advance of closing the acquisition of Affymetrix to partially fund the acquisition. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.