We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. We face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products. Additionally, our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches of our information technology systems. Breaches of our information technology systems could compromise our information technology networks and could result in unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information, cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations, or cause us to incur increased information technology protection costs. Our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to develop and license new intellectual property depends on our information technology capabilities. We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner, and our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected if our suppliers' operations were disrupted as a result of, for example, breaches of information technology systems. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We subcontract a portion of our wafer fabrication and assembly and testing of our products, and we depend on third parties to provide advanced logic manufacturing process technology development. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions, including potential disruptions in transportation, communications, and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to develop and license new intellectual property. Our operating results could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject, including those related to data privacy and protection. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment, including technical, marketing, management and staff personnel. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. We may not realize the expected benefits of an acquisition if we are unable to timely and successfully integrate acquired operations, product lines and technology. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations, which is critical for funding our investments in technology and innovation. Our results of operations and liquidity could be affected by changes in the financial markets, which may restrict our ability to access the capital markets or redeem our investments. Our margins may vary over time, and our profit margins may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including decreases in customer demand and shipment volume, obsolescence of our inventory, and shifts in our product mix. We operate in a highly competitive market environment that might adversely affect pricing for our products, and we require significant investments to develop new technologies and products that meet changing customer demands. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast.