We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology such as positive train control (PTC) or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, if a cyber attack or other event causes significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could suffer a significant service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our capital plan includes significant investments in technology improvements, including approximately $375 million for PTC. We will continue to invest in our network and terminals where appropriate, balancing terminal capacity with mainline capacity. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We must build or acquire and maintain our rail system, while trucks, barges, and maritime operators are able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation, or legislation that eliminates or significantly reduces the burden of the size or weight limitations currently applicable to motor carriers, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers. In addition to price competition, we face competition with respect to transit times and quality and reliability of service. Our ability to leverage technology and improve operational efficiency is essential for maintaining our competitive position. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and changes in the legislative or regulatory frameworks within which we operate could adversely affect our business, including our technology deployment strategies. Our reliance on technology and technology improvements in our business operations underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The implementation of PTC and other technological advancements is critical to our operational efficiency and safety. We continue to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and enhance our ability to address surges in demand for any reason with adequate resources. These measures are aimed at ensuring that we can respond effectively to market dynamics and maintain our competitive advantage in the transportation industry.