We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The global payments industry is intensely competitive, and our payment programs compete against all forms of payment, including cash, checks, electronic, ecommerce, virtual currencies, and mobile payments. Our clients can reassess their commitments to us at any time or develop their own competitive services. The Dodd-Frank Act increased competitive pressure, and the risk to maintaining or securing our clients' long-term commitments to our products increased with the Dodd-Frank Act's restrictions on network exclusivity in the debit sector. We may face intense pressures on client pricing, and in order to stay competitive, we offer incentives to our clients to increase payments volume, enter new market segments, and expand their visa-branded card base. We have continued to increase the use of incentives such as up-front cash payments and fee discounts in many countries, including the U.S. Our business performance reflects the impacts of continued uneven and tepid economic growth, and we continue to explore additional opportunities to enhance our competitive position by expanding the scope of payment solutions we provide. We are subject to regulations that prohibit us from contracting with clients or requiring them to use only our network, or that deny them the option of selecting only our network. The regulations and developments arising from the Dodd-Frank Act may continue to harm our overall business. We may also have to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships or comply with regulations. We depend on our close working relationships with our clients or other third-party processors in regions where we cannot oversee the end-to-end processing of transactions. Our inability to oversee the end-to-end processing for cards carrying our brands in these countries may put us at a competitive disadvantage by limiting our ability to ensure the quality of the services supporting our brands. We rely significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support and compete effectively for our programs and services. Our success depends on our relationships with our financial institution clients, acquirers, merchants, account holders, and other third parties. We depend on third parties and our financial institution clients to provide various services associated with our payments network on our behalf, and to the extent that such third-party vendors or our financial institution clients fail to perform or deliver adequate services, our business and reputation could be impaired. Rapid, significant technological changes continue to confront the payments industry, including developments in mobile and other proximity payment and acceptance, ecommerce, tokenization, cryptocurrency, and blockchain technologies. Our ability to adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide standards, new laws and regulations, resistance to change from clients or merchants, or third parties' intellectual property rights. If we are unable to develop new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards, it could reduce the use of our products and harm our business. The perception of our brands and our business could be harmed if our transaction processing systems are disrupted or compromised, and we may encounter account data breaches, cyberattacks, or system failures involving card or other data processed, stored, or transmitted by third parties or by us.