We face significant competition in our industry. The rapid development of new technologies, services, and products has eliminated many of the traditional distinctions among wireless, cable, internet, local, and long-distance communication services and brought new competitors to our markets. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, the quality of our customer service, our development of new and enhanced products and services, the reach and quality of our sales and distribution channels, and our capital resources. It will also depend on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various factors affecting our industry, including new technologies and business models, changes in consumer preferences and demand for existing services, demographic trends, and economic conditions. If we are not able to adapt to changes and disruptions in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services, be unable to implement our business strategy, and experience reduced profits. Our industry is experiencing rapid change as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their communications needs and allow new entrants into the markets we serve. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. If we are unable to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors. We depend on various key suppliers and vendors to provide us with equipment and services that we need to operate our business and provide products to our customers. If these suppliers or vendors fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis or fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be unable to provide products and services as and when requested by our customers. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyber attacks may cause equipment failures, loss of information, including sensitive personal information of customers or employees, or valuable technical and marketing information, as well as disruptions to our or our customers' operations. The inability to operate our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors, and other service providers as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and a loss of market share to other communications providers. The costs associated with a major cyber attack could include increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures and lost revenues from business interruption. We expect our dependence on key suppliers to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology. Changes in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business