Our investments in and acquisitions of health care and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. We could encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including contingent liabilities, and acquired properties might require significant management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our anticipated acquisitions and investments will be consummated in accordance with anticipated timing, on anticipated terms, or at all. We also may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted. We are exposed to various operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. These risks include fluctuations in occupancy, economic conditions, competition, and the availability and increases in the cost of labor. Our operators' revenues are primarily driven by occupancy and private pay rates. To the extent that any decrease in revenues and/or any increase in operating expenses result in a property not generating enough cash to make payments to us, the credit of our operator and the value of other collateral would have to be relied upon. We are exposed to the risk that our obligors may not be able to meet the rent, principal and interest or other payments due to us, which may result in an obligor bankruptcy or insolvency. Our ability to acquire our partner's interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. Our ability to manage our rapid growth could distract our management or increase our expenses. Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. We depend on Genesis Healthcare, LLC for a significant portion of our revenues, and any inability or unwillingness by Genesis to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could adversely affect us. We cannot assure you that Genesis will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable it to make rental payments to us or to otherwise satisfy its obligations under our leases. Our properties managed by Sunrise Senior Living, LLC account for a significant portion of our revenues, and any adverse developments in its business or financial condition could adversely affect us. International development, ownership, and operating activities involve risks that are different from those we face with respect to our domestic properties and operations. We cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases at the end of their lease terms. Our operators' or tenants' failure to comply with federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards could adversely affect such operators' or tenants' operations, which could adversely affect our operators' and tenants' ability to meet their obligations to us. Our ability to quickly sell or exchange any of our properties in response to changes in economic and other conditions will be limited. Our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data, and other electronic security breaches. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and compromise the confidential information of our employees, operators, and tenants. We believe that our and our tenants' insurance coverage is appropriate to cover reasonably anticipated losses that may be caused by severe weather conditions and natural disasters. However, we are always subject to the risk that such insurance will not fully cover all losses. We may incur costs to remediate environmental contamination at our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our or our obligors' business or financial condition.