We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in both our primary and secondary (back-up) systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates. If our information systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in both our information systems and back-up systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In addition, we are pursuing complex initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems, which will include, for many of our information systems, establishing common processes across our lines of business. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk. If we fail to integrate our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. If the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our e-commerce business globally, could be materially adversely affected. Many of our customers shop with us over our e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, which are a part of our multi-channel sales strategy. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for new developments and technology investments by our competitors through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels by each operating segment. Any failure on our part to provide attractive, user-friendly e-commerce platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices and with low cost and rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of e-commerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, and could have a material adverse impact on the growth of our e-commerce business globally. We maintain substantial security measures to protect, and to prevent unauthorized access to, information stored in our digital information systems. However, we or our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate one or more of the rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated means by which cyber-attackers may attempt to defeat our security measures or those of our third-party service providers. Any breach of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and loss of our confidential information could materially adversely affect our reputation with our customers, members, associates, vendors and shareholders, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our failure to attract and retain qualified associates, increases in wage and benefit costs, changes in laws and other labor issues could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our ability to continue to conduct and expand our operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified associates globally.