We depend on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems to manage our operations, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. System failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our customers, or delay our financial reporting. Such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our personnel, customers and suppliers around the world. In connection with the IPO and the separation, we have substantially changed a number of our business processes, including our financial reporting and supply chain processes. In order to support the new business processes under the terms of our transitional services agreement with Pfizer, we have made significant configuration and data changes within some of our information technology systems. If our information and processes are not sufficient to support our business and financial reporting functions, or if we fail to properly implement our new business processes, our financial reporting may be delayed or inaccurate and our operations may be adversely affected and, as a result, our operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. We are implementing new business systems to support our operations, including an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system to better integrate our manufacturing, financial, commercial and business operations. There is risk associated with ensuring that the milestones, timelines and budget associated with these new systems stay on track. Transitioning to new systems, integrating new systems into current systems or any disruptions or malfunctions (including from circumstances beyond our control) affecting our information systems could cause critical information upon which we rely to be delayed, unreliable, corrupted, insufficient or inaccessible. Any of these potential issues, individually or in aggregation, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We may be unable to successfully manage our online ordering sites. In many markets around the world, we provide online ordering sites to customers, often relying on third parties to host and support the application. The operation of our online business depends on our ability to maintain the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our online order-taking and fulfillment operations. Problems in any one or more of these areas could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could damage our reputation. We may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. A successful cyber-attack could cause serious negative consequences for our company, including the disruption of operations, the misappropriation of confidential business information and trade secrets, and the disclosure of corporate strategic plans. We expect cyber-attacks to continue, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent information security breaches that would result in business, legal or reputational harm to us, or would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We may be unable to adequately protect our customers' privacy or we may fail to comply with privacy laws. The protection of customer, employee and company data is critical and the regulatory environment surrounding information security, storage, use, processing, disclosure and privacy is demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. Any actual or perceived significant breakdown, intrusion, interruption, cyber-attack or corruption of customer, employee or company data or our failure to comply with federal, state, local and foreign privacy laws could result in lost sales, remediation costs, legal liability including severe penalties, regulatory action and reputational harm.