our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency. we may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense reductions and operational and organizational efficiency improvements we expect to result from our regional and operational restructuring initiatives. actual costs to implement these initiatives may exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully implement and execute these initiatives as planned. the implementation of these initiatives may harm our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. our businesses and results of operations may be negatively impacted if we are unable to realize these anticipated expense reductions and efficiency improvements or if implementing these initiatives harms our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. the successful implementation of these initiatives may continue to require us to effect workforce reductions, business rationalizations, systems enhancements, business process outsourcing, business and asset dispositions and acquisitions and other actions, which depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
competition for employees in our industry is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business. our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with demonstrated ability, we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. in addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic actions and organizational and operational changes. losing any of our key people also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees.
item 7 | management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k and other publicly available documents may include, and officers and representatives of aig may from time to time make and discuss, projections, goals, assumptions and statements that may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these projections, goals, assumptions and statements are not historical facts but instead represent only a belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside aig's control. these projections, goals, assumptions and statements include statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as "will," "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "focused on achieving," "view," "target," "goal" or "estimate." these projections, goals, assumptions and statements may relate to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, anticipated organizational, business or regulatory changes, anticipated sales, monetization and/or acquisitions of businesses or assets, or successful integration of acquired businesses, management succession and retention plans, exposure to risk, trends in operations and financial results.
general operating and other expenses declined in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to lower employee related expenses and professional fee reductions pertaining to expense reduction initiatives. the declines were partially offset by an increase in expenses caused by the acquisitions of validus and glatfelter in the third and fourth quarters of 2018, respectively. general operating and other expenses increased in 2018 compared to 2017 due to the acquisition of validus, business growth and continued investments in business platforms. in keeping with our broad and ongoing efforts to transform for long-term competitiveness, general operating and other expenses for 2019, 2018 and 2017 included approximately $218 million, $395 million and $413 million, respectively, of pre-tax restructuring and other costs which were primarily comprised of employee severance charges and other exit costs related to organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business rationalization.