item 1a.   risk factors the following are important factors we have identified that could affect our future results and an investment in our common stock. in addition, from time to time we provide information, including information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, that contains forward-looking statements concerning, among other things, projected financial performance, total addressable market, market and industry sector growth, product development and commercialization or other aspects of future operations. such statements are based on the assumptions and expectations of our management at the time such statements are made. we caution investors that our performance and any forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, the following:
global operational risks adverse economic and geopolitical conditions may impact our operations and financial performance.
our operations and performance depend significantly on global macroeconomic, specific foreign country and u.s. domestic economic conditions. adverse conditions in the macroeconomic environment may result in a decreased demand for our products and services, constrained credit and liquidity, reduced government spending and volatility in equity and foreign exchange markets. in addition, to the extent the global economy experiences a significant downturn or volatility, we may be exposed to impairments of certain assets if their values deteriorate. tighter credit due to economic conditions may diminish our future borrowing ability and increase borrowing costs under our existing credit facilities. customers' ability to pay for our products and services may also be impaired, which could lead to an increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable.
a majority of our business comes from outside the u.s. and our customers supply a wide array of goods and services to most of the world's major economic regions. international revenue represented 57.9%, 60.9% and 61.9% of our total revenue for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. in fiscal year 2019, our largest geographic revenue bases included the u.s., japan, germany and south korea.
if any of the foreign economies in which we do business deteriorates or suffers a period of uncertainty, our business and performance may be negatively impacted through reduced customer and government spending, changes in purchasing cycles or timing, reduced access to credit for our customers, or other factors impacting our international sales and collections. furthermore, customer spending levels in any foreign jurisdiction may be adversely impacted by changes in domestic policies, including tax and trade policies. for example, the united kingdom withdrew from the european union effective as of january 31, 2020 and is now in a period of transition until the end of 2020. we have significant operations in the united kingdom and the european union. it remains unclear as to what the terms of the new relationship between the united kingdom and the european union will be. terms that are disadvantageous to us, including those related to trade, tax and the movement of people across borders could negatively impact our results.
a substantial portion of our license and maintenance revenue is derived from annual lease and maintenance contracts which typically have a high rate of customer renewal. if the rate of renewal for these contracts is adversely affected by economic or other factors, our lease license and maintenance growth will be adversely affected. as a result, our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows may also be adversely impacted during those periods.
we face compliance risk as a result of our international operations and our sales model, including pertaining to anti-corruption and data privacy laws.
the laws with which we need to comply due to our international operations vary from country to country and are subject to frequent change and interpretation. in may 2018, the general data protection regulation (gdpr), which governs data privacy practices within the european economic area (eea), went into effect. the law, which applies to our data processing activities within the eea, as well as the processing of eea citizen data globally, imposes various compliance obligations related to the handling of personal data in the delivery of our products and services and to business operations involving employee data. compliance with the gdpr has and will continue to require deployment of substantial resources and increased costs. if we fail to comply with the gdpr, it may lead to regulatory enforcement actions, which can result in monetary penalties of up to 4% of annual worldwide revenue, private lawsuits, extensive and prescriptive consent decrees or judgments that may require additional resources or expenses for compliance and may cause reputational damage.
in the u.s., california implemented the california consumer protection act (ccpa) as of january 2020, which requires compliance measures similar to those of the gdpr and establishes the first state standard for a comprehensive set of data privacy rights. several other states have proposed data privacy laws that would impose obligations on us with respect to how we collect and use personal data, including customer data. in order to comply with u.s. state laws, as well as any data breach notification laws that vary across states, we may be required to invest in additional resources or tools to manage our data processing activities. if we fail to comply with the requirements of u.s. data privacy and data breach notification laws, we will be subject to state monetary fines, consent decrees issued by the federal trade commission, and possible reputational damage.
our global reach, including within countries considered high-risk environments for public corruption, exposes us to risks associated with violations of anti-bribery laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. we develop and sell software and consulting services and maintain support operations in more than 40 countries whose laws and practices differ from one another and are subject to unexpected changes. managing these geographically diverse operations requires significant attention and resources to ensure compliance. to promote compliance, we forbid our agents and employees from engaging in corrupt behavior and have implemented a compliance plan to prevent and detect violations of anti-corruption laws. there remains, however, a risk that illegal conduct could occur thereby exposing us to the financial and reputational risks associated with a violation of anti-corruption laws.
noncompliance with these regulations could adversely impact our financial results or stock price as well as divert management time and effort.
we are subject to trade restrictions that could impact our ability to sell to customers and result in liability for violations.
due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations that prohibit the shipment or provision of certain products and services to certain countries, governments and persons targeted by the u.s., including the export administration regulations administered by the u.s. bureau of industry and security (bis) and economic and trade sanctions administered by the u.s. treasury department's office of foreign assets control (ofac). during the second quarter of 2019, the bis placed certain entities on the entity list. certain of our existing and prospective customers, including huawei, were included in this list. in addition, restrictions implemented by ofac restrict our ability to sell to some companies in certain countries, such as russia. the entity list and ofac restrictions limit our ability to deliver products and services to these customers and, in the absence of a license, our ability to sell products and services to these customers in the future. the inclusion of companies on the entity list may encourage them to seek substitute products from competitors who are not subject to these restrictions or to develop their own products. we cannot predict whether or when any changes will be made that eliminate or decrease these limitations on our ability to sell products and provide services to these customers. additionally, other customers may continue to be added to the entity list and/or be subjected to trade restrictions. there may be indirect impacts that cannot be quantified, including that our business may also be impacted by other trade restrictions that may be imposed by the u.s., china, or other countries. restrictions on our ability to sell and ship to customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
violators of these export controls may be subject to significant penalties, which may include considerable monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial of export privileges, and suspension or debarment from selling products or services to the federal government. any such penalties could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. in addition, the political and media scrutiny surrounding any governmental investigation could cause significant expense and reputational harm and distract senior executives from managing normal day-to-day operations.
the effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuation may adversely impact our revenue, expenses, cash flows and financial conditions.
as a result of our significant international presence, we have revenue, expenses, cash, accounts receivable and payment obligations denominated in foreign currencies, most notably the british pound, euro, japanese yen, south korean won and indian rupee. our revenue and operating results are adversely affected when the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to foreign currencies and are positively affected when the u.s. dollar weakens relative to foreign currencies. if the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, certain channel partners who pay us in u.s. dollars may have trouble paying on time or may have trouble distributing our products due to the impact of the currency exchange fluctuation on such channel partner's cash flows. this may impact our ability to distribute our products into certain regions and markets.
we seek to reduce our currency exchange transaction risks primarily through our normal operating and treasury activities, including derivative instruments, but there can be no assurance that these activities will be successful in reducing these risks. in addition, we incur transaction fees in the usage of such derivative instruments. changes in currency exchange rates will affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
a natural disaster or catastrophic event may disrupt our business.
a significant portion of our software development personnel, source code and computer equipment is located at operating facilities in the u.s., canada, india, japan and throughout europe. the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unforeseen catastrophe at any of these facilities could cause disruptions to our operations, services and product development activities. additionally, if we experience problems that impair our business infrastructure, such as a computer virus, telephone system failure or an intentional disruption of our information technology systems by a third party, these disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and the ability to meet financial reporting deadlines. further, because our sales are not generally consistent across quarterly periods, the potential adverse effects resulting from any of the events described above or any other disruption of our business could be accentuated if they occur close to the end of a fiscal quarter.
in addition, our business could be adversely affected by the effects of a widespread outbreak of contagious disease, including the recent outbreak of respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus first identified in wuhan, hubei province, china. any outbreak of contagious diseases, and other adverse public health developments, may cause us or our customers to temporarily suspend operations in the affected city or country. in addition, a significant outbreak of contagious diseases in the human population could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect demand for our products, our ability to collect against existing trade receivables and our operating results.
industry operational risks our industry is highly competitive, which could result in downward pressure on our prices.
we continue to experience competition across all markets for our products and services. some of our current and potential competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do, and some have well-established relationships with our current and potential customers. our current and potential competitors also include firms that have competed, or may in the future compete, by means of open source licensing. companies we have, or could have, strategic alliances with could reduce or discontinue technical, software development and marketing relationships with us for competitive purposes. if our competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or services, or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable, we may need to lower prices or offer discounts or other favorable terms in order to compete successfully. our maintenance products, which include software license updates and product support fees, are generally priced as a percentage of new software license fees. our competitors may offer lower percentage pricing on product updates and support. some competitors may bundle software products for promotional purposes or as a long-term pricing strategy or provide guarantees of prices, product implementations or wider geographical license usage provisions. any of these practices could, over time, significantly constrain the prices that we can charge for certain products.
furthermore, if we do not adapt pricing models to reflect changes in customer usage of our products or changes in customer demand, our new software license revenues could decrease. additionally, increased distribution of applications through application service providers, including software-as-a-service providers, may reduce the average price of our products or adversely affect other sales of our products, reducing new software license revenues unless we can offset price reductions with volume increases.
these competitive pressures may result in decreased sales volumes, price reductions and/or increased operating costs, and could result in lower revenues, margins and net income.
we may not be successful in developing and marketing new products to adequately address the rapidly changing technology industry.
we operate in an industry generally characterized by rapidly changing technology and frequent new product introductions, which can render existing products obsolete or unmarketable. a major factor in our future success will be our ability to anticipate technological changes and to develop and introduce, in a timely manner, new products to meet those changes. our ability to grow revenue will be dependent on our ability to respond to customer needs in the areas of, among others, 5g, autonomous vehicles, industrial internet of things (iiot) and electrification, and to leverage cloud computing and new computing platforms. in addition, our future success may depend on our ability to continue to develop a systems integrator ecosystem able to handle integrations and process and application development to address the challenge of the increasingly complex integration of our products' different functionalities to address customers' requirements. in addition, for those customers who authorize a third-party technology partner to access their data, we do not provide any warranty related to the functionality, security and integrity of the data transmission or processing. despite contract provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to support and provide warranties for the third-party applications, integrations, data and content, even though not developed or sold by us, which may expose us to potential claims, liabilities and obligations, all of which could harm our business.
we devote substantial resources to research and development, which could cause our operating results to decline.
we devote substantial resources to research and development. new competitors, technological advances in the software development industry by us or our competitors, acquisitions, entry into new markets, or other competitive factors may require us to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated. if we are required to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated without a corresponding increase in revenue, operating results could decline. in addition, our periodic research and development expenses may be independent of our level of revenue, which could negatively impact financial results.
there can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing and marketing, on a timely basis, new products or product enhancements or that the new products will adequately address the changing needs of the marketplace or that we will successfully manage the transition from existing products. software products as complex as those we offer may contain undetected errors when first introduced, or as new versions are released, and the likelihood of errors is increased as a result of our commitment to the frequency of product releases. there can be no assurance that errors will not be found in any new or enhanced products after the commencement of commercial shipments. certain products require a higher level of sales and support expertise. failure of our sales channel, particularly the independent channel partners, to obtain this expertise and to sell the new product offerings effectively could have an adverse impact on our sales in future periods. any of these problems may result in the loss of or delay in customer acceptance, diversion of development resources, damage to our reputation, or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
consolidation among our customers as well as our industry competitors may negatively impact our operating results.
there have been consolidations among our customers in the semiconductor, electronics and automotive industries, among others. this may result in the newly combined entity wanting the most favorable pricing from the former contracts and expecting larger volume discounts on future purchases. if a customer is acquired by an entity that does not utilize our products in favor of a competing product, we may not have future orders from the enterprise. further, consolidation of our competitors may result in synergies that allow those competitors to benefit from broader sales channels and increased access to capital. any of these impacts could adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the price of our common stock is subject to volatility.
the market price of securities of software companies is subject to significant fluctuations. the valuation and trading price of our common stock may not be predictable. factors that may adversely impact our share price include our failure to meet analyst expectations, reduced expectations regarding financial outlook, increases in our debt levels, changes in management or our material announcements or those of our competitors. in addition, volatility could result from causes that are unrelated to our operating performance such as conditions in the financial markets or the software industry generally.
company operational risks we are dependent upon our channel partners for a significant percentage of our revenue.
we distribute our products through a global network of independent channel partners, which accounted for 22.9%, 22.4% and 24.8% of our revenue during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. channel partners sell our software products to new and existing customers, expand installations within the existing customer base, offer consulting services and provide the first line of technical support. in asia-pacific and emea, we are highly dependent upon our channel partners. difficulties in ongoing relationships with channel partners, such as failure to meet performance criteria and differences in handling customer relationships, could adversely affect our performance. additionally, the loss of any major channel partner, including a channel partner's decision to sell competing products rather than ours, could result in reduced revenue. moreover, our future success will depend substantially on the ability and willingness of our channel partners to dedicate the resources necessary to promote our portfolio of products and to support a larger installed base within each of our geographic regions. if the channel partners are unable or unwilling to do so, we may be unable to sustain revenue growth.
we have been increasing the number of channel partners, particularly in international locations. the business relationships with these channel partners are recently established and could result in additional compliance burdens for us. in addition, these partners have a less-established payment history and revenue from these partners could come with a higher rate of bad debt expense. where channel partners operate on our behalf to collect and process personal data of customer contacts, failure to comply with relevant data privacy laws in the handling of such personal data could result in our liability for any fines, civil suits or non-financial performance obligations imposed by regulatory authorities on these partners with respect to our customer data.
we may not be able to realize the potential benefit of our acquisitions and such acquisitions could pose risks to our business.
we consummate acquisitions to support our long-term strategic direction. we have completed a number of acquisitions in recent years, and in 2019 we acquired granta design, helic, dfr solutions, lst and dynardo.
any acquisitions that we complete may present risks, including: difficulty in integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures and operations of the companies or businesses; failing to achieve anticipated synergies, revenue increases or cost savings; difficulty incorporating and integrating the acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines; difficulty with sales, distribution and marketing functions; failure to develop new products and services that utilize the technologies and resources of the companies; disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management's attention to transition or integration issues; liabilities that were not identified during the buying process; the loss of our key employees, customers, partners and channel partners or those of the acquired company; and cybersecurity and data privacy risks, including any liabilities for failure to comply with data privacy laws and obligations for collection, use and retention of personal data.
future acquisitions may involve the expenditure of significant cash resources; the incurrence of debt, which increases our interest expense and leverage; or the issuance of equity, which is dilutive to stockholders and may decrease earnings per share.
we allocate a portion of the purchase price to goodwill and intangible assets. if we do not recognize all the economic benefits of an acquisition, there could be an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets. furthermore, impairment charges are generally not tax-deductible and will result in an increased effective income tax rate in the period the impairment is recorded.
if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by our management or the financial and industry analysts, there could be a material adverse effect on our stock price, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. where customer contacts and leads are a significant consideration in the purchase price or expected financial outcome of an acquisition, failure to identify or mitigate data privacy concerns with the collection, use and retention of personal data may adversely impact our ability to use this information as anticipated and regulatory obligations may require that we delete all or a portion of the database, or take additional remediation measures before use. this may impact the value of the acquisition or reduce forecasted sales.
the implementation of a new crm system may not achieve the corporate benefits initially identified in the anticipated time frame or at all.
we are in the process of implementing new functionality in our existing customer relationship management (crm) system. while this system is anticipated to simplify the demand generation, sales cycle, order processing and customer service activities, there is a risk that the project will not achieve the anticipated benefits or that the benefits will not be achieved as quickly as anticipated. there is also a risk that we will have to write off previously capitalized expenditures if the project is not successful or if implementation decisions regarding the project are modified. the project implementation timeline and scope may change and become longer and broader as new facets of the design and implementation efforts are undertaken. this may take the attention of key operational management away from other aspects of the business, including the integration of acquisitions, and may also result in increased consulting and software costs. these factors may have a significant negative impact on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows and reputation.
if we are unable to attract and retain key talent, our business could be adversely affected.
our success depends upon the continued service of our senior executives and our key technical and sales employees. each of our executive officers and key technical personnel could terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. the loss of any of our senior executives or key personnel for which there has not been adequate knowledge-sharing and transfer might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives and could materially harm our business and customer relationships.
in addition, because of the highly technical nature of our products and services, we must attract and retain highly skilled engineering and development personnel. the market for this talent is highly competitive and we have difficulty filling these roles for this reason. while we have historically recruited from outside of the u.s., in recent years our ability to do so has been curbed by more restrictive domestic immigration laws. if the immigration laws become even stricter or the processing of immigration requests becomes even more cumbersome or less efficient, or if we have less success in recruiting and retaining key personnel, our business, reputation and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
we may be subject to proceedings that could harm our business.
we are subject to various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including commercial disputes, labor and employment matters, tax audits and litigations, alleged infringement of intellectual property rights and other matters. use or distribution of our products could generate product liability, regulatory infraction, or similar claims by our customers, end users, channel partners, government entities or other third parties. sales and marketing activities that impact processing of personal data, as well as measures taken to ensure license compliance, may also result in claims by customers and individual employees of customers. each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position, as well as cause damage to our reputation.
we may not be able to continue to obtain licenses to third-party software and intellectual property on reasonable terms or at all, which may disrupt our business and harm our financial results.
we license third-party software and other intellectual property for use in product research and development and, in several instances, for inclusion in our products. we also license third-party software, including the software of our competitors, to test the interoperability of our products with other industry products and in connection with our professional services. these licenses may need to be renegotiated or renewed from time to time, or we may need to obtain new licenses in the future. third parties may stop adequately supporting or maintaining their technology, or they or their technology may be acquired by our competitors. if we are unable to obtain licenses to such third-party software and intellectual property on reasonable terms or at all, we may not be able to sell the affected products, our customers' use of the products may be interrupted, or our product development processes and professional services offerings may be disrupted, which could in turn harm our financial results, our customers' ability to utilize our software, and our reputation.
we may suffer reputational or financial harm if we have product standard or quality issues.
we have separate quality systems and registrations under the iso 9001:2015 standard in addition to other governmental and industrial regulations. our continued compliance with quality standards and favorable outcomes in periodic examinations is important to retain current customers and vital to procure new sales. if it was determined that we were not in compliance with various regulatory or iso 9001 standards, our certificates of registration could be suspended, requiring remedial action and a time-consuming re-registration process. product quality issues or failures could result in our reputation becoming diminished, resulting in a material adverse impact on revenue, operating margins, net income, financial position and cash flows.
our short-term and long-term sales forecast may not be accurate which could result in an adverse impact on our business.
the software business is generally characterized by long sales cycles. these long sales cycles increase the difficulty of predicting sales for any particular quarter. many operational and strategic decisions are based upon short- and long-term sales forecasts. our sales personnel continually monitor the status of proposals, including the estimated closing date and the value of the sale, in order to forecast quarterly sales. these forecasts are subject to significant estimation and are impacted by many external factors, including global economic conditions and the performance of our customers. a variation in actual sales activity from that forecasted could cause us to plan or budget incorrectly and, therefore, could adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. management also forecasts macroeconomic trends and developments and integrates them through long-range planning into budgets, research and development strategies and a wide variety of general management duties. global economic conditions, and the effect those conditions and any disruptions in global markets have on our customers, may have a significant impact on the accuracy of our sales forecasts. these conditions may increase the likelihood or the magnitude of variations between actual sales activity and our sales forecasts and, as a result, our performance may be hindered because of a failure to properly match corporate strategy with economic conditions. this, in turn, may adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. to the extent our forecasts are incorrect and, as a result, we fail to meet analyst expectations regarding financial performance or miss or reduce the financial guidance we give to investors, our share price may be adversely impacted.
intellectual property and cybersecurity risks our success is highly dependent upon the legal protection of our proprietary technology.
we primarily rely upon contracts and copyright, patent, trademark and trade secrets laws to protect our technology. we maintain intellectual property programs, including applying for patents, registering trademarks and copyrights, protecting trade secrets, entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees and channel partners, and limiting access to and distribution of our software, documentation and other proprietary information. however, software programs are particularly prone to piracy, which is a global phenomenon, and as a result we may lose revenue from the distribution of unlicensed software. additionally, patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection do not provide the same coverage in every country in which we sell our products and services. policing the unauthorized distribution and use of our products is difficult, and software piracy (including online piracy) is a persistent problem. while we continue to develop better mechanisms to detect and report or investigate unauthorized use of our software, we are also constrained by data privacy laws that restrict our ability to collect data about unlawful usage in some countries. we cannot assure that the steps we take to protect our proprietary technology are adequate to prevent misappropriation of our software by third parties, or that third parties will not be able to develop similar technology independently. despite our efforts to prevent such activities, we may nonetheless lose significant revenue due to illegal use of our software.
costly and time-consuming litigation would be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of trade secret rights and related confidentiality and nondisclosure provisions across our contractual agreements and partnerships. while we are not aware that any of our technology infringes upon the rights of third parties, there can be no assurance that other parties will not assert technology infringement claims against us, or that, if asserted, such claims will not prevail. any such litigation could be costly to defend, damage our reputation, and distract our employees from their daily work. any successful infringement claims asserted against us could require us to develop technology workarounds for the impacted products or product development, which could be costly, disrupt product development, and delay go-to-market activities. such disruption and delay could negatively impact our financial results.
while we undertake commercially reasonable efforts to maintain and improve the security and integrity of our products, source code, computer systems and data with respect to the relative sensitivity of such software, systems and data, the number of computer "hackers" developing and deploying destructive software programs that attack our products and computer systems continues to increase. we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to enhance our cybersecurity efforts. because the tactics and tools used to obtain unauthorized access to networks or to sabotage systems are constantly evolving, we may be unable to implement adequate preventive measures. such an attack could disrupt the proper functioning of our products, cause errors in the output of our customers' work, or allow unauthorized access to and disclosure of our sensitive, proprietary or confidential information or that of our customers and employees. in the event of a serious breach of our products or systems, or where a breach occurs due to our failure to implement reasonable and appropriate safeguards, our reputation may suffer, customers may stop buying products or may terminate current services, we could face lawsuits and potential civil liability, as well as regulatory fines and non-financial penalties for any personal data breach, and our financial performance could be negatively impacted.
there is also a danger of industrial espionage, cyberattacks, misuse, theft of information or assets (including source code), or damage to assets by people who have gained unauthorized access to our facilities, systems or information. this includes access to systems or information through email phishing attacks on our employees which has become a very prevalent technique used against companies, often delaying detection through increasingly complex practices. the objective of these attacks is often to acquire user account credentials in order to access other computer systems through linked accounts or where users have recycled passwords across systems.
inadequate security practices or inadvertent acts or omissions by our employees and partners may also result in unauthorized access to our data. employees or third parties may also intentionally compromise our or our customers' security or systems. such cybersecurity breaches, misuse of data or other disruptions could lead to loss of or unauthorized disclosure of our source code or other confidential information, unlicensed use and distribution of our products without compensation, illegal use of our products that could jeopardize the security of customer information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems, and theft, manipulation and destruction of proprietary data, resulting in defective products, performance downtimes and possible violation of export laws and other regulatory compliance requirements. although we actively employ measures to combat such activities, preventing unauthorized access to our systems and data is inherently difficult. in addition, litigation to either pursue our legal rights or defend any claims against us could be costly and time-consuming and may divert management's attention and adversely affect the market's perception of us and our products.
we have experienced targeted and non-targeted cybersecurity attacks and incidents in the past that have resulted in unauthorized persons gaining access to our information and systems, and we could in the future experience similar attacks. to date, no cybersecurity incident or attack has had a material impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
a number of our core processes, such as software development, sales and marketing, customer service and financial transactions, rely on it infrastructure and applications. we also rely on third-party service providers and products, which are exposed to various security vulnerabilities outside of our control. malicious software, sabotage and other cybersecurity breaches of the types discussed above could cause an outage of our infrastructure, which could cause short-term disruption in operations or, in the event of a longer disruption, lead to a substantial denial of service to our customers and ultimately to production downtime, recovery costs and customer claims for breach of contract, as well as reputational damage and impact to employee morale and productivity.
we rely on service providers for infrastructure and cloud-based products.
we use a number of third-party service providers for key components of our infrastructure, particularly with respect to development and delivery of our cloud-based products. the utilization of these service providers gives us greater flexibility in efficiently delivering a more tailored, scalable customer experience but also exposes us to additional risks and vulnerabilities. those of our products and services that depend upon hosted components delivered by third parties are vulnerable to security risks inherent in web-based technologies, including greater risk of unauthorized access to or use of customers' protected data. interception of data transmission, misappropriation or modification of data, corruption of data and attacks by bad actors against our service providers may also adversely affect our products or product and service delivery. malicious code, viruses or vulnerabilities that are undetected by our service providers may disrupt our business operations generally and may have a disproportionate effect on those of our products that are developed and delivered in the cloud environment. these risks, though largely outside our control, may impact customer perception of our products, service and support, and may damage our brand. while we devote resources to maintaining the security and integrity of our products and systems, as well as ensuring adequate due diligence for our third-party service providers, cloud security and reliability is inherently challenging. in the event of a material breach of data hosted by our service providers or a serious security incident on behalf of, caused by or experienced by a service provider, we may experience significant operational and technical difficulties, loss of data including customer data, diminished competitive position or reputation, and loss of customer engagement, which could result in civil liabilities and a negative impact to financial performance.
financial risks our revenue is subject to increased volatility due to the adoption of a new revenue recognition accounting standard on january 1, 2018.
in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) (asu 2014-09). we adopted asu 2014-09 and its related amendments (collectively known as accounting standards codification (asc) 606) on january 1, 2018 which significantly impacted the timing, allocation and presentation of our lease license, perpetual license and maintenance revenue. under previous revenue guidance, revenue was recognized ratably from the sale of software lease licenses and software maintenance subscriptions. however, under asc 606, the license component of lease revenue is recognized up front. the post-contract support portion of lease license contracts continues to be recognized over the contract term, but it is now allocated to maintenance and service revenue.
we continue to sell perpetual licenses that involve the payment of a single, upfront fee. historically, these licenses have been more typical in the computer software industry and remain as the preferred licensing approach in certain markets. the revenue associated with perpetual licenses continues to be recognized up front, consistent with prior revenue guidance.
the adoption of this revenue recognition guidance, coupled with our continued sales of perpetual licenses, creates the likelihood for software license revenue volatility to increase across periods, particularly as compared to our results under the previous revenue recognition standard. our revenue in any period will depend significantly on sales contracts completed during that period.
changes in existing financial accounting standards could adversely impact our financial results and operations.
changes in existing accounting rules or practices, new accounting pronouncements, or varying interpretations of current accounting pronouncements could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations or the manner in which we conduct our business.
in addition, we could incur significant costs for changes to our business systems, processes and internal controls as a result of the transition. these costs could have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. the transition could also cause management to divert time from day-to-day operations, which could impact our business. if we are unable to successfully transition our business systems, processes and internal controls before the guidance effective date, it could impact our ability to meet financial reporting deadlines. for further information on the impact of recently issued accounting guidance, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
changes to tax laws, variable tax estimates and tax authority audits could impact our financial results and operations.
our operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the u.s. and in multiple foreign jurisdictions. a change in the tax law in the jurisdictions in which we do business, including an increase in tax rates, an adverse change in the treatment of an item of income or expense, or a decrease in tax rates in a jurisdiction in which we have significant deferred tax assets, could result in a material increase in tax expense. furthermore, we have recorded significant deferred tax liabilities related to acquired intangible assets that are not deductible for tax purposes. these deferred tax liabilities are based on future statutory tax rates in the locations in which the intangible assets are recorded. any future changes in statutory tax rates would be recorded as an adjustment to the deferred tax liabilities in the period the change is announced and could have a material impact on our effective tax rate during that period.
we also make significant estimates in determining our worldwide income tax provision. these estimates involve complex tax regulations in many jurisdictions and are subject to many transactions and calculations in which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. the outcome of tax matters could be different than the estimates reflected in the historical income tax provision and related accruals. such differences could have a material impact on income tax expense and net income in the periods in which such determinations are made.
the amount of income tax we pay is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. these audits can result in additional assessments, including interest and penalties. our estimates for liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions is highly judgmental and actual future outcomes may result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities, including estimates for uncertain tax positions, in the period the assessments are made or resolved, audits are closed or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire. as a result, our effective tax rate may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly or annual basis.
our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in connection with our acquisition of lst, we borrowed $500.0 million under a term loan facility which matures on november 1, 2024. we also have access to a $500.0 million revolving credit facility, which includes a $50.0 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. the credit agreement governing these loans contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. the credit agreement also contains a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio of indebtedness to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization not exceeding 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of any fiscal quarter (for the four-quarter period ending on such date) with an opportunity for a temporary increase in such consolidated leverage ratio to 4.00 to 1.00 upon the consummation of certain qualified acquisitions for which the aggregate consideration is at least $250.0 million.
notwithstanding the limits contained in the credit agreement governing our credit facility, we may be able to incur substantial additional debt from time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, investments or acquisitions, or for other purposes. if we do so, the risks related to our level of debt could intensify. specifically, our level of debt could:
•   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations and other ongoing business obligations, which may result in defaults;
•   result in an event of default if we fail to comply with the financial and other covenants contained in the agreement governing our debt, which could result in all of our debt becoming immediately due and payable or require us to negotiate an amendment to financial or other covenants that could cause us to incur additional fees and expenses;
•   limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements;
•   reduce the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•   increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under the credit facility, are at variable rates of interest;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, and increasing our vulnerability to, changes in our business, the industries in which we operate, and the overall economy;
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors; and
•   increase our cost of borrowing.
any of the above-listed factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt agreements.
furthermore, borrowings under the credit agreement use the london interbank offering rate (libor) as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. libor has been the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform, and the financial industry is currently transitioning away from libor as a benchmark for the interbank lending market. the consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted but could include an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview overall gaap and non-gaap results our growth rates of gaap and non-gaap results for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 were as follows:
operating income               8.1   %                12.0       %
we experienced higher revenue during the year ended december 31, 2019 from double-digit growth in lease licenses, maintenance and service, partially driven by contributions from our recent acquisitions. we also experienced increased operating expenses primarily due to increased personnel costs, higher stock-based compensation and additional operating expenses related to acquisitions, partially offset by a reduction in expenses due to a stronger u.s. dollar.
the non-gaap results exclude the income statement effects of the acquisition accounting adjustments to deferred revenue, stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets, transaction costs related to business combinations, and adjustments related to the transition tax associated with the tax cuts and jobs act. for further disclosure regarding non-gaap results, see the section titled "non-gaap results" immediately preceding the section titled "liquidity and capital resources."
impact of foreign currency our comparative financial results were impacted by fluctuations in the u.s. dollar during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. the impacts on our revenue and operating income due to currency fluctuations are reflected in the table below. amounts in brackets indicate an adverse impact from currency fluctuations.
operating income   $(10,213      )             $(11,062      )
in constant currency, our growth rates were as follows:
operating income   10.2    %                13.8   %
constant currency amounts exclude the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on the reported results. to present this information, the 2019 results for entities whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar were converted to u.s. dollars at rates that were in effect for the 2018 comparable period, rather than the actual exchange rates in effect for 2019. constant currency growth rates are calculated by adjusting the 2019 reported revenue and operating income amounts by the 2019 currency fluctuation impacts and comparing to the 2018 comparable period reported revenue and operating income amounts.
other financial information our financial position includes $872.4 million in cash and short-term investments, and working capital of $860.3 million as of december 31, 2019.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we repurchased 0.3 million shares for $59.1 million at an average price of $179.41 per share under our stock repurchase program.
business ansys, a delaware corporation formed in 1994, develops and globally markets engineering simulation software and services widely used by engineers, designers, researchers and students across a broad spectrum of industries and academia, including aerospace and defense, automotive, electronics, semiconductors, energy, materials and chemical processing, turbomachinery, consumer products, healthcare, and sports. headquartered south of pittsburgh, pennsylvania, we employed approximately 4,100 people as of december 31, 2019. we focus on the development of open and flexible solutions that enable users to analyze designs directly on the desktop, providing a common platform for fast, efficient and cost-conscious product development, from design concept to final-stage testing and validation. we distribute our suite of simulation technologies through a global network of independent resellers and distributors (collectively, channel partners) and direct sales offices in strategic, global locations. it is our intention to continue to maintain this hybrid sales and distribution model.
we license our technology to businesses, educational institutions and governmental agencies. growth in our revenue is affected by the strength of global economies, general business conditions, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer budgetary constraints and the competitive position of our products. please see part i. item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k for a complete discussion of factors that might impact our financial condition and operating results. we believe that the features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of our software products are as strong as they have ever been. however, the software business is generally characterized by long sales cycles. these long sales cycles increase the difficulty of predicting sales for any particular quarter. we make many operational and strategic decisions based upon short- and long-term sales forecasts that are impacted not only by these long sales cycles, but also by current global economic conditions. as a result, we believe that our overall performance is best measured by fiscal year results rather than by quarterly results. please see the sub-section entitled "financial risks" under part i. item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k for additional discussion of the potential impact of our sales forecasts on our financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
management considers the competition and price pressure that it faces in the short- and long-term by focusing on expanding the breadth, depth, ease of use and quality of the technologies, features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of our software products as compared to our competitors; investing in research and development to develop new and innovative products and increase the capabilities of our existing products; supplying new products and services; focusing on customer needs, training, consulting and support; and enhancing our distribution channels. we also consider acquisitions to supplement our global engineering talent, product offerings and distribution channels.
geographic trends the following table presents our geographic constant currency revenue growth during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018:
we continue to focus on a number of sales improvement activities across the geographic regions, including sales hiring, pipeline building, productivity initiatives and customer engagement activities.
as trade tensions between the u.s. and china continue, as well as the uncertainty around china's ability to control the coronavirus outbreak, our ability to sell and ship our products to certain customers and our ability to collect against existing trade receivables may be further restricted and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. for additional details, refer to part i. item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k.
our three largest industries - high-tech, automotive, and aerospace and defense (a&d) - remained strong throughout 2019. the high-tech industry was positively impacted by companies' investments in 5g and smart connected products. the automotive industry continued its momentum due to continued investments by our customers to capture the disruptive mobility trends of autonomy and electrification. defense spending continued to support growth in the aerospace and defense industry.
acquisitions on november 1, 2019, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares of lst, the premier provider of explicit dynamics and other advanced finite element analysis technology, for a purchase price of $777.8 million. the acquisition empowers our customers to solve a new class of engineering challenges, including developing safer automobiles, aircraft and trains while reducing or even eliminating the need for costly physical testing.
on february 1, 2019, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares of granta design, the premier provider of materials information technology, for a purchase price of $208.7 million. the acquisition expands our portfolio into this important area, giving customers access to materials intelligence, including data that is critical to successful simulations.
additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2019, we acquired dynardo, helic and dfr solutions to combine the acquired technologies with our existing comprehensive multiphysics portfolio. these acquisitions were not individually significant. the combined purchase price of these acquisitions was $136.2 million.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares of optis, a premier provider of software for scientific simulation of light, human vision and physics-based visualization, for a purchase price of $291.0 million. the acquisition extended our portfolio into the area of optical simulation to provide comprehensive sensor solutions, covering visible and infrared light, electromagnetics and acoustics for camera, radar and lidar.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, we completed various acquisitions to expand our customer base and accelerate the development of new and innovative products to the marketplace while lowering design and engineering costs for customers. the acquisitions were not individually significant. the combined purchase price of the acquisitions was approximately $67.0 million.
for further information on our business combinations during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations for purposes of the following discussion and analysis, the table below sets forth certain consolidated financial data for the years 2019, 2018 and 2017. the operating results of our acquisitions have been included in the results of operations since their respective acquisition dates.
software licenses                            $699,630                $576,717                $624,964
maintenance and service                       816,262                 716,919                 470,286
cost of sales:
software licenses                              23,944                  18,619                  34,421
maintenance and service                       120,619                 110,232                  78,949
total cost of sales                           166,273                 155,885                 150,164
gross profit                                1,349,619               1,137,751                 945,086
operating expenses:
research and development                      298,210                 233,802                 202,746
total operating expenses                      834,579                 661,177                 554,358
operating income                              515,040                 476,574                 390,728
effective january 1, 2018, we adopted new guidance on revenue recognition. we elected to adopt the change in accounting principle using the modified retrospective approach. results for reporting periods beginning after january 1, 2018 are presented under the new guidance, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with previous guidance. for further information, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
year ended december 31,                                                          change
software licenses                          699,630                     576,717             122,913             21.3                 23.1
maintenance                                760,574                     676,883              83,691             12.4                 14.3
service                                     55,688                      40,036              15,652             39.1                 41.5
maintenance and service                    816,262                     716,919              99,343             13.9                 15.8
our revenue in the year ended december 31, 2019 increased 17.2% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, or 19.0% in constant currency. the growth rate was favorably impacted by our continued investments in our global sales, support and marketing organizations, as well as our 2019 and 2018 acquisitions which contributed incremental revenue of $72.9 million. lease license revenue increased 47.3%, or 49.4% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, driven primarily by an increase in multi-year lease contracts. annual maintenance contracts that were sold with new perpetual licenses, maintenance contracts for new perpetual licenses sold in previous years and the maintenance portion of lease license contracts each contributed to maintenance revenue growth of 12.4%, or 14.3% in constant currency. service revenue, driven primarily by a focus on service offerings that provide on-site mentorship on simulation best practices, training and expanding simulation adoption, increased 39.1%, or 41.5% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. perpetual license revenue, which is derived primarily from new sales during the year ended december 31, 2019, decreased 2.5%, or 1.1% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
we continue to experience increased interest by some of our larger customers in enterprise agreements that often include longer-term, time-based licenses involving a larger number of our software products. while these arrangements typically involve a higher overall transaction price, the upfront recognition of license revenue related to these larger, multi-year transactions can result in significantly higher lease license revenue and corresponding revenue growth volatility. as software products, across a large variety of applications and industries, become increasingly distributed in software-as-a-service, cloud and other subscription environments in which the licensing approach is time-based rather than perpetual, we are also experiencing a shifting preference from perpetual licenses to time-based licenses across a broader spectrum of our customers.
with respect to revenue, on average for the year ended december 31, 2019, the u.s. dollar was approximately 3.3% stronger, when measured against our primary foreign currencies, than for the year ended december 31, 2018. the table below presents the impacts of currency fluctuations on revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019. amounts in brackets indicate an adverse impact from currency fluctuations.
the net overall stronger u.s. dollar also resulted in decreased operating income of $10.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
as a percentage of revenue, our international and domestic revenues, and our direct and indirect revenues, were as follows:
in valuing deferred revenue on the balance sheets of our recent acquisitions as of their respective acquisition dates, we applied the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, resulting in a reduction of deferred revenue as compared to the historical carrying amount. as a result, our post-acquisition revenue will be less than the sum of what would have otherwise been reported by us and each acquiree absent the acquisitions. the impacts on reported revenue were $12.5 million and $9.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the expected impacts on reported revenue are $3.9 million and $8.0 million for the quarter ending march 31, 2020 and the year ending december 31, 2020, respectively.
cost of sales and operating expenses:
the tables below reflect our operating results as presented on the consolidated statements of income, which are inclusive of foreign currency translation impacts. amounts included in the discussions that follow each table are provided in constant currency and are inclusive of costs related to our acquisitions. the impact of foreign exchange translation is discussed separately, where material. the 2019 and 2018 acquisitions contributed $54.7 million to the overall increase in cost of sales and operating expenses with the most significant contributions from the optis (may 2, 2018) and granta design (february 1, 2019) acquisitions of $17.3 million and $18.9 million, respectively.
2019                                                                                                 2018                                            change
(in thousands, except percentages)               amount        % ofrevenue                    amount        % ofrevenue                 amount                %
cost of sales:
software licenses                          $23,944                     1.6              $18,619                     1.4            $5,325              28.6
maintenance and service                    120,619                     8.0              110,232                     8.5            10,387               9.4
total cost of sales                        166,273                    11.0              155,885                    12.1            10,388               6.7
gross profit                            $1,349,619                    89.0           $1,137,751                    87.9          $211,868              18.6
software licenses: the increase in the cost of software licenses was primarily due to increased third-party royalties of $5.6 million.
amortization: the net decrease in amortization expense was primarily due to a decrease in the amortization of trade names and acquired technology due to assets that became fully amortized, which was partially offset by the amortization of newly acquired intangible assets.
maintenance and service: the net increase in maintenance and service costs was primarily due to the following:
•   increased salaries of $4.0 million.
•   increased stock-based compensation of $3.3 million.
•   increased consulting costs of $1.7 million.
•   increased it maintenance and software hosting costs of $1.3 million.
•   decreased costs related to foreign exchange translation of $2.0 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar.
the improvement in gross profit was a result of the increase in revenue, partially offset by the increase in the related cost of sales.
2019                                                                                              2018                                    change
(in thousands, except percentages)              amount        % ofrevenue                  amount        % ofrevenue                 amount         %
operating expenses:
research and development                  298,210                    19.7            233,802                    18.1            64,408           27.5
total operating expenses                 $834,579                    55.1           $661,177                    51.1          $173,402           26.2
•   increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $63.7 million.
•   increased stock-based compensation of $13.5 million.
•   increased business travel of $6.5 million.
•   increased marketing expenses of $5.4 million.
•   increased professional fees of $4.5 million.
•   increased consulting costs of $4.2 million.
•   decreased costs related to foreign exchange translation of $7.1 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar.
we anticipate that we will continue to make targeted investments in our global sales and marketing organizations and our global business infrastructure to enhance and support our revenue-generating activities.
research and development: the increase in research and development costs was primarily due to the following:
•   increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $41.1 million.
•   increased stock-based compensation of $16.0 million.
we have traditionally invested significant resources in research and development activities and intend to continue to make investments in expanding the ease of use and capabilities of our broad portfolio of simulation software products.
interest income: interest income for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $12.8 million as compared to $11.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. interest income increased as a result of an increase in the average rate of return on invested cash balances.
interest expense: interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $3.5 million as compared to $0.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. interest expense increased as a result of the interest incurred on debt financing obtained in fiscal year 2019.
other expense, net: our other expense consisted of the following:
the decrease in the effective tax rate from the prior year was primarily due to $6.7 million of benefit related to the release of valuation allowance in a foreign jurisdiction and $1.8 million of benefit related to transition tax recorded in 2019. these benefits are offset by $6.7 million of benefit recorded in 2018 related to global legal entity restructuring activities that did not recur in 2019.
when compared to the federal and state combined statutory rate for each respective period, the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 were favorably impacted by tax benefits from stock-based compensation, the foreign-derived intangible income deduction, and research and development credits.
year ended december 31,                                                           change
software licenses                          576,717                     624,964             (48,247    )         (7.7   )             (8.5           )
maintenance                                676,883                     440,428             236,455              53.7                 51.6
service                                     40,036                      29,858              10,178              34.1                 33.1
maintenance and service                    716,919                     470,286             246,633              52.4                 50.4
the adoption of asc 606 significantly impacted the timing, allocation and presentation of lease license, perpetual license and maintenance revenue. for further information about this adoption, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
for purposes of comparability, the changes in the following table and the related discussion that follows are presented in accordance with asc 605.
year ended december 31,                                                  change
software licenses                          676,846                     624,964              51,882            8.3                        7.2
maintenance                                499,510                     440,428              59,082           13.4                       11.6
service                                     40,113                      29,858              10,255           34.3                       33.4
maintenance and service                    539,623                     470,286              69,337           14.7                       13.0
our asc 605 revenue in the year ended december 31, 2018 increased 11.1% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, while revenue grew 9.7% in constant currency. the growth rate was favorably impacted by our continued investments in our global sales, support and marketing organizations; continued progress with market segmentation and go-to-market adjustments; and the may 2018 acquisition of optis. lease license revenue increased 11.8%, or 10.7% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. perpetual license revenue, which is derived primarily from new sales during the year, increased 3.0%, or 2.0% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. annual maintenance contracts that were sold with new perpetual licenses, along with maintenance contracts for perpetual licenses sold in previous years, contributed to maintenance revenue growth of 13.4%, or 11.6% in constant currency. service revenue, driven primarily by a focus on service offerings that provide on-site mentorship on simulation best practices, training and expanding simulation adoption, increased 34.3%, or 33.4% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017.
with respect to revenue, on average for the year ended december 31, 2018, the u.s. dollar was approximately 2.3% weaker and 2.6% weaker, when measured against our primary foreign currencies, than for the year ended december 31, 2017 under asc 606 and asc 605, respectively. the table below presents the impacts of currency fluctuations on revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018. amounts in brackets indicate a net adverse impact from currency fluctuations.
the net overall weaker u.s. dollar also resulted in increased operating income of $9.6 million and $10.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 under asc 606 and asc 605, respectively.
as a percentage of revenue, our international and domestic revenues, and our direct and indirect revenues, were as follows:
in valuing deferred revenue on the balance sheets of our recent acquisitions as of their respective acquisition dates, we applied the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, resulting in a reduction of deferred revenue as compared to the historical carrying amount. as a result, our post-acquisition revenue will be less than the sum of what would have otherwise been reported by us and each acquiree absent the acquisitions. under asc 606, the impact on reported revenue was $9.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. under asc 605, the impacts on reported revenue were $15.6 million and $2.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
cost of sales and operating expenses:
the tables below reflect our operating results as presented on the consolidated statements of income, which are inclusive of foreign currency translation impacts. the adoption of asc 606 resulted in a reclassification of expenses within cost of sales from software licenses to maintenance and service. amounts included in the discussion that follows are provided in constant currency and do not include the impact of the optis acquisition. the impact of the optis acquisition on each expense line is provided separately, where material. the impact, where material, of foreign exchange translation on each expense line is also provided separately and is inclusive of the optis acquisition.
2018                                                                                               2017                                            change
(in thousands, except percentages)               amount        % ofrevenue                  amount        % ofrevenue                 amount                %
cost of sales:
software licenses                          $18,619                     1.4            $34,421                     3.1          $(15,802    )        (45.9   )
maintenance and service                    110,232                     8.5             78,949                     7.2            31,283              39.6
total cost of sales                        155,885                    12.1            150,164                    13.7             5,721               3.8
gross profit                            $1,137,751                    87.9           $945,086                    86.3          $192,665              20.4
software licenses: the net decrease in the cost of software licenses was primarily due to the following:
•   reclassification of $18.2 million of cost of sales, previously reflected within software licenses, to maintenance and service due to the adoption of asc 606 in 2018.
•   optis-related software license expenses of $1.6 million for the period from the acquisition date (may 2, 2018) through december 31, 2018.
amortization: the decrease in amortization expense was primarily due to a net decrease in the amortization of trade names and acquired technology due to assets that became fully amortized.
maintenance and service: the increase in maintenance and service costs was primarily due to the following:
•   reclassification of $18.2 million of cost of sales, previously reflected within software licenses, to maintenance and service due to the adoption of asc 606 in 2018.
•   increased third-party technical support of $5.5 million.
•   optis-related maintenance and service expenses of $2.8 million for the period from the acquisition date (may 2, 2018) through december 31, 2018.
•   increased salaries of $2.1 million.
the improvement in gross profit was a result of the increase in revenue, partially offset by the increase in the related cost of sales.
2018                                                                                              2017                                    change
(in thousands, except percentages)              amount        % ofrevenue                  amount        % ofrevenue                 amount         %
operating expenses:
research and development                  233,802                    18.1            202,746                    18.5            31,056           15.3
total operating expenses                 $661,177                    51.1           $554,358                    50.6          $106,819           19.3
•   increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $35.2 million.
•   increased stock-based compensation of $15.3 million.
•   optis-related selling, general and administrative expenses of $13.8 million for the period from the acquisition date (may 2, 2018) through december 31, 2018.
•   increased business travel of $3.9 million.
•   increased severance expenses of $3.7 million.
•   decreased consulting costs of $7.1 million.
research and development: the net increase in research and development costs was primarily due to the following:
•   increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $15.2 million.
•   increased stock-based compensation of $11.6 million.
•   optis-related research and development expenses of $5.9 million for the period from the acquisition date (may 2, 2018) through december 31, 2018.
•   increased it maintenance and software hosting costs of $1.5 million.
•   restructuring costs of $6.8 million related to 2017 workforce realignment activities that did not reoccur in 2018.
interest income: interest income for the year ended december 31, 2018 was $11.4 million as compared to $7.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. interest income increased as a result of an increase in the average rate of return on invested cash balances.
other expense, net: our other expense, net consists of the following:
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (tax reform). tax reform made broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time federal income tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries (transition tax); (3) generally eliminating u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) creating a new provision designed to tax global intangible low-taxed income (gilti) which allows for the possibility of using foreign tax credits (ftcs) and a deduction of up to 50 percent to offset the income tax liability (subject to some limitations); (5) repealing the domestic production activity deduction; (6) creating the foreign-derived intangible income deduction; (7) creating the base erosion anti-abuse tax, a new minimum tax; (8) allowing for full expensing of qualified property through bonus depreciation; and (9) creating limitations on the deductibility of certain executive compensation.
the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin (sab) 118, which provides guidance on accounting for the tax effects of tax reform. sab 118 provided a measurement period that was limited to one year from enactment for companies to complete the accounting under asc 740, income taxes. in accordance with sab 118, throughout the measurement period, a company must reflect the income tax effects of those aspects of tax reform for which the accounting under asc 740 was complete in the financial statements. to the extent that a company's accounting for certain income tax effects of tax reform was incomplete, but a reasonable estimate was able to be made, the company must record a provisional estimate in the financial statements. if a company could not determine a provisional estimate to be included in the financial statements, it should continue to apply asc 740 on the basis of the tax laws that were in effect immediately before the enactment of tax reform.
as further discussed below, we finalized our provisional tax reform calculations as of the end of the measurement period, based on guidance and information available as of the reporting date. the u.s. government has not yet issued final guidance related to a portion of the new rules enacted as part of tax reform. subsequent adjustments, if any, will be recorded in the period in which guidance is finalized.
our accounting for the impact of the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate on our deferred tax assets and liabilities is complete. tax reform reduced the corporate tax rate to 21 percent, effective january 1, 2018. consequently, we recorded a net adjustment to deferred income tax expense of $1.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 to revalue our deferred tax assets and liabilities. no further adjustments were recorded for the year ended december 31, 2018.
our accounting for the transition tax is complete. reasonable estimates of certain effects were calculated and a provisional adjustment of $16.0 million was recorded in the december 31, 2017 financial statements. to determine the amount of the transition tax, we determined, in addition to other factors, the amount of post-1986 earnings and profits (e&p) of the relevant subsidiaries, as well as the amount of non-u.s. income taxes paid on such earnings. based on revised e&p calculations updated during the measurement period, we recognized an additional measurement-period adjustment for the year ended december 31, 2018 of $0.9 million to the transition tax obligation and a corresponding adjustment to tax expense.
our accounting for the indefinite reinvestment assertion is complete. in general, it is our intention to permanently reinvest all earnings in excess of previously taxed amounts. as part of tax reform, substantially all of the previous earnings of our non-u.s. subsidiaries were taxed through the transition tax and current earnings are taxed as part of gilti tax expense. these taxes increased our previously taxed earnings and allow for the repatriation of the majority of our foreign earnings without any residual u.s. federal tax. during the year ended december 31, 2018, we repatriated $144.3 million of foreign cash. we did not make any adjustments related to our indefinite reinvestment assertion during the year ended december 31, 2018.
our accounting policy choice for gilti is complete. under u.s. gaap, we are allowed to make an accounting policy choice of either (1) treating taxes due on future u.s. inclusions in taxable income related to gilti as a current-period expense when incurred (the period cost method) or (2) factoring such amounts into the measurement of our deferred taxes (the deferred method). we selected the period cost method and recorded gilti tax expense of $0.4 million in the financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2018.
the decrease in the effective tax rate from the prior year was primarily due to the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent enacted as part of tax reform, the additional $15.1 million of transition tax in 2017 when compared to 2018, and a net $6.7 million benefit related to global legal entity restructuring activities. the effective tax rate was also reduced by the foreign-derived intangible income deduction, increased research and development credits and increased stock-based compensation benefits, partially offset by the loss of the domestic manufacturing deduction, which was repealed as part of tax reform.
when compared to the federal and state combined statutory rate, the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 were favorably impacted by tax benefits from stock-based compensation and research and development credits.
non-gaap results we provide non-gaap revenue, non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share as supplemental measures to gaap regarding our operational performance. these financial measures exclude the impact of certain items and, therefore, have not been calculated in accordance with gaap. a detailed explanation and a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to our most comparable gaap financial measure are described below.
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)           gaap results             adjustments                   non-gaap               gaap results           adjustments                   non-gaap results                                                                     results total revenue                                              $1,515,892                  $12,514         (1)      $1,528,406               $1,293,636                 $9,442         (4)      $1,303,078
operating income                                              515,040                  177,093         (2)         692,133                  476,574                141,442         (5)         618,016
operating profit margin                                          34.0      %                                          45.3    %   36.8                   %                                        47.4    %
(1)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with the accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(2)   amount represents $116.2 million of stock-based compensation expense, $4.9 million of excess payroll taxes related to stock-based awards, $36.9 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $6.6 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations and the $12.5 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (1) above.
(3)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (2) above, decreased for the related income tax impact of $61.2 million, adjustments related to the transition tax associated with the tax cuts and jobs act of $1.8 million, and rabbi trust income of $0.4 million.
(4)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with the accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(5)   amount represents $83.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, $4.3 million of excess payroll taxes related to stock-based awards, $40.8 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $3.5 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations and the $9.4 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (4) above.
(6)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (5) above, decreased for the related income tax impact of $47.9 million and increased for a measurement-period adjustment related to the tax cuts and jobs act of $0.9 million and rabbi trust expense of $0.1 million.
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)           gaap results           adjustments               non-gaapresults               gaap results           adjustments               non-gaapresults total revenue                                              $1,216,469                $15,583         (1)      $1,232,052                  $1,095,250                 $2,856         (4)      $1,098,106
operating income                                              399,407                147,583         (2)         546,990                     390,728                118,567         (5)         509,295
operating profit margin                                          32.8      %                                        44.4       %   35.7                   %                                        46.4       %
(1)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with the accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(2)   amount represents $83.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, $4.3 million of excess payroll taxes related to stock-based awards, $40.8 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $3.5 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations and the $15.6 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (1) above.
(3)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (2) above, decreased for the related income tax impact of $49.7 million and increased for a measurement-period adjustment related to the tax cuts and jobs act of $0.9 million and rabbi trust expense of $0.1 million.
(4)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with the accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(5)   amount represents $53.2 million of stock-based compensation expense, $49.8 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $11.7 million of restructuring charges, $1.1 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations and the $2.9 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (4) above.
(6)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (5) above, decreased for the related income tax impact of $52.5 million, excluding the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act, and rabbi trust income of $0.1 million, and increased for total net impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act of $22.7 million.
non-gaap measures we use non-gaap financial measures (a) to evaluate our historical and prospective financial performance as well as our performance relative to our competitors, (b) to set internal sales targets and spending budgets, (c) to allocate resources, (d) to measure operational profitability and the accuracy of forecasting, (e) to assess financial discipline over operational expenditures and (f) as an important factor in determining variable compensation for management and employees. in addition, many financial analysts that follow us focus on and publish both historical results and future projections based on non-gaap financial measures. we believe that it is in the best interest of our investors to provide this information to analysts so that they accurately report the non-gaap financial information. moreover, investors have historically requested, and we have historically reported, these non-gaap financial measures as a means of providing consistent and comparable information with past reports of financial results.
while we believe that these non-gaap financial measures provide useful supplemental information to investors, there are limitations associated with the use of these non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are not prepared in accordance with gaap, are not reported by all our competitors and may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of our competitors due to potential differences in the exact method of calculation. we compensate for these limitations by using these non-gaap financial measures as supplements to gaap financial measures and by reviewing the reconciliations of the non-gaap financial measures to their most comparable gaap financial measures.
the adjustments to these non-gaap financial measures, and the basis for such adjustments, are outlined below:
acquisition accounting for deferred revenue and its related tax impact. historically, we have consummated acquisitions in order to support our strategic and other business objectives. in accordance with the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, acquired deferred revenue is often recorded on the opening balance sheet at an amount that is lower than the historical carrying value. although this acquisition accounting requirement has no impact on our business or cash flow, it adversely impacts our reported gaap revenue in the reporting periods following an acquisition. in order to provide investors with financial information that facilitates comparison of both historical and future results, we provide non-gaap financial measures which exclude the impact of the acquisition accounting adjustment. we believe that this non-gaap financial adjustment is useful to investors because it allows investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by us in our financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare our past and future reports of financial results as the revenue reduction related to acquired deferred revenue will not recur when related annual lease licenses and software maintenance contracts are renewed in future periods.
amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions and its related tax impact. we incur amortization of intangible assets, included in our gaap presentation of amortization expense, related to various acquisitions we have made. we exclude these expenses and their related tax impact for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance because these costs are fixed at the time of an acquisition, are then amortized over a period of several years after the acquisition and generally cannot be changed or influenced by us after the acquisition. accordingly, we do not consider these expenses for purposes of evaluating our performance during the applicable time period after the acquisition, and we exclude such expenses when making decisions to allocate resources. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by us in our financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare our past reports of financial results as we have historically reported these non-gaap financial measures.
stock-based compensation expense and its related tax impact. we incur expense related to stock-based compensation included in our gaap presentation of cost of software licenses; cost of maintenance and service; research and development expense; and selling, general and administrative expense. this non-gaap adjustment also includes excess payroll tax expense related to stock-based compensation. stock-based compensation expense (benefit) incurred in connection with our deferred compensation plan held in a rabbi trust includes an offsetting benefit (charge) recorded in other income (expense). although stock-based compensation is an expense and viewed as a form of compensation, we exclude these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance. we similarly exclude income (expense) related to assets held in a rabbi trust in connection with our deferred compensation plan. specifically, we exclude stock-based compensation and income (expense) related to assets held in the deferred compensation plan rabbi trust during our annual budgeting process and our quarterly and annual assessments of our performance. the annual budgeting process is the primary mechanism whereby we allocate resources to various initiatives and operational requirements. additionally, the annual review by our board of directors during which it compares our historical business model and profitability to the planned business model and profitability for the forthcoming year excludes the impact of stock-based compensation. in evaluating the performance of our senior management and department managers, charges related to stock-based compensation are excluded from expenditure and profitability results. in fact, we record stock-based compensation expense into a stand-alone cost center for which no single operational manager is responsible or accountable. in this way, we can review, on a period-to-period basis, each manager's performance and assess financial discipline over operational expenditures without the effect of stock-based compensation. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
restructuring charges and the related tax impact. we occasionally incur expenses for restructuring our workforce included in our gaap presentation of cost of software licenses; cost of maintenance and service; research and development expense; and selling, general and administrative expense. we exclude these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance, as we generally do not incur these expenses as a part of our operations. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
transaction costs related to business combinations. we incur expenses for professional services rendered in connection with business combinations, which are included in our gaap presentation of selling, general and administrative expense. these expenses are generally not tax-deductible. we exclude these acquisition-related transaction expenses, derived from announced acquisitions, for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance, as we generally would not have otherwise incurred these expenses in the periods presented as a part of our operations. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
tax cuts and jobs act. we recorded impacts to our income tax provision related to the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, specifically for the transition tax related to unrepatriated cash and the impacts of the tax rate change on net deferred tax assets. we exclude these impacts for the purpose of calculating non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance, as (i) the charges are not expected to recur as part of our normal operations and (ii) the charges resulted from the extremely infrequent event of major u.s. tax reform, the last such reform having occurred in 1986. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting.
non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, gaap. our non-gaap financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable gaap financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap.
we have provided a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures as listed below:
gaap reporting measure       non-gaap reporting measure revenue                      non-gaap revenue operating income             non-gaap operating income operating profit margin      non-gaap operating profit margin net income                   non-gaap net income diluted earnings per share   non-gaap diluted earnings per share liquidity and capital resources as of december 31,   change
working capital                                            $860,340                $786,410        $73,930              9.4
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of highly liquid investments such as money market funds and deposits held at major banks. short-term investments consist primarily of deposits held by certain of our foreign subsidiaries with original maturities of three months to one year. the following table presents our foreign and domestic holdings of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments:
as of december 31,
(in thousands, except percentages)              2019        % of total   2018                       % of total domestic                                $626,433                  71.8          $616,249                  79.3
in general, it is our intention to permanently reinvest all earnings in excess of previously taxed amounts. as part of tax reform, substantially all of the previous earnings of our non-u.s. subsidiaries were taxed through the transition tax and current earnings are taxed as part of gilti tax expense. these taxes increased our previously taxed earnings and allow for the repatriation of the majority of our foreign earnings without any residual u.s. federal tax. while we believe that the financial reporting bases may be greater than the tax bases of investments in foreign subsidiaries for any earnings in excess of previously taxed amounts, such amounts are considered permanently reinvested. the cumulative temporary difference related to such permanently reinvested earnings is approximately $32.8 million and we would anticipate the tax effect on those earnings to be immaterial as a result of tax reform.
the amount of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries is subject to translation adjustments caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as of the end of each respective reporting period, the offset to which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss on our consolidated balance sheet.
cash flows from operating activities year ended december 31,                                       change
net cash provided by operating activities          $499,936                $484,988                $427,660            $14,948                 $57,328
net cash provided by operating activities increased during the current fiscal year due to increased net income (net of non-cash operating adjustments) of $107.4 million, partially offset by decreased net cash flows from operating assets and liabilities of $92.4 million.
net cash provided by operating activities increased during the prior fiscal year due to increased net income (net of non-cash operating adjustments) of $151.4 million, partially offset by decreased net cash flows from operating assets and liabilities of $94.1 million.
cash flows from investing activities year ended december 31,                                            change
net cash used in investing activities increased during the current fiscal year due primarily to increased acquisition-related net cash outlays of $504.2 million and increased capital expenditures of $23.2 million. we currently plan capital spending of $45.0 million to $55.0 million during fiscal year 2020 as compared to the $44.9 million that was spent in fiscal year 2019. the level of spending will depend on various factors, including the growth of the business and general economic conditions.
net cash used in investing activities increased during the prior fiscal year due primarily to increased acquisition-related net cash outlays of $219.1 million.
cash flows from financing activities year ended december 31,                                       change
net cash provided by financing activities increased during the current fiscal year due primarily to $500.0 million in proceeds from long-term debt obtained in fiscal year 2019 related to the lst acquisition and decreased stock repurchases of $210.7 million, partially offset by increased restricted stock unit withholding taxes paid in lieu of issuing shares of $13.6 million.
net cash used in financing activities decreased during the prior fiscal year due primarily to decreased stock repurchases of $66.2 million, partially offset by increased restricted stock unit withholding taxes paid in lieu of issuing shares of $17.8 million and decreased proceeds from shares issued for stock-based compensation of $11.5 million.
other cash flow information we believe that existing cash and cash equivalent balances of $872.1 million, together with cash generated from operations and access to the $500.0 million revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements through the next twelve months. our cash requirements in the future may also be financed through additional equity or debt financings. there can be no assurance that such financings can be obtained on favorable terms, if at all. we repaid $75.0 million of our unsecured term loan in january 2020 prior to its scheduled maturity date.
under our stock repurchase program, we repurchased shares as follows:
number of shares repurchased                  330                   1,674                   2,750
in february 2018, our board of directors increased the number of shares authorized for repurchase to a total of 5.0 million shares under the stock repurchase program. as of december 31, 2019, 3.5 million shares remained available for repurchase under the program.
the authorized repurchase program does not have an expiration date, and the pace of the repurchase activity will depend on factors such as working capital needs, cash requirements for acquisitions, our stock price, and economic and market conditions. our stock repurchases may be effected from time to time through open market purchases or pursuant to a rule 10b5-1 plan.
we continue to generate positive cash flows from operating activities and believe that the best uses of our excess cash are to invest in the business; acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products, services and technologies; and make payments on our outstanding debt balances. any future acquisitions may be funded by available cash and investments, cash generated from operations, debt financing, or the issuance of additional securities. additionally, we have in the past, and expect in the future, to repurchase stock in order to both offset dilution and return capital, in excess of our requirements, to stockholders with the goal of increasing stockholder value.
off-balance-sheet arrangements we do not have any special-purpose entities or off-balance-sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations our significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019 are summarized below:
global headquarters operating lease(3)                                                     45,199                 4,464                    8,928                   8,944             22,863
other operating leases(4)                                                                  83,566                17,153                   27,127                  15,990             23,296
(1)   we repaid $75.0 million of the unsecured term loan in january 2020 prior to its scheduled maturity date. as such, the payment is reflected as current on our consolidated balance sheet but not in the table above.
(2)   interest on the long-term debt is estimated using the interest rate as of december 31, 2019, as the interest rate is variable. for additional information, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k. the interest payments reflected in the table above have not been reduced for the effect of the $75.0 million principal payment discussed in (1) above.
(3)   we previously entered into a lease agreement for 186,000 square feet of rentable space located in an office facility in canonsburg, pennsylvania, which serves as our headquarters. the term of the lease is 183 months, beginning on october 1, 2014 and expiring on december 31, 2029. we have a one-time right to terminate the lease on december 31, 2025 by providing the landlord with at least 18 months' prior written notice of such termination.
(4)   other operating leases primarily include noncancellable lease commitments for our other domestic and international offices as well as certain operating equipment.
(5)   unconditional purchase obligations primarily include royalties and software licenses and services, which are unrecorded as of december 31, 2019.
(6)   we have $64.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits, including estimated interest and penalties, that have been recorded as liabilities in accordance with income tax accounting guidance for which we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. as a result, such amounts are excluded from the table above.
(7)   other long-term obligations primarily include third-party commissions of $28.3 million; post-employment benefits, including pension obligations, of $12.7 million for certain foreign locations; and office space restoration of $3.1 million. these amounts include the related current portions when applicable.
critical accounting policies and estimates we believe that the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition: our revenue is derived principally from the licensing of computer software products and from related maintenance contracts. we adopted asc 606 on january 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective approach for all contracts not completed as of the date of adoption. results for reporting periods beginning after january 1, 2018 are presented under asc 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with asc 605. the adoption of asc 606 represents a change in accounting principle that will more closely align revenue recognition with the delivery of our software licenses, maintenance and services.
revenue recognition policy 2019 and 2018 (asc 606)
we enter into contracts that include combinations of products, maintenance and services, which are accounted for as separate performance obligations with differing revenue recognition patterns.
revenue from perpetual licenses is classified as software license revenue. software license revenue is recognized up front upon delivery of the licensed product and/or the utility that enables the customer to access authorization keys, provided that an enforceable contract has been received. typically, our perpetual licenses are sold with post-contract support (pcs), which includes unspecified technical enhancements and customer support. we allocate value in bundled perpetual and pcs arrangements based on the standalone selling prices of the perpetual license and pcs. revenue from pcs is classified as maintenance revenue and is recognized ratably over the term of the contract, as we satisfy the pcs performance obligation over time.
in addition to perpetual licenses, we sell time-based lease licenses. lease licenses are sold only as a bundled arrangement that includes the rights to a term software license and pcs. utilizing observable inputs, we determined that 50% of the estimated standalone selling price of the lease license is attributable to the term license and 50% is attributable to the pcs. this determination considered the value relationship for our products between pcs to time-based lease licenses, the value relationship between pcs and perpetual licenses, the average economic life of our products, software renewal rates and the price of the bundled arrangement in relation to the perpetual licensing approach. consistent with the perpetual sales, the license component is classified as software license revenue and recognized as revenue up front at the commencement of the lease upon delivery of the licensed product and/or utility that enables the customer to access authorization keys. the pcs is classified as maintenance revenue and is recognized ratably over the term of the contract, as we provide the pcs benefit over time.
revenue from training, support and other services is recognized as the services are performed. for contracts in which the service consists of a single performance obligation, such as providing a training class to a customer, we recognize revenue upon completion of the performance obligation. for service contracts that are longer in duration and often include multiple performance obligations (for example, both training and consulting), we measure the progress toward completion of the obligations and recognize revenue accordingly. in measuring progress towards the completion of performance obligations, we typically utilize output-based estimates for services with contractual billing arrangements that are not based on time and materials, and estimate output based on the total tasks completed as compared to the total tasks required for each work contract. input-based estimates are utilized for services that involve general consultations with contractual billing arrangements based on time and materials, utilizing direct labor as the input measure. proceeds from customers for the purpose of expediting road-map items, developing new products or creating specific features and functionality for existing products is classified as revenue.
we also execute arrangements through independent channel partners in which the channel partners are authorized to market and distribute our software products to end users of our products and services in specified territories. in sales facilitated by channel partners, the channel partner bears the risk of collection from the end-user customer. we recognize revenue from transactions with channel partners in a manner consistent with the direct sales described above for both perpetual and time-based licenses. revenue from channel partner transactions is the amount remitted to us by the channel partners. this amount includes a fee for pcs that is compensation for providing technical enhancements and the second level of technical support to the end user, which is recognized over the period that pcs is to be provided.
non-income related taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as accounts receivable and accrued expenses. the collection and payment of these amounts are reported on a net basis in the consolidated statements of income and do not impact reported revenues or expenses.
we do not offer right of return. we warrant to our customers that our software will perform substantially as specified in our current user manuals. we have not experienced significant claims related to software warranties beyond the scope of maintenance support, which we are already obligated to provide. the warranty is not sold, and cannot be purchased, separately. the warranty does not provide any type of additional service to the customer or performance obligation for us.
our agreements with our customers generally require us to indemnify the customer against claims that our software infringes third-party patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights. such indemnification obligations are generally limited in a variety of industry-standard respects, including our right to replace an infringing product.
our contracts with customers typically include promises to transfer licenses and services to a customer. judgment is required to determine if the promises are separate performance obligations, and if so, to allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation. we use the estimated standalone selling price method to allocate the transaction price for each performance obligation. the estimated standalone selling price is determined using all information reasonably available to us, including market conditions and other observable inputs. the corresponding revenues are recognized as the related performance obligations are satisfied.
we apply a practical expedient to expense sales commissions as incurred when the amortization period would have been one year or less. sales commissions associated with the initial year of multi-year contracts are expensed as incurred due to their immateriality. sales commissions associated with multi-year contracts beyond the initial year are subject to an employee service requirement and are expensed as incurred as they are not considered incremental costs to obtain a contract.
we are required to adjust promised amounts of consideration for the effects of the time value of money if the timing of the payments provides the customer or us with a significant financing benefit. we consider various factors in assessing whether a financing component exists, including the duration of the contract, market interest rates and the timing of payments. our contracts do not include a significant financing component requiring adjustment to the transaction price.
revenue recognition policy 2017 (asc 605)
revenue from perpetual licenses was classified as license revenue and was recognized upon delivery of the licensed product and/or the utility that enabled the customer to access authorization keys, provided that acceptance had occurred and a signed contractual obligation was received, the price was fixed and determinable, and collectibility of the receivable was probable. we determined the fair value of pcs sold together with perpetual licenses based on the rate charged for pcs when sold separately. revenue from pcs contracts was classified as maintenance and service revenue and was recognized ratably over the term of the contract.
revenue for software lease licenses was classified as license revenue and was recognized over the period of the lease contract. typically, our software leases include pcs which, due to the short term (principally one year or less) of our software lease licenses, were not permitted to be separated from lease revenue for accounting purposes. as a result, both the lease licenses and pcs were recognized ratably over the lease period. we included the revenue for the entire lease arrangement within software license revenue in the consolidated statements of income.
many of our semiconductor products are typically licensed via longer term leases of 24-36 months. we recognized revenue for these licenses over the term of the lease contract. because we did not have vendor-specific objective evidence of the fair value of these leases, we also recognized revenue from perpetual licenses over the term of the lease contract during the infrequent occurrence of these licenses being sold with semiconductor leases in multiple-element arrangements.
revenue from training, support and other services was recognized as the services were performed. we applied the specific performance method to contracts in which the service consisted of a single act, such as providing a training class to a customer, and the proportional performance method to other service contracts that were longer in duration and often included multiple acts (for example, both training and consulting). in applying the proportional performance method, we typically utilized output-based estimates for services with contractual billing arrangements that were not based on time and materials, and estimated output based on the total tasks completed as compared to the total tasks required for each work contract. input-based estimates were utilized for services that involved general consultations with contractual billing arrangements based on time and materials, utilizing direct labor as the input measure.
the accounting treatment under asc 605 associated with arrangements through independent channel partners, non-income related taxes, warranties and indemnification obligations is consistent with the accounting treatment under asc 606 described above.
goodwill and other intangible assets: we test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually by performing a quantitative assessment of whether the fair value of each reporting unit or asset exceeds its carrying amount. we have one reporting unit. goodwill is tested at this reporting unit level and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested at the individual asset level. this requires us to assess and make judgments regarding a variety of factors which impact the fair value of the reporting unit or asset being tested, including business plans, anticipated future cash flows, economic projections and other market data. because there are inherent uncertainties involved in these factors, significant differences between these estimates and actual results could result in future impairment charges and could materially impact our future financial results. during the first quarter of 2019, we completed the annual impairment test for goodwill and the indefinite-lived intangible asset and determined that these assets had not been impaired as of the test date, january 1, 2019. no other events or circumstances changed during the year ended december 31, 2019 that would indicate that the fair values of our reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are below their carrying values.
intangible assets are recognized apart from goodwill whenever an acquired intangible asset arises from contractual or other legal rights, or whenever it is capable of being separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged, either individually or in combination with a related contract, asset or liability. we determined the fair value of our intangible assets using various valuation techniques, including the relief-from-royalty method and the multi-period excess earnings method. these models utilize certain unobservable inputs classified as level 3 measurements as defined by asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures. the determination of fair value requires considerable judgment and is sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates and market factors. estimating fair value requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, as well as industry and economic conditions. these assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to: royalty rate, discount rate and attrition rate. the fair values of the intangible assets will be amortized over their useful lives. impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amounts of finite-lived intangible assets are both not recoverable and exceed the fair values.
income taxes: we account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of the enactment date.
we record net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more likely than not be realized. in making such determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. in the event we determine that we will be able to realize deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was used to reduce their carrying value, the adjustment to the valuation allowance will be recorded as a reduction to the provision for income taxes.
tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more-likely-than-not threshold. otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively settled, which means that the statute of limitations has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed its examination even though the statute of limitations remains open.
we recognize interest and penalties related to income taxes within the income tax expense line in the consolidated statements of income. accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheets.
stock-based compensation: we grant restricted stock units and other stock awards to employees and directors under our equity incentive plan. eligible employees can also purchase shares of our common stock at a discount under our employee stock purchase plan. the benefits provided under these plans are stock-based payments subject to the provisions of stock-based payment accounting guidance. we use the fair value method to apply the provisions of stock-based payment accounting guidance. stock-based compensation expense for 2019, 2018 and 2017 was $116.2 million, $83.3 million and $53.2 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2019, total unrecognized estimated compensation expense related to awards granted prior to that date was $186.4 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.5 years.
prior to 2017, we granted stock option awards. the value of each stock option award was estimated on the date of grant, or date of acquisition for options issued in a business combination, using the black-scholes option pricing model (black-scholes model). the determination of the fair value of stock-based payment awards using an option pricing model was affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. these variables included our stock volatility during the preceding six years, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, interest rate assumptions using the five-year u.s. treasury note yield on the date of grant or acquisition date, and expected dividends. the stock-based compensation expense for options is recorded ratably over the requisite service period.
we issue various restricted stock unit awards which contain either a market condition, a performance condition, a service condition, or certain combinations of the three. restricted stock unit awards are valued based on the grant-date fair value of the award. stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the employee's requisite service period for awards with only a service condition. for awards with a performance condition, stock-based compensation expense is recorded from the service inception date through the conclusion of the measurement period based on management's estimates concerning the probability of vesting.
vesting of restricted stock unit awards with a market condition is based on our performance as measured by total stockholder return relative to the appreciation of a specified stock index over the measurement period, subject to each participant's continued employment through the conclusion of the measurement period. the fair value of the restricted stock unit awards with a market condition is estimated using a monte carlo simulation model. the determination of the fair value of the awards is affected by the grant date and several variables, each of which has been identified in the chart below. stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the award is recorded from the grant date through the conclusion of the measurement period.
risk-free interest rate                                      2.5%               2.4%               1.5%
expected volatility-ansys stock price                         23%                21%                19%
expected volatility-nasdaq composite index                    16%                15%                15%
expected term                                           2.8 years          2.8 years          2.8 years correlation factor                                           0.71               0.65               0.70
we also grant restricted stock units to non-employee directors, which vest upon the earlier of one year from the date of grant or the date of the next regular annual meeting of stockholders. if a non-employee director retires prior to the vest date, the non-employee director receives a pro-rata portion of the restricted stock units.
to the extent we change the terms of our stock-based compensation programs, experience market volatility in the pricing of our common stock that increases the implied volatility assumption used in the pricing models, refine different assumptions, or assume stock awards from acquired companies that are different in nature than our stock award arrangements, among other potential impacts, the stock-based compensation expense recorded in future periods and the related tax benefits may differ significantly from what was recorded in previous reporting periods. forfeitures of awards are accounted for as they occur.
estimates of stock-based compensation expense are significant to our financial statements, but this expense is partially based on the aforementioned option valuation and monte carlo simulation models and will never result in the payment of cash by us other than through the payment of withholding taxes in lieu of additional share issuance. for this reason, and because we do not view stock-based compensation as related to our operational performance, the board of directors and management exclude stock-based compensation expense when evaluating our underlying business performance.
contingencies: we are involved in various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including commercial disputes, labor and employment matters, tax audits, alleged infringement of intellectual property rights and other matters. we review the status of these matters, assess our financial exposure and record a related accrual if the potential loss from an investigation, claim or legal proceeding is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable. significant judgment is involved in the determination of probability and in the determination of whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. as a result of the uncertainties involved in making these estimates, we may have to revise our estimates as facts and circumstances change. the revision of these estimates could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations.
recent accounting guidance for information regarding recent accounting guidance and its impact on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.