item 1a. risk factors investors should carefully consider the risks described below and all other information in this annual report on form 10-k. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the company. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that it currently deems immaterial may also impair the company's business, operations, liquidity and financial condition.
if actions taken by management to limit, monitor or control enterprise risk exposures are not successful, the company's business and consolidated financial statements could be materially adversely affected. in such case, the trading price of the company's common stock and debt securities could decline and investors may lose all or part of their investment.
risks related to our global operations non-u.s. markets form a substantial portion of the company's business and as a result, the company is more exposed to political, economic, military and other risks in countries outside the united states.
during 2019, non-u.s. markets constituted approximately 69% of the company's net sales, with china constituting approximately 28% of the company's net sales. the company employs approximately 90% of its workforce outside the united states. the company's customers are located throughout the world and the company has many manufacturing, administrative and sales facilities outside the united states. as a result, our financial results and our operations, including our ability to manufacture, assemble and test, design, develop or sell products, and the demand for our products, may be adversely affected by a number of global and regional factors outside of our control. because the company has extensive non-u.s. operations as well as significant cash and cash investments held at institutions located outside of the united states, it is exposed to additional risks that could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, including:
●   instability in political or economic conditions, including but not limited to inflation, recession or slowing growth, changes in tariff and trade barriers and import and export licensing requirements, our ability to hire and maintain qualified staff in these regions, foreign currency exchange restrictions and devaluations, restrictive governmental controls on the movement and repatriation of earnings and capital, and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts, particularly in emerging markets;
●   intergovernmental conflicts or actions, including but not limited to armed conflict, trade wars and acts of terrorism or war; and
●   interruptions to the company's business with its largest customers, distributors and suppliers resulting from but not limited to, strikes, financial instabilities, computer malfunctions or cybersecurity incidents, inventory excesses, natural disasters or other disasters such as fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes or explosions.
international trade disputes may result in increased tariffs, trade barriers and other protectionist measures that could increase our manufacturing costs, make our products less competitive, reduce consumer demand or impede or slow the
movement of our goods across borders. increasing protectionism and economic nationalism may lead to further changes in trade policy, domestic sourcing initiatives, or other formal and informal measures that could make it more difficult to sell our products in some markets.
changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, u.s. trade policies and other factors beyond the company's control may adversely impact our business and operating results.
the company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and u.s. economic and geopolitical conditions. in recent years, there has been discussion and dialogue regarding potential significant changes to u.s. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs, in particular trade policies and tariffs affecting china. some of these trade policies have been or are in the process of being renegotiated, including the u.s.'s trading relationship with china. changes to current policies by the u.s. or other governments could affect our business, including potentially through increased import tariffs and other influences on u.s. trade relations with china and other countries. the imposition of additional tariffs or other trade barriers could increase our costs in certain markets, and may cause our customers to find alternative sourcing. in addition, other countries may change their own policies on business and foreign investment in companies in their respective countries. additionally, it is possible that u.s. policy changes and uncertainty about such changes could increase market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations. market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. as a result of these dynamics, we cannot predict the impact to our business of any future changes to the u.s.'s trading relationships.
in addition to changes in u.s. trade policy, a number of other economic and geopolitical factors both in the united states and abroad could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, such as:
●   a global or regional economic slowdown in any of the company's market segments;
●   postponement of spending, in response to tighter credit, financial market volatility and other factors;
●   effects of significant changes in economic, monetary and fiscal policies in the united states and abroad including significant income tax changes, currency fluctuations and inflationary pressures;
●   rapid material escalation of the cost of regulatory compliance and litigation;
●   changes in government policies and regulations affecting the company or its significant customers or suppliers;
●   employment regulations and local labor conditions, including increases in employment costs, particularly in low-cost regions in which the company currently operates;
●   credit risks and other challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
●   changes in assumptions, such as discount rates, along with lower than expected investment returns and performance related to the company's benefit plans;
●   the impact of each of the foregoing on outsourcing and procurement arrangements; and
●   continuing uncertainty regarding social, political, immigration and tax and trade policies in the united states and abroad, including as a result of the united kingdom's vote to withdraw from the european union, otherwise known as "brexit".
we have significant international sales and operations and face risks related to health epidemics such as the coronavirus.
any outbreaks of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments in countries where we operate could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, the recent outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus first identified in wuhan, hubei province, china, has resulted in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of the virus, including restrictions on manufacturing and the movement of employees in many regions of the country. this has affected our manufacturing facilities in china as well as the facilities of our suppliers, customers and our customers' contract manufacturers. the extent to which the coronavirus will impact our business and our financial results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. in addition, the coronavirus may result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn
that could affect demand for our end customers' products. as a result, at the time of this filing, it is impossible to predict the overall impact of the coronavirus on our business and financial results.
our international operations require us to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations of the u.s. government and various foreign jurisdictions and our business reputation and financial results may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, customers, suppliers, distributors or any other business partners.
doing business on a worldwide basis requires us and our subsidiaries to comply with the laws and regulations of the u.s. government and various foreign jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these rules and regulations may expose us to significant liabilities. these laws and regulations may apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees, subcontractors and agents, and may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. in particular, our international operations are subject to u.s. and foreign anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, as amended ("fcpa"). the fcpa prohibits u.s. companies and their officers, directors, employees and agents acting on their behalf from corruptly offering, promising, authorizing or providing anything of value to foreign officials for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. the fcpa also requires companies to make and keep books, records and accounts that accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets and to maintain a system of adequate internal accounting controls. as part of our business, we deal with state-owned business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered foreign officials for purposes of the fcpa. in addition, some of the foreign locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. as a result of the above activities, we are exposed to the risk of violating anti-corruption laws.
we have established policies and procedures designed to assist us and our personnel in complying with applicable u.s. and international laws and regulations. however, there can be no assurance that these policies will be effective in preventing our directors, officers, employees, subcontractors and agents from taking actions that violate these legal requirements. violations of these legal requirements could subject us to criminal fines and imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts and other remedial measures. in addition, any actual or alleged violations could disrupt our operations, cause reputational harm, involve significant management distraction and result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
the company's results have at times been negatively affected by foreign currency exchange rates.
the company conducts business in many foreign currencies through its worldwide operations, and as a result is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies including possible currency devaluations. changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the company's sales, operating margins and equity. the company manages currency exposure risk in a number of ways, including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold (thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency), cost reduction and pricing actions, working capital management and hedging contracts. however, there can be no assurance that these actions will be fully effective in managing currency risk, including in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies of the company's worldwide operations, which could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company has at times experienced difficulties in obtaining a consistent supply of materials at stable pricing levels.
the company uses basic materials like aluminum, steel, copper, titanium, metal alloys, gold, silver, palladium and plastic resins in its manufacturing processes as well as a variety of components and relies on third party suppliers to secure these materials. volatility in the prices of such materials and availability of supply may have a substantial impact on the price the company pays for such materials. in addition, the company may not be able to pass along increased raw material or component prices to its customers. consequently, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
in limited instances we depend on a single source of supply or participate in commodity markets that may be served by a limited number of suppliers. delays in obtaining supplies may result from a number of factors affecting our suppliers, and any delay could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and, accordingly, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to our end markets the company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications and broadband communications.
approximately 44% of the company's 2019 net sales came from sales to the communications industry, including information technology and data communication, wireless communications and broadband communications, with 13% of the company's 2019 net sales coming from sales to the mobile devices market. demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change. these markets are dominated by several large manufacturers and operators who regularly exert significant pressure on their suppliers, including the company. furthermore, there has been a trend on the part of customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. there can be no assurance that the company will be able to meet these standards or maintain competitive pricing and therefore continue to compete successfully in the communications industry. the company's failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
approximately 4% and 8% of the company's 2019 net sales came from sales to the broadband communications and mobile networks markets, respectively. demand for the company's products in these markets depends primarily on capital spending by operators for constructing, rebuilding or upgrading their systems. the amount of this capital spending and, therefore, the company's sales and profitability will be affected by a variety of factors, including general economic conditions, consolidation within the communications industry, the financial condition of operators and their access to financing, competition, technological developments, new legislation and regulation of operators. there can be no assurance that existing levels of capital spending will continue or that spending will not decrease.
changes in defense expenditures may reduce the company's sales.
approximately 12% of the company's 2019 net sales came from sales to the military market. the company participates in a broad spectrum of defense programs. the company's military sales are generally to contractors and subcontractors of the u.s. or foreign governments or to distributors that in turn sell to the contractors and subcontractors. accordingly, the company's sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets of the u.s. and foreign governments. a significant decline in u.s. or foreign government defense expenditures could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. u.s. and foreign government expenditures are also subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints, which may result in significant unexpected changes in levels of demand for our products.
the company is dependent on the acceptance of new product introductions for continued revenue growth.
the company estimates that products introduced in the last two years accounted for approximately 25% of 2019 net sales. the company's long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, manufacture and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. in the ordinary course of business, the company continually develops or creates new product line concepts. if the company fails, or is significantly delayed, in introducing new product line concepts or if the company's new products are not met with market acceptance, its business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
the company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business.
the company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. competitors include large, diversified companies, some of which have greater assets and financial resources than the company, as well as medium- to small-sized companies. in addition, rapid technological changes occurring in the communications industry could also lead to the entry of new competitors of all sizes against whom we may not be able to successfully compete. there can be no assurance that the company will be able to compete successfully against existing or new competition, and the inability to do so may result in price reductions, reduced margins, or loss of market share, any of which could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to acquisitions the company has at times experienced difficulties and unanticipated expenses in connection with purchasing and integrating newly acquired businesses.
the company has completed a number of acquisitions in recent years, including nine in 2019. the company anticipates that it will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities as part of its growth strategy. from time to time, the company experiences difficulty and unanticipated expenses associated with purchasing and integrating acquisitions, and acquisitions do not always perform as expected. the company has also experienced challenges at times following the acquisition of a new company or business, including but not limited to: managing the operations, manufacturing facilities and technology; maintaining and increasing the customer base; or retaining key employees, suppliers and distributors. in some cases, the company may pursue indemnification claims against the seller or sellers of an acquired business for pre-acquisition liabilities, breaches of representations, warranties or covenants or for other reasons provided for in the relevant acquisition agreement. to the extent we pursue indemnification claims against the seller or sellers of any acquired business, such seller or sellers may successfully contest such claims, such seller or sellers may not have the financial capacity to compensate us for such claims or such claims may otherwise be difficult or impractical to enforce. although we expect to realize strategic, operational and financial benefits as a result of past or future acquisitions and investments, we cannot predict or guarantee whether and to what extent anticipated cost savings, benefits and growth prospects will be achieved.
the company may in the future incur goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges.
at december 31, 2019, the total assets of the company were $10,815.5 million, which included $4,867.1 million of goodwill (the excess of fair value of consideration paid over the fair value of net identifiable assets of businesses acquired) and $442.0 million of other intangible assets, net. the company performs annual evaluations (or more frequently, if necessary) for the potential impairment of the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets. such evaluations to date have not resulted in the need to recognize an impairment. however, if the financial performance of the company's businesses were to decline significantly, the company could incur a material non-cash charge to its income statement for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that impairment charges in the future will not be required if the expected cash flow estimates as projected by management do not occur, especially if an economic recession occurs and continues for a lengthy period or becomes severe, or if acquisitions and investments made by the company fail to achieve expected returns.
risks related to our liquidity and capital resources the company's credit agreements contain certain covenants, which if breached, could have a material adverse effect on the company.
the credit agreement, as amended and restated effective january 15, 2019, among the company, certain subsidiaries of the company and a syndicate of financial institutions (the "revolving credit facility"), which also backstops the company's u.s. commercial paper program ("u.s. commercial paper program") and euro commercial paper program, contains financial and other covenants, such as a limit on the ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, a limit on priority indebtedness and limits on incurrence of liens. although the company believes none of these covenants is presently restrictive to the company's operations, the ability to meet the financial covenants can be affected by events beyond the company's control, and the company cannot provide assurance that it will meet those tests. a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the revolving credit facility. upon the occurrence of an event of default under any of the company's credit facilities, the lenders could terminate all commitments to extend further credit and elect to declare amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable which could result in the acceleration of certain of the company's other indebtedness and the company not having sufficient assets to repay the revolving credit facility and such other indebtedness. as of december 31, 2019, the company had outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, u.s. commercial paper program and euro commercial paper program of nil, $160.0 million and $235.5 million, respectively.
the company relies on the capital markets, and its inability to access those markets on favorable terms could adversely affect the company's results.
the company has used the capital markets to invest in its business and make strategic acquisitions. if general economic and capital market conditions deteriorate significantly, it could impact the company's ability to access the
capital markets. while the company has not recently encountered any financing difficulties, the capital and credit markets have experienced significant volatility in the past. market conditions could make it more difficult to access capital to finance capital investments, acquisitions and other initiatives including dividends and share repurchases. as such, this could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, while the company has not encountered any such issues to date, if the credit rating agencies that rate the company's debt were to downgrade the company's credit rating in conjunction with a deterioration of the company's performance, it would likely increase the company's cost of capital and make it more difficult for the company to obtain new financing and access capital markets, which could also have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the company is subject to interest rate volatility with regard to existing and future issuances of debt. the company monitors its mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt, as well as its mix of short-term and long-term debt. as of december 31, 2019, approximately $400 million, or 11%, of the company's outstanding borrowings were subject to floating interest rates and were primarily comprised of commercial paper borrowings. a 10% change in the london interbank offered rate ("libor") or floating interest rates at december 31, 2019 would not have a material effect on the company's interest expense. the company does not expect changes in interest rates to have a material effect on income or cash flows in 2020, although there can be no assurance that interest rates will not change significantly.
in 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, announced its intent to phase out libor by the end of 2021.  if libor ceases to exist or if the methods of calculating libor change from their current form, interest rates on, and the market price for, our current or future indebtedness may be adversely affected. refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for further discussion and details on this development.
as of december 31, 2019, approximately 89% of the company's outstanding borrowings were based on fixed rates and primarily related to the following unsecured senior notes:
legal and regulatory risks our business and financial results may be adversely affected by government contracting risks.
we are subject to various laws and regulations applicable to parties doing business with the u.s. government, including laws and regulations governing performance of u.s. government contracts, the use and treatment of u.s. government furnished property and the nature of materials used in our products. we may be unilaterally suspended or barred from conducting business with the u.s. government or its suppliers (both directly and indirectly), or become subject to fines or other sanctions if we are found to have violated such laws or regulations. as a result of the need to comply with these laws and regulations, we are subject to increased risks of governmental investigations, civil fraud actions, criminal prosecutions, whistleblower lawsuits and other enforcement actions. for example, in august 2018, we received a subpoena from the u.s. department of defense, office of the inspector general, requesting documents pertaining to certain products manufactured by the company's military and aerospace group that are purchased or used by the u.s. government, as noted herein in item 3. legal proceedings. the laws and regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, export administration regulations, the federal acquisition regulation, the false claims act, international traffic in arms regulations and regulations from the bureau of alcohol, tobacco and firearms and the fcpa. failure to comply with applicable requirements also could harm our reputation and our ability to compete for future government contracts or sell commercial equivalent products. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, u.s. government contracts are subject to modification, curtailment or termination by the u.s. government without prior written notice, either for convenience or for default as a result of our failure to perform under the applicable contract. if terminated by the u.s. government as a result of our default, we could be liable for additional costs the u.s. government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services from another source and any other damages it suffers. we are also prohibited from assigning prime u.s. government contracts without the prior consent of the u.s. government contracting officer. furthermore, the u.s. government periodically audits our governmental contract costs, which could result in fines, penalties or adjustment of costs and prices under the contracts. any such fines, penalties or payment adjustments resulting from such audits could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
certain of our products, including purchased components of such products, are subject to export controls and may be exported only with the required export license or through an export license exception. in addition, we are required to comply with certain u.s. and foreign sanctions and embargoes. these laws and regulations are complex, may change frequently and with limited notice, have generally become more stringent over time and have intensified under the current u.s. administration, especially in light of recent trade tensions with china. for example, in 2019, the u.s. government added certain of the company's customers based in china to its "entity list", which imposes additional restrictions on sales to such customers. although such restrictions did not have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations, the u.s. government has the power to place even greater restrictions on these and other customers, and such restrictions could prohibit the company from selling products to such customers. if we were to fail to comply with these restrictions or applicable export licensing, customs regulations, economic sanctions and other laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines for us, the incarceration of responsible employees and managers, and the possible loss of export or import privileges. in addition, if our distributors fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. obtaining the necessary export license for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities.
cybersecurity incidents on our information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to our reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations.
cybersecurity threats continue to expand and evolve globally, making it difficult to detect and prevent such threats from impacting the company. the company has been a target of various cybersecurity attacks, including but not limited to ransomware attacks, but the impact of such attacks has not been material. cybersecurity threats to the company could lead to unauthorized access to the company's information technology systems, products, customers, suppliers and third party service providers. cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the disruption of our business operations and the misappropriation, destruction or corruption of critical data and confidential or proprietary technological information. cybersecurity incidents could also result from unauthorized parties gaining access to our systems or information through fraud or other means of deceiving our employees, suppliers or third party service providers. despite the company's implementation of preventative security measures to prevent, detect, address and mitigate these threats, our infrastructure may still be susceptible to disruptions from cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, security breaches, computer viruses, outages, systems failures or other catastrophic events, any of which could include reputational damage, loss of our intellectual property, litigation with third parties and/or governmental investigations, among other things, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which became effective in may 2018, and the state of california's california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"), which became effective january 1, 2020, impose significant new requirements and additional obligations for companies on how they collect, process and transfer personal data by enhancing consumer privacy rights and imposing significant fines for non-compliance. the potential for fines and other related costs in the event of a breach of or non-compliance with the gdpr, ccpa or other existing or proposed information security or privacy laws and requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial results.
changes in fiscal and tax policies, audits and examinations by taxing authorities could impact the company's results.
the company is subject to taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions.  the company is also subject to tax examinations by various tax authorities and in addition, new examinations could be initiated by tax authorities. as the company has operations in jurisdictions throughout the world, the risk of tax examinations will continue to occur. the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may be materially impacted by the results of these tax examinations.
any future changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting standards for income taxes and/or other tax guidance, including related interpretations, could materially impact the company's current, non-current and deferred tax assets and liabilities, and consequently, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we rely on patent and trade secret laws, copyright, trademark, confidentiality procedures, controls and contractual commitments to protect our intellectual property rights. despite our efforts, these protections may be limited and we may encounter difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights, particularly in certain countries outside the u.s. we cannot provide assurance that the patents that we hold or may obtain will provide meaningful protection against our competitors. changes in national or international laws concerning intellectual property may affect our ability to prevent or address the misappropriation of, or the unauthorized use of, our intellectual property, potentially resulting in loss of market share. litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights. litigation is inherently uncertain and outcomes are often unpredictable. if we cannot protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized copying or use, or other misappropriation, we may not remain competitive.
the company is subject to customer claims, litigation and other regulatory or legal proceedings.
the company is currently engaged in, or subject to, various customer claims, litigation and other regulatory and legal matters and may be subject to additional claims, litigation and other regulatory or legal proceedings in the future. such matters expose the company to risks that could be material, including but not limited to, risks related to employment disputes, tax controversies, government investigations, intellectual property infringement, compliance with environmental laws, unfair sales practices, product safety and liability, and product warranty and other contract-related claims. these matters may subject the company to lawsuits, product recalls, government investigations and criminal liability, including claims for compensatory, punitive or consequential damages, and could result in disruptions to our business and significant legal expenses. these matters could also damage our reputation, harm our relationships with customers or negatively affect product demand. while the company does maintain certain insurance coverages that may mitigate losses associated with some of these types of claims and proceedings, the policies may not respond in all cases and the amount of insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover the total claims and liabilities. any current or future substantial liabilities or regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.
the company is subject to environmental laws and regulations that could adversely affect its business.
the company operates in both the united states and various foreign jurisdictions, and we must comply with locally enacted laws and regulations addressing health, safety and environmental matters in such jurisdictions in which we manufacture and/or sell our products. certain operations of the company are subject to locally enacted environmental laws and regulations which govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. while the company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, the company and its operations may be subject to liabilities, regardless of fault, for investigative and/or remediation efforts on such matters that may arise at any of the company's former or current properties, either owned or leased. such liabilities could result from the use of hazardous materials in production, the disposal of products, damages associated with the use of any of our products or other related matters. we cannot be certain as to the potential impact of any changes to environmental conditions or environmental policies that may arise at any of our jurisdictions. our failure to comply with these local environmental laws and regulations could result in fines or other punitive damages and/or modifications to our production processes as well as subject us to reputational harm, any of which could adversely impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the three years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, herein. the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in u.s. dollars, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("u.s. gaap"). the following discussion and analysis also includes references to certain non-gaap financial measures, which are defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, including "constant currency net sales growth" and "organic net sales growth". for purposes of the following discussion, the terms "constant currencies" and "organically" have the same meanings, respectively, as these aforementioned non-gaap financial measures. refer to "non-gaap financial measures" within this item 7 for more information, including our reasons for including non-gaap financial measures and material limitations with respect to the usefulness of the measures.
in addition to historical information, the following discussion and analysis also contains certain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risk factors described in part i, item 1a herein, as well as the risks and uncertainties that exist with the use of forward-looking statements as described in the "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" section included herein at the beginning of this annual report on form 10-k.
overview general amphenol corporation (together with its subsidiaries, "amphenol", the "company", "we", "our", or "us") is one of the world's largest designers, manufacturers and marketers of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors and interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products and coaxial and high-speed specialty cable. the company operates through two reporting segments: (i) interconnect products and assemblies and (ii) cable products and solutions. in 2019, approximately 69% of the company's sales were outside the united states. the primary end markets for our products are:
●   information technology and communication devices and systems for the converging technologies of voice, video and data communications;
●   a broad range of industrial applications and traditional, hybrid and electric automotive applications; and
the company's products are used in a wide variety of applications by numerous customers around the world. the company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. there has been a trend on the part of customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. the company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. the company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers.
strategy the company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. the company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. the company is also focused on controlling costs. the company does this by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes and expanding into lower cost areas.
the company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing the following success factors:
●   develop high technology performance-enhancing interconnect solutions;
●   pursue strategic acquisitions and investments; and
●   foster collaborative, entrepreneurial management.
in 2019, the company reported net sales of $8,225.4, which was flat compared to 2018, along with operating income and net income attributable to amphenol corporation of $1,619.2 and $1,155.0, respectively, both representing a decrease of 4% from 2018. in 2019, the company's net income attributable to amphenol corporation was impacted by (a) excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation of $38.1 resulting from stock option exercises, partially offset by (b) acquisition-related expenses of $25.4 ($21.0 after-tax) primarily from the amortization related to the value associated with acquired backlog as well as external transaction costs and (c) refinancing-related costs associated with the early extinguishment of debt of $14.3 ($12.5 after-tax), comprised primarily of the premiums and other fees incurred from the early extinguishment of redeemed amounts of our 3.125% senior notes and 4.00% senior notes resulting from the tender offers in september 2019 described herein under "liquidity and capital resources - financing activities". in 2018, the company's net income attributable to amphenol corporation was impacted by the recognition of an income tax benefit of $14.5 related to the completion of the accounting for the tax act charge (defined below) in the fourth quarter of 2018, along with excess tax benefits of $19.8 from stock option exercises, partially offset by acquisition-related expenses incurred during the year. excluding the effects of these items, adjusted operating income and adjusted net income attributable to amphenol corporation, as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below and as reconciled in part ii, item 7 herein, decreased by 3% and 2%, respectively, in 2019. sales and profitability trends are discussed in detail in "results of operations" below. in addition, a strength of the company has been its ability to consistently generate cash from operations. the company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends and reduce indebtedness. in 2019, the company generated operating cash flow of $1,502.3, which net of capital expenditures of $295.0, resulted in free cash flow of $1,207.3. free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure, is defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below and reconciled within this part ii, item 7 herein.
tax cuts and jobs act of 2017
on december 22, 2017, the united states federal government enacted the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax act"), marking a change from a worldwide tax system to a modified territorial tax system in the united states and a reduction of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. as a result of the tax act, in the fourth quarter of 2017, the company recorded an income tax charge of $398.5 ("tax act charge"). the tax act charge was a provisional amount recorded in accordance with sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118"), which was subsequently codified under asu 2018-05, income taxes (topic 740): amendments to sec paragraphs pursuant to sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118. consistent with asu 2018-05, the company completed its accounting of the tax act charge and recorded an income tax benefit of $14.5 in 2018, reflecting the interpretive guidance that was issued subsequent to our 2017 form 10-k filing. while the company completed its accounting of the tax act in the fourth quarter of 2018 based on the regulatory guidance issued at that time, the department of treasury interpretive guidance initiatives are ongoing. refer to note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the tax act.
results of operations the following table sets forth the components of net income attributable to amphenol corporation as a percentage of net sales for the years indicated.
cost of sales                                               68.2                67.6                67.1
operating income                                            19.7                20.6                20.4
loss on early extinguishment of debt                       (0.2)                   -                   -
net sales were $8,225.4 for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to $8,202.0 for the year ended december 31, 2018, which was flat in u.s. dollars, an increase of 2% in constant currencies and a decrease of 3% organically (excluding both currency and acquisition impacts), over the prior year. net sales in the interconnect products and assemblies segment (approximately 95% of net sales) increased 1% in u.s. dollars and 2% in constant currencies, while decreasing 3% organically, in 2019 compared to 2018. the sales growth was driven by strong growth in the military and commercial aerospace markets as well as contributions from the company's acquisition program. this sales growth was largely offset by reductions in the communications-related markets, in particular the mobile devices market, along with the negative effect of currency translation. net sales to the military market increased (approximately $181.0), driven by broad-based strength across essentially all segments including military vehicle, rotorcraft, and military airframe applications. net sales to the commercial aerospace market increased (approximately $48.7) primarily due to strength in large passenger planes. net sales to the industrial market increased (approximately $66.1), primarily driven by contributions from acquisitions, as well as strength in medical and factory automation applications, which were partially offset by moderations in industrial instrumentation, heavy equipment and transportation, as well as other applications. net sales to the automotive market increased (approximately $38.0), driven primarily by contributions from acquisitions, which were partially offset by moderations in demand due to the slowing of the worldwide automotive market. net sales to the information technology and data communications market slightly increased (approximately $5.6), driven primarily by contributions from acquisitions and organic growth of sales to data center customers, offset by moderations in market demand for storage and networking related products. net sales to the mobile devices market decreased (approximately $277.5), driven by moderations in sales of products incorporated into smartphones. net sales to the mobile networks market decreased (approximately $10.2), due to reduced demand from both mobile networks equipment manufacturers and mobile operators, offset in part by contributions from acquisitions. net sales in the cable products and solutions segment (approximately 5% of net sales), which primarily serves the broadband communications market, decreased 8% in u.s. dollars, 6% in constant currencies and 7% organically in 2019, compared to 2018. the decrease in the cable products and solutions segment was primarily due to a reduction in demand from broadband service providers.
the table below reconciles constant currency net sales growth and organic net sales growth to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures, by segment and consolidated, for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018:
percentage growth (relative to prior year)
net sales                   foreign               constant                                          organic growth in                   currency              currency net                acquisition           net sales u.s. dollars (1)            impact (2)            sales growth (3)            impact (4)            growth (3)
(1)   net sales growth in u.s. dollars is calculated based on net sales as reported in the consolidated statements of income and note 13 of the accompanying financial statements. while the term "net sales growth in u.s. dollars" is not considered a u.s. gaap financial measure, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (gaap) measure based on gaap results, which serves as the basis for the reconciliation to its comparable non-gaap financial measures.
(2)   foreign currency translation impact, a non-gaap measure, represents the impact on net sales resulting from foreign currency exchange rate changes in the current year compared to the prior year. such amount is calculated by subtracting current year net sales translated at average foreign currency exchange rates for the respective prior year from current year reported net sales, taken as a percentage of the respective prior year's net sales.
(3)   constant currency net sales growth and organic net sales growth are non-gaap financial measures as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section.
(4)   acquisition impact, a non-gaap measure, represents the impact on net sales resulting from acquisitions closed since the beginning of the prior calendar year, which were not included in the company's results as of the comparable prior year and which do not reflect the underlying growth of the company on a comparative basis.
geographically, net sales in the united states in 2019 increased approximately 13% in u.s. dollars ($2,524.7 in 2019 versus $2,241.4 in 2018) and 4% organically, compared to 2018. foreign sales in 2019 decreased approximately 4% in u.s. dollars ($5,700.7 in 2019 versus $5,960.6 in 2018), 2% in constant currencies and 6% organically, compared to 2018, driven by moderations in asia. the comparatively stronger u.s. dollar in 2019 had the effect of decreasing net sales by approximately $125.8 when compared to foreign currency translation rates in 2018.
selling, general and administrative expenses were $971.4 or 11.8% of net sales for 2019, compared to $959.5 or 11.7% of net sales for 2018. administrative expenses were flat in 2019 compared to 2018, and represented approximately 4.7% of net sales in both years. research and development expenses increased approximately $13.3 in 2019 primarily related to increases in expenses for new product development, and represented approximately 2.8% of net sales in 2019 and 2.7% of net sales in 2018. selling and marketing expenses were flat in 2019 compared to 2018, and represented approximately 4.3% of net sales in both years.
operating income was $1,619.2 or 19.7% of net sales in 2019, compared to $1,686.9 or 20.6% of net sales in 2018. operating income for 2019 included acquisition-related expenses of $25.4, comprising of the amortization of $15.7 related to the value associated with acquired backlog resulting from 2019 acquisitions, with the remainder representing external transaction costs. operating income for 2018 included acquisition-related expenses of $8.5, related to external transaction costs. these acquisition-related expenses are separately presented in the consolidated statements of income. excluding the effect of these acquisition-related expenses, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin, as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, were $1,644.6 or 20.0% of net sales in 2019 and $1,695.4 or 20.7% in 2018. operating income for the interconnect products and assemblies segment in 2019 was $1,722.7 or 22.0% of net sales, compared to $1,752.5 or 22.5% of net sales in 2018. the slight decrease in operating margin for the interconnect products and assemblies segment for 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily driven by normal downside conversion related to the organic decline in sales as well as the impact of recent acquisitions which currently have, on average, a lower operating margin than the average of the interconnect products and assemblies segment. in addition, the operating income for the cable products and solutions segment in 2019 was $39.5 or 10.2% of net sales, compared to $52.6 or 12.5% of net sales in 2018. the decrease in operating income margin for the cable products and solutions segment in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily driven by lower volumes and product mix.
interest expense was $117.6 in 2019 compared to $101.7 in 2018. the increase is primarily due to higher average debt levels and the higher average interest rate associated with the 4.350% u.s. senior notes issuance in january 2019 (the net proceeds of which, along with commercial paper borrowings, were used to repay the company's 2.55% u.s. senior notes also in january 2019).
loss on early extinguishment of debt was $14.3 in 2019, which related to refinancing-related costs, specifically premiums and fees incurred associated with the early extinguishment of certain redeemed principal amounts of the 3.125% senior notes and 4.00% senior notes (collectively, the "tendered notes") as a result of the tender offers in
september 2019. refer to note 4 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the liquidity and capital resources section within this item 7 for further information related to the tendered notes.
provision for income taxes was at an effective rate of 22.2% in 2019 and 23.4% in 2018. provision for income taxes in 2019 included excess tax benefits of $38.1 from stock option exercises, which was partially offset by the tax effects related to (i) acquisition-related expenses during the year and (ii) refinancing-related costs associated with the early extinguishment of debt. provision for income taxes in 2018 included (i) excess tax benefits of $19.8 from stock option exercises and (ii) an income tax benefit of $14.5 related to the completion of the accounting for the tax act charge, which were partially offset by the tax effect related to acquisition-related expenses during the year. these items had the aggregate effect of lowering the effective tax rate and increasing earnings per share by the amounts noted in the tables below. excluding the effect of these items, the adjusted effective tax rate, a non-gaap financial measure as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below within this item 7, was 24.5% and 25.5% for 2019 and 2018, respectively, as reconciled in the table below to the comparable effective tax rate based on gaap results. for additional details related to the reconciliation between the u.s. statutory federal tax rate and the company's effective tax rate for these years, refer to note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
net income attributable to amphenol corporation and net income per common share-diluted ("diluted eps") was $1,155.0 and $3.75, respectively, for 2019, compared to $1,205.0 and $3.85, respectively, for 2018. excluding the effect of the aforementioned items, adjusted net income attributable to amphenol corporation and adjusted diluted eps, as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below within this item 7, were $1,150.4 and $3.74, respectively, for 2019, compared to $1,177.9 and $3.77, respectively, for 2018.
the following table reconciles adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income attributable to amphenol corporation, adjusted effective tax rate and adjusted diluted eps (all defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below) to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
net income                                                                                   net income attributable          effective                                                              attributable          effective operating          operating        to amphenol           tax             diluted            operating          operating        to amphenol           tax             diluted income             margin (1)       corporation           rate (1)        eps                income             margin (1)       corporation           rate (1)        eps reported (gaap)                                               $1,619.2      19.7              %   $1,155.0              22.2        %   $3.75              $1,686.9      20.6              %   $1,205.0              23.4        %   $3.85
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                 -           -                         12.5         (0.1)                 0.04                -           -                         -            -                     -
excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation              -           -                         (38.1)       2.5                   (0.12)              -           -                         (19.8)       1.2                   (0.06)
tax act charge (benefit)                                             -           -                         -            -                     -                   -           -                         (14.5)       0.9                   (0.04)
(1)   while the terms "operating margin" and "effective tax rate" are not considered u.s. gaap financial measures, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (gaap) measures based on gaap results, which serve as the basis for the reconciliation to their comparable non-gaap financial measure.
net sales were $8,202.0 for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to $7,011.3 for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of 17% in both u.s. dollars and constant currencies and 14% organically (excluding both currency and acquisition impacts) over the prior year. net sales in the interconnect products and assemblies segment (approximately 95% of net sales) increased 18% in u.s. dollars, 17% in constant currencies and 14% organically in 2018, compared to 2017. the sales growth was driven by growth in the mobile devices, industrial, automotive, information technology and data communications, military, mobile networks and commercial aerospace markets, partially offset by a slight decline in sales into the broadband communications market, with growth resulting primarily from organic strength, in addition to contributions from the company's acquisitions. net sales to the mobile devices market increased (approximately $403.6) primarily due to growth in sales of products incorporated into smartphones and related accessories, partially offset by declining sales of products incorporated into tablets. net sales to
the industrial market increased (approximately $214.9), reflecting sales strength in medical, heavy equipment, electric vehicle, railway and mass transit, and oil and gas, as well as contributions from acquisitions. net sales to the automotive market increased (approximately $184.9), driven by growth and expansion in most regions of the global automotive market, as well as contributions from acquisitions. net sales to the information technology and data communications market increased (approximately $166.1), reflecting organic growth in products for data centers, including server and networking-related applications, storage, and consumer electronics. net sales to the military market increased (approximately $133.2), driven by broad strength across the market including increased sales into avionics, military communications and military airframe applications, as well as missile applications. net sales to the mobile networks market increased (approximately $56.3), due to increased sales to both mobile networks equipment manufacturers and mobile operators. net sales to the commercial aerospace market increased (approximately $39.6) primarily due to strength in large passenger planes. net sales in the cable products and solutions segment (approximately 5% of net sales), which primarily serves the broadband communications market, increased 4% in u.s. dollars, 6% in constant currencies and 6% organically in 2018, compared to 2017. the increase in the cable products and solutions segment was primarily due to an increase in cable products sold into the mobile networks market, which was partially offset by the slight decrease in sales into the broadband communications market.
the table below reconciles constant currency net sales growth and organic net sales growth to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures, by segment and consolidated, for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017:
percentage growth (relative to prior year)
net sales                   foreign               constant                                          organic growth in                   currency              currency net                acquisition           net sales u.s. dollars (1)            impact (2)            sales growth (3)            impact (4)            growth (3)
(1)   net sales growth in u.s. dollars is calculated based on net sales as reported in the consolidated statements of income and note 13 of the accompanying financial statements. while the term "net sales growth in u.s. dollars" is not considered a u.s. gaap financial measure, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (gaap) measure based on gaap results, which serves as the basis for the reconciliation to its comparable non-gaap financial measures.
(2)   foreign currency translation impact, a non-gaap measure, represents the impact on net sales resulting from foreign currency exchange rate changes in the current year compared to the prior year. such amount is calculated by subtracting current year net sales translated at average foreign currency exchange rates for the respective prior year from current year reported net sales, taken as a percentage of the respective prior year's net sales.
(3)   constant currency net sales growth and organic net sales growth are non-gaap financial measures as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section.
(4)   acquisition impact, a non-gaap measure, represents the impact on net sales resulting from acquisitions closed since the beginning of the prior calendar year, which were not included in the company's results as of the comparable prior year and which do not reflect the underlying growth of the company on a comparative basis.
geographically, net sales in the united states in 2018 increased approximately 13% in u.s. dollars ($2,241.4 in 2018 versus $1,978.4 in 2017) and 9% organically, compared to 2017. foreign sales in 2018 increased approximately 18% in u.s. dollars ($5,960.6 in 2018 versus $5,032.9 in 2017), 17% in constant currencies and 15% organically, compared to 2017 with strength in both asia and europe. the comparatively slightly weaker u.s. dollar in 2018 had an insignificant effect on net sales compared to 2017.
selling, general and administrative expenses were $959.5 or 11.7% of net sales for 2018, compared to $878.3 or 12.5% of net sales for 2017. administrative expenses increased approximately $46.4 in 2018 primarily related to increases in employee-related benefits and stock-based compensation expense, and represented approximately 4.7% of net sales in 2018 and 4.8% of net sales in 2017. research and development expenses increased approximately $27.2 in 2018 primarily related to increases in expenses for new product development and represented approximately 2.7% of net sales in 2018 and 2.8% of net sales in 2017. selling and marketing expenses increased approximately $7.6 in 2018 primarily related to the increase in sales volume and represented approximately 4.3% of net sales in 2018 and 4.9% of net sales in 2017.
operating income was $1,686.9 or 20.6% of net sales in 2018, compared to $1,427.6 or 20.4% of net sales in 2017. operating income for 2018 and 2017 includes acquisition-related expenses of $8.5 and $4.0, respectively, related to external transaction costs. these acquisition-related expenses are separately presented in the consolidated statements of income. excluding the effect of these acquisition-related expenses, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin, as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, were $1,695.4 or 20.7% of net sales in 2018
and $1,431.6 or 20.4% in 2017. the increase in adjusted operating margin for 2018 compared to 2017 was driven primarily by an increase in operating margin for the interconnect products and assemblies segment. operating income for the interconnect products and assemblies segment in 2018 was $1,752.5 or 22.5% of net sales, compared to $1,475.2 or 22.3% of net sales in 2017.  the increase in operating income margin was driven primarily by strong operating leverage on higher sales volumes. in addition, the operating income for the cable products and solutions segment in 2018 was $52.6 or 12.5% of net sales, compared to $54.2 or 13.4% of net sales in 2017. the decrease in operating income margin for the cable products and solutions segment in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily driven by increases in certain commodity costs.
provision for income taxes was at an effective rate of 23.4% in 2018 and 51.1% in 2017. the lower effective tax rate in 2018 compared to 2017 resulted primarily from the tax act charge of $398.5 recorded in 2017, which was partially offset by the excess tax benefits of $66.6 from stock option exercises. the effects of these items were significantly lower in 2018, as the company recorded an income tax benefit of $14.5 in 2018 related to the completion of the accounting for the tax act charge, along with the excess tax benefits of $19.8 from stock option exercises.  excluding the effect of these items along with the effect of acquisition-related expenses in each respective year, the adjusted effective tax rate, a non-gaap financial measure defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, was 25.5% and 26.5% for 2018 and 2017, respectively, as reconciled in the table below to the comparable effective tax rate based on gaap results. for additional details related to the reconciliation between the u.s. statutory federal tax rate and the company's effective tax rate for these years, refer to note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
net income attributable to amphenol corporation and net income per common share-diluted ("diluted eps") was $1,205.0 and $3.85, respectively, for 2018, compared to $650.5 and $2.06, respectively, for 2017. excluding the effect of the aforementioned items, adjusted net income attributable to amphenol corporation and adjusted diluted eps, as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below within this item 7, were $1,177.9 and $3.77, respectively, for 2018, compared to $986.1 and $3.12, respectively, for 2017.
the following table reconciles adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income attributable to amphenol corporation, adjusted effective tax rate and adjusted diluted eps (all defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below) to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017:
net income                                                                                   net income attributable          effective                                                              attributable          effective operating          operating        to amphenol           tax             diluted            operating          operating        to amphenol           tax             diluted income             margin (1)       corporation           rate (1)        eps                income             margin (1)       corporation           rate (1)        eps reported (gaap)                                               $1,686.9      20.6              %   $1,205.0              23.4        %   $3.85              $1,427.6      20.4              %   $650.5                51.1        %   $2.06
excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation              -           -                         (19.8)       1.2                   (0.06)              -           -                         (66.6)       4.9                   (0.21)
tax act charge (benefit)                                             -           -                         (14.5)       0.9                   (0.04)              -           -                          398.5       (29.5)                  1.26
(1)   while the terms "operating margin" and "effective tax rate" are not considered u.s. gaap financial measures, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (gaap) measures based on gaap results, which serve as the basis for the reconciliation to their comparable non-gaap financial measure.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity and cash requirements at december 31, 2019 and 2018, the company had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $908.6 and $1,291.7, respectively. the vast majority of the company's cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 is located outside of the united states.
prior to the tax act, the company asserted its intention to indefinitely reinvest outside of the united states all of its foreign earnings not otherwise distributed currently. for earnings occurring on or after january 1, 2018, the tax act's change to a modified territorial tax system in the united states has significantly reduced the u.s. tax expense associated with the remittance of foreign earnings, among other changes. the tax act also imposed a one-time transition tax ("transition tax") on all of the company's pre-2018 accumulated unremitted foreign earnings. as a result, on december 31, 2017, the company recorded a provisional u.s. tax expense for the transition tax, which was adjusted and finalized in 2018. this transition tax on the deemed repatriation of the accumulated unremitted earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries will be paid, net of applicable tax credits and deductions, in annual installments until 2025, as permitted under the tax act.
as a result of the tax act, on december 31, 2017, the company indicated an intention to repatriate most of its pre-2018 accumulated earnings and recorded the foreign and u.s. state and local tax costs related to the repatriation. the associated tax payments are due as the repatriations are made. on december 31, 2018, the company indicated its intention to distribute certain 2018 foreign earnings and accrue foreign and u.s. state and local taxes, if applicable, on those earnings as appropriate and indefinitely reinvest all remaining 2018 foreign earnings. the company intends to distribute certain 2019 foreign earnings and has accrued foreign and u.s. state and local taxes, if applicable, on those earnings as appropriate as of december 31, 2019, and intends to indefinitely reinvest all remaining 2019 foreign earnings. the company intends to evaluate certain post-2019 earnings for distribution, and accrue for those distributions where appropriate, and to indefinitely reinvest all other foreign earnings. as of december 31, 2019, the company has not provided for deferred income taxes on undistributed foreign earnings related to certain geographies of approximately $900, as it is the company's intention to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the united states. it is impracticable to calculate the amount of taxes that would be payable if these undistributed foreign earnings were to be repatriated.
the company's primary sources of liquidity are internally generated cash flow, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand, the u.s. commercial paper program, the euro commercial paper program, and the revolving credit facility (each as defined below in this item 7).  the company believes that its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash flow from operations, availability under its credit facilities, and access to capital markets provide adequate liquidity to meet its obligations for at least the next twelve months.
the company's primary ongoing cash requirements will be for operating and capital expenditures, product development activities, repurchases of its common stock, dividends, debt service, payments associated with the transition tax (which is payable in annual installments until 2025), taxes due upon the repatriation of foreign earnings (which will be payable upon the repatriation of such earnings), and funding of pension obligations. the company's debt service requirements consist primarily of principal and interest on the company's senior notes (including the 2.20% senior notes due in april 2020), revolving credit facility, and commercial paper programs (all as defined below). the company may also use cash to fund all or part of the cost of acquisitions. the company expects that capital expenditures in 2020 will be in a range of 3% to 4% of net sales.
cash flow summary the following table summarizes the company's cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, as reflected in the consolidated statements of cash flow:
net cash provided by operating activities                          $1,502.3                $1,112.7                      $1,144.2
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                 (13.2)                  (40.6)                  60.6
net change in cash and cash equivalents                            $(388.1)                $(439.8)                        $684.5
operating activities the ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of the company's fundamental financial strengths. cash flow provided by operating activities ("operating cash flow") was $1,502.3 for 2019 compared to $1,112.7 for 2018. the increase in operating cash flow for 2019 is primarily related to a lower usage of cash related to the change in working capital. in addition, operating cash flow in 2018 also reflected the company's voluntary cash contribution of approximately $81.0 in the first quarter of 2018 to fund our u.s. defined benefit pension plans ("u.s. plans", and together with its foreign plans, the "plans"), while no such voluntary cash contribution to the u.s. plans was made in 2019. operating cash flow was $1,112.7 for 2018 compared to $1,144.2 for 2017. the decrease in operating cash flow for 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily related to (i) certain tax payments made, primarily in the first half of 2018, related to the tax act charge of approximately $87.0, including the first annual installment of the transition tax of approximately $18 in the second quarter of 2018 and payments for foreign and u.s. state and local taxes of approximately $69 related to foreign cash repatriated during 2018 and (ii) the company's voluntary cash contribution of approximately $81.0 in the first quarter of 2018 to fund our u.s. plans. excluding these items, operating cash flow in 2018 increased compared to 2017 primarily due to the increase in net income, which was partially offset by the higher usage of cash related to the change in working capital.
in 2019, the components of working capital as presented on the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flow increased $81.6, excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, primarily due to decreases in accrued liabilities, including income taxes, of $129.3 and accounts payable of $60.2, partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of $117.3. in 2018, the components of working capital as presented on the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flow increased $362.4, excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, primarily due to increases in accounts receivable, inventories and other current assets of $237.9, $173.3 and $47.7, respectively, partially offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, including income taxes, of $48.8 and $47.7, respectively. in 2017, the components of working capital as presented on the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flow increased $158.1, excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, due primarily to increases in accounts receivable, inventories and other current assets of $146.5, $100.4 and $75.9, respectively, partially offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $140.5 and $24.2, respectively.
the following describes the significant changes in the amounts as presented on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2019 compared to december 31, 2018. accounts receivable decreased $55.4 to $1,736.4 primarily due to lower sales volumes in the fourth quarter of 2019 relative to the fourth quarter of 2018 as well as the effect of translation from exchange rate changes at december 31, 2019 compared to december 31, 2018 ("translation"), partially offset by the impact of acquisitions. days sales outstanding at december 31, 2019 and 2018 were approximately 73 days. inventories increased $76.3 to $1,310.1, primarily due to the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by translation. inventory days at december 31, 2019 and 2018 were approximately 80 days and 74 days, respectively. property, plant and equipment, net, increased $123.2 to $999.0, primarily due to capital expenditures of $295.0 and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by depreciation of $240.0, disposals and translation. goodwill increased $763.9 to $4,867.1 primarily as a result of goodwill recognized related to nine acquisitions that closed in 2019, partially offset by translation. other intangible assets, net increased $44.1 to $442.0 primarily due to the recognition of certain identifiable intangible assets of $111.8 related to the 2019 acquisitions, partially offset by amortization of $67.3. other long-term assets increased $199.8 to $296.2 primarily due to the adoption of the new lease standard ("topic 842") described in note 1 and note 10 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements, which resulted in the recognition of $196.7 of operating lease right-of-use assets as of december 31, 2019. accounts payable decreased $23.7 to $866.8, primarily due to less purchasing activity resulting from lower sales activity and translation, partially offset by the impact of acquisitions. payable days at december 31, 2019 and 2018 were 53 days. total accrued expenses, including accrued income taxes, increased $66.1 to $862.6, primarily as a result of the adoption of topic 842, which resulted in the recognition of $54.0 of current operating lease liabilities as of december 31, 2019, and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by certain tax payments. other long-term liabilities, including deferred tax liabilities, increased $151.6 to $684.4, primarily as a result of the adoption of topic 842, which resulted in the recognition of $145.4 of long-term operating lease liabilities as of december 31, 2019.
in 2019 and 2018, the company made aggregate cash contributions to its defined benefit pension plans of approximately $6.6 and $88.3, respectively, of which approximately $81.0 of the 2018 contributions related to the january 2018 voluntary cash contribution to fund our u.s. plans. there is no current requirement for cash contributions
to any of the u.s. plans, and the company plans to evaluate annually, based on actuarial calculations and the investment performance of the plans' assets, the timing and amount of cash contributions in the future.
in addition to operating cash flow, the company also considers free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, as a key metric in measuring the company's ability to generate cash. the following table reconciles free cash flow to its most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017. the increase in free cash flow in 2019 compared to 2018 was driven by the increase in operating cash flow, as described above. the decrease in free cash flow in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily related to an increase in capital expenditures to support certain new customer programs, along with a modest decrease in operating cash flow, as described above.
operating cash flow (gaap)              $1,502.3             $1,112.7             $1,144.2
capital expenditures (gaap)              (295.0)              (310.6)              (226.6)
investing activities cash flows from investing activities consist primarily of cash flows associated with capital expenditures, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, sales and maturities (purchases) of short-term investments, net, and acquisitions.
net cash used in investing activities was $1,228.8 in 2019, compared to $441.8 in 2018 and $380.2 in 2017. in 2019, net cash used in investing activities was driven primarily by the use of $937.4 to fund acquisitions, capital expenditures (net of disposals) of $287.6, and net purchases of short-term investments of $3.8. in 2018, net cash used in investing activities was driven primarily by capital expenditures (net of disposals) of $305.6 and the use of $158.9 to fund acquisitions, partially offset by net sales and maturities of short-term investments of $22.7. in 2017, net cash used in investing activities was driven primarily by the use of $265.5 to fund acquisitions, along with capital expenditures (net of disposals) of $222.5, partially offset by net sales and maturities of short-term investments of $107.8.
financing activities cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of cash flows associated with borrowings and repayments of the company's credit facilities and other long-term debt, repurchases of common stock, proceeds from the exercise of stock options, dividend payments, and distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests.
net cash used in financing activities was $648.4 in 2019, compared to $1,070.1 in 2018 and $140.1 in 2017. in 2019, net cash used in financing activities was driven primarily by (i) the aggregate repayments of certain of the company's senior notes and other long-term debt (primarily the 2.55% u.s. senior notes due january 2019 and the early extinguishment of the tendered notes in september 2019) of $1,111.5, (ii) repurchases of the company's common stock of $601.7, (iii) dividend payments of $279.5, (iv) net repayments under the company's commercial paper programs of $229.0, (v) distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests of $43.3, (vi) payments of costs of $14.9 related to debt financing primarily associated with the 2029 senior notes, the revolving credit facility, and the 2030 senior notes (each as defined below), and (vii) premiums and fees paid of $13.4 related to the early extinguishment of the tendered notes, partially offset by (i) aggregate net cash proceeds from the issuances of the 2029 senior notes and the 2030 senior notes of $1,398.8 and (ii) cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $246.1. in 2018, net cash used in financing activities was driven primarily by (i) repurchases of the company's common stock of $935.2, (ii) net repayments of commercial paper and other debt of $559.8, (iii) dividend payments of $253.7, (iv) distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests of $18.2 and (v) payments of costs of $5.6 related to debt financing associated with the issuances of the euro senior notes and euro commercial paper program, partially offset by (i) net cash proceeds from the october 2018 issuance of the euro senior notes of $571.7 and (ii) cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $130.7. in 2017, net cash used in financing activities was driven primarily by (i) repurchases of the company's common stock of $618.0, (ii) repayment of the company's 1.55% senior notes due september 2017 of $375.0, (iii) dividend payments of $205.0, (iv) distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests of $24.4, and (v) payments of costs of $5.2 related to debt financing associated with the issuances of two series of senior notes, partially offset by (i) borrowings related to the issuances of two series of senior notes in april 2017 of $749.3, (ii) net borrowings under the u.s. commercial paper program of $154.1, and (iii) cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $184.1.
the company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. the company uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. the company's debt financing includes the use of the commercial paper programs, revolving credit facility and senior notes as part of its overall cash management strategy.
on january 15, 2019, the company amended its $2,000.0 unsecured credit facility with a $2,500.0 unsecured credit facility ("revolving credit facility"). the revolving credit facility, which matures january 2024, increases the lenders' aggregate commitments by $500.0 and gives the company the ability to borrow at a spread over libor. the company may utilize the revolving credit facility for general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2019, there were no borrowings under the revolving credit facility. the revolving credit facility requires payment of certain annual agency and commitment fees and requires that the company satisfy certain financial covenants. at december 31, 2019, the company was in compliance with the financial covenants under the revolving credit facility.
the company has a commercial paper program pursuant to which the company issues short-term unsecured commercial paper notes in one or more private placements in the united states (the "u.s. commercial paper program"). the amount of u.s. commercial paper notes outstanding ("uscp notes") as of december 31, 2019 was $160.0.
on july 10, 2018, the company and one of its wholly owned european subsidiaries (the "euro issuer") entered into a euro-commercial paper program (the "euro commercial paper program" and, together with the u.s. commercial paper program, the "commercial paper programs") pursuant to which the euro issuer may issue short-term unsecured commercial paper notes (the "ecp notes" and, together with the uscp notes, the "commercial paper"), which are guaranteed by the company and are to be issued outside of the united states. the ecp notes may be issued in euros, sterling, u.s. dollars or other currencies. the amount of ecp notes outstanding as of december 31, 2019 was €210.0 (approximately $235.5).
amounts available under the commercial paper programs may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. as of december 31, 2019, the authorization from the company's board of directors limits the maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding of uscp notes, ecp notes, and any other commercial paper, euro-commercial paper or similar programs at any time to $2,500.0, consistent with the revolving credit facility. in addition, the maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding of uscp notes at any time is $2,500.0, while the maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding of ecp notes at any time is $2,000.0.  the commercial paper programs are rated a-2 by standard & poor's and p-2 by moody's and are currently backstopped by the revolving credit facility, as amounts undrawn under the company's revolving credit facility are available to repay commercial paper, if necessary. net proceeds of the issuances of commercial paper are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. the company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future.
as of december 31, 2019, the company has outstanding senior notes (the "senior notes") as follows:
the u.s. senior notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the company's other unsecured senior indebtedness. interest on each series of the u.s. senior notes is payable semiannually. the company may, at its option, redeem some or all of any series of u.s. senior notes, subject to certain terms and conditions. the 2.20% senior notes are due in april 2020 and are therefore recorded, net of the related unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, within current portion of long-term debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2019.
on january 9, 2019, the company issued $500.0 principal amount of unsecured 4.350% senior notes due june 1, 2029 at 99.904% of face value (the "2029 senior notes"), the net proceeds of which were used, along with proceeds
from borrowings under the u.s. commercial paper program, to repay the $750.0 of the company's 2.55% senior notes due in january 2019.
on september 4, 2019, the company commenced tender offers ("tender offers") to purchase for cash any and all of the company's outstanding (i) $375.0 principal amount of its 3.125% senior notes due september 2021 ("2021 senior notes") and (ii) $500.0 principal amount of its 4.00% senior notes due february 2022 ("2022 senior notes"). on september 11, 2019, as a result of the tender offers, the company accepted for payment $147.3 aggregate principal amount of the 2021 senior notes and $205.0 aggregate principal amount of the 2022 senior notes for 101.9% and 104.5% of par value, respectively (collectively, the "tendered notes"), plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date of the tender offers. the total consideration for the tendered notes was $368.8, which in addition to the tendered notes, included $13.4 of premiums and fees paid related to the early extinguishment of debt and $3.1 of accrued interest. the remaining principal amounts associated with the 2021 senior notes and 2022 senior notes, which were not redeemed as a result of the tender offers, remain outstanding as of december 31, 2019.
on september 10, 2019, the company issued $900.0 principal amount of unsecured 2.800% senior notes due february 15, 2030 at 99.920% of face value (the "2030 senior notes"). in september 2019, the company used the net proceeds from the 2030 senior notes to fund the cash consideration payable in the tender offers, with the remaining net proceeds being used for general corporate purposes, including to partially reduce outstanding borrowings related to the u.s. commercial paper program.
on october 8, 2018, the euro issuer issued €500.0 (approximately $574.6 at date of issuance) principal amount of unsecured 2.000% senior notes due october 8, 2028 at 99.498% of face value (the "2028 euro notes", and collectively with the senior notes in the united states, "senior notes"). the 2028 euro notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the euro issuer's other unsecured senior indebtedness, and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the company. interest on the 2028 euro notes is payable annually on october 8 of each year, commencing on october 8, 2019. the company may, at its option, redeem some or all of the 2028 euro notes at any time, subject to certain terms and conditions.  the company used a portion of the net proceeds from the 2028 euro notes to repay a portion of the outstanding amounts under its commercial paper programs, with the remainder of the net proceeds being used for general corporate purposes.
the company's senior notes contain certain financial and non-financial covenants. at december 31, 2019, the company was in compliance with the financial covenants under its senior notes. refer to note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information related to the company's debt.
in april 2018, the company's board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the company may purchase up to $2,000.0 of the company's common stock during the three-year period ending april 24, 2021 (the "2018 stock repurchase program") in accordance with the requirements of rule 10b-18 of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"). during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, the company repurchased 6.5 million and 6.4 million shares of its common stock for $601.7 and $553.2, respectively, under the 2018 stock repurchase program. of the total repurchases in 2019, 5.5 million shares, or $514.1, have been retired by the company; the remaining 1.0 million shares, or $87.6, were retained in treasury stock at time of repurchase. of the total repurchases in 2018, 5.7 million shares, or $498.2, have been retired by the company; the remaining 0.7 million shares, or $55.0, had been retained in treasury stock at time of repurchase. from january 1, 2020 through january 31, 2020, the company repurchased 0.3 million additional shares of its common stock for $29.0, leaving $816.1 available to purchase under the 2018 stock repurchase program. the price and timing of any future purchases under the 2018 stock repurchase program will depend on factors such as levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock option exercises by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, dividends, economic and market conditions and stock price.
in january 2017, the company's board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the company could purchase up to $1,000.0 of the company's common stock during the two-year period ending january 24, 2019 (the "2017 stock repurchase program") in accordance with the requirements of rule 10b-18 of the exchange act. during the three months ended march 31, 2018, the company repurchased 4.2 million shares of its common stock for $382.0, while during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company repurchased 8.4 million shares of its common stock for $618.0. these shares have been retired by the company. these repurchases of 12.6 million shares for $1,000.0 completed the 2017 stock repurchase program. the repurchases in the first quarter of 2018, coupled with the company's repurchase of 6.4 million shares of its common stock for $553.2 under the 2018 stock repurchase program
during the nine months ended december 31, 2018, resulted in total repurchases of 10.6 million shares for $935.2 during the year ended december 31, 2018.
contingent upon declaration by the board of directors, the company generally pays a quarterly dividend on shares of its common stock. on july 23, 2019, the company's board of directors approved an increase to its quarterly dividend rate from $0.23 to $0.25 per share effective with dividends declared in the third quarter of 2019. the following table summarizes the declared quarterly dividends per share for each of the three years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017:
libor transition in july 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), announced its intent to phase out the use of libor by the end of 2021. the u.s. federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, a steering committee comprised of large u.s. financial institutions, identified the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as its preferred benchmark alternative to u.s. dollar libor. published by the federal reserve bank of new york, sofr represents a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, and is calculated based on directly observable u.s. treasury-backed repurchase transactions. the company is evaluating the potential impact of the replacement of libor (which ultimately may or may not be sofr), from both a risk management and financial reporting perspective, including the review of potential issues that might arise in connection with this transition. our current portfolio of debt and financial instruments tied to libor consists primarily of our commercial paper programs and revolving credit facility, the latter of which has no outstanding borrowings as of december 31, 2019. due to our current limited reliance on borrowings tied to libor, the company does not believe that this transition will have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
pensions the company and certain of its subsidiaries in the united states have defined benefit pension plans ("u.s. plans"), which cover certain u.s. employees and which represent the majority of the plan assets and benefit obligations of the aggregate defined benefit plans of the company. the u.s. plans' benefits are generally based on years of service and compensation and are generally noncontributory. certain u.s. employees not covered by the u.s. plans are covered by defined contribution plans. certain foreign subsidiaries also have defined benefit plans covering their employees (the "foreign plans" and, together with the u.s. plans, the "plans"). the total liability for accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations under the company's pension and postretirement benefit plans increased in 2019 to $184.8 from $178.5 in 2018 primarily due to the impact of lower discount rates on our projected benefit obligation, which was partially offset by higher actual returns on plan assets. in 2018, the company also made a voluntary cash contribution of $81.0 to fund the u.s. plans. there is no current requirement for cash contributions to any of the u.s. plans, and the company plans to evaluate annually, based on actuarial calculations and the investment performance of the plans' assets, the timing and amount of cash contributions in the future.
refer to note 9 of the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company's benefit plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
acquisitions in january 2019, the company acquired ssi controls technologies ("ssi"), the sensor manufacturing division of ssi technologies, inc., for approximately $400, net of cash acquired, plus a performance-related contingent payment. the acquisition of ssi was funded by cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand. ssi, which is headquartered in the state of wisconsin in the united states, is a leading designer and manufacturer of sensors and sensing solutions for the global automotive and industrial markets.
during 2019, the company completed nine acquisitions (including ssi) for $937.4, net of cash acquired. all but one of the acquisitions are included in the interconnect products and assemblies segment. these acquisitions were not material to the company either individually or in the aggregate.
environmental matters certain operations of the company are subject to environmental laws and regulations which govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. the company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
inflation and costs the cost of the company's products is influenced by the cost of a wide variety of raw materials. the company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor and services through price increases, productivity improvements and cost saving programs. however, in certain markets, particularly in communications related markets, implementing price increases can be difficult and there is no guarantee that the company will be successful. for a discussion of certain risks related to inflation and costs, refer to the risk factor titled "the company has at times experienced difficulties in obtaining a consistent supply of materials at stable pricing levels" in part i, item 1a herein.
foreign exchange the company conducts business in many foreign currencies through its worldwide operations, and as a result is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies including possible currency devaluations. changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the company's sales, operating margins and equity. the company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency, cost reduction and pricing actions, working capital management and hedging contracts. however, there can be no assurance that these actions will be fully effective in managing currency risk, including in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies of the company's worldwide operations. for further discussion of foreign exchange exposures, risks and uncertainties, refer to the risk factor titled "the company's results have at times been negatively affected by foreign currency exchange rates" in part i, item 1a herein.
non-gaap financial measures in addition to assessing the company's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows in accordance with u.s. gaap, management utilizes certain non-gaap financial measures defined below as part of its internal reviews for purposes of monitoring, evaluating and forecasting the company's financial performance, communicating operating results to the company's board of directors and assessing related employee compensation measures. management believes that these non-gaap financial measures may be helpful to investors in assessing the company's overall financial performance, trends and year-over-year comparative results, in addition to the reasons noted below. non-gaap financial measures related to operating income, operating margin, net income attributable to amphenol corporation, effective tax rate and diluted eps exclude income and expenses that are not directly related to the company's operating performance during the years presented. items excluded in such non-gaap financial measures in any period may consist of, without limitation, acquisition-related expenses, refinancing-related costs, and certain discrete tax items including but not limited to (i) the excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and (ii) the impact of significant changes in tax law (including the tax act charge recorded in 2017 and the subsequent adjustment
recorded in 2018 related to this charge). non-gaap financial measures related to net sales exclude the impact related to foreign currency exchange and acquisitions.  the non-gaap financial information contained herein is included for supplemental purposes only and should not be considered in isolation, as a substitute for or superior to the related u.s. gaap financial measures. in addition, these non-gaap financial measures are not necessarily the same or comparable to similar measures presented by other companies, as such measures may be calculated differently or may exclude different items.
the non-gaap financial measures defined below should be read in conjunction with the company's financial statements presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. the reconciliations of these non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 are included in "results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources" within this item 7:
●   adjusted diluted eps is defined as diluted earnings per share (as reported in accordance with u.s. gaap), excluding income and expenses and their specific tax effects that are not directly related to the company's operating performance during the years presented. adjusted diluted eps is calculated as adjusted net income attributable to amphenol corporation, as defined below, divided by the weighted average outstanding diluted shares as reported in the consolidated statements of income.
●   adjusted effective tax rate is defined as provision for income taxes, as reported in the consolidated statements of income, expressed as a percentage of income before income taxes, as reported in the consolidated statements of income, each excluding the income and expenses and their specific tax effects that are not directly related to the company's operating performance during the years presented.
●   adjusted net income attributable to amphenol corporation is defined as net income attributable to amphenol corporation, as reported in the consolidated statements of income, excluding income and expenses and their specific tax effects that are not directly related to the company's operating performance during the years presented.
●   adjusted operating income is defined as operating income, as reported in the consolidated statements of income, excluding income and expenses that are not directly related to the company's operating performance during the years presented.
●   adjusted operating margin is defined as adjusted operating income (as defined above) expressed as a percentage of net sales (as reported in the consolidated statements of income).
●   constant currency net sales growth is defined as the year-over-year percentage change in net sales growth, excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. amphenol's results are subject to volatility related to foreign currency translation fluctuations. as such, management evaluates the company's sales performance based on actual sales growth in u.s. dollars, as well as organic net sales growth (defined below) and constant currency net sales growth, and believes that such information is useful to investors to assess the underlying sales trends.
●   free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities ("operating cash flow" - as reported in accordance with u.s. gaap) less capital expenditures (as reported in accordance with u.s. gaap), both of which are derived from the consolidated statements of cash flow. free cash flow is an important liquidity measure for the company, as we believe it is useful for management and investors to assess our ability to generate cash, as well as to assess how much cash can be used to reinvest in the growth of the company or to return to shareholders through either stock repurchases or dividends.
●   organic net sales growth is defined as the year-over-year percentage change in net sales growth resulting from operating volume and pricing changes, and excludes the impact of 1) changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which directly impact the company's operating results and are outside the control of the company and 2) acquisitions closed since the beginning of the prior calendar year, which were not included in the company's results as of the comparable prior year periods and which do not reflect the underlying growth of the company on a comparative basis. management evaluates the company's sales performance based on actual sales growth in u.s. dollars, as well as constant currency net sales growth (defined above) and organic net sales growth, and believes that such information is useful to investors to assess the underlying sales trends.
recent accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 of the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. management bases its estimates on historical experience along with other assumptions that we believe are reasonable in formulating our bases for making judgements regarding the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent elsewhere. estimates are adjusted as new information becomes available. actual results could differ from those estimates. the company believes that the most significant areas involving critical accounting policies are set forth below. the significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 of the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition topic 606
the company's net sales in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 are presented under accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) (collectively with its related subsequent amendments, "topic 606"), resulting from the modified retrospective adoption of topic 606 applied to those contracts which were not completed as of january 1, 2018. the comparative results for the year ended december 31, 2017 were recognized in accordance with the company's revenue recognition policy then in effect under asc topic 605, revenue recognition ("topic 605"), as discussed below. the adoption of topic 606 resulted in accounting policy changes surrounding revenue recognition which replaced previous revenue guidance under topic 605.
the company's primary source of revenues consist of product sales to either end customers and their appointed contract manufacturers (including original equipment manufacturers) or to distributors. our revenues are derived from contracts with customers, which in most cases are customer purchase orders that may be governed by master sales agreements. for each contract, the promise to transfer the control of the products, each of which is individually distinct, is considered to be the identified performance obligation. as part of the consideration promised in each contract, the company evaluates the customer's credit risk. our contracts do not have any significant financing components, as payment terms are generally due net 30 to 120 days after delivery. although products are almost always sold at fixed prices, in determining the transaction price, we evaluate whether the price is subject to refund (due to returns) or adjustment (due to volume discounts, rebates, or price concessions) to determine the net consideration we expect to be entitled to. we allocate the transaction price to each distinct product based on its relative standalone selling price. taxes assessed by governmental authorities and collected from the customer, including but not limited to sales and use taxes and value-added taxes, are not included in the transaction price.
the vast majority of our sales are recognized at a point-in-time under the core principle of recognizing revenue when control transfers to the customer, which generally occurs when we ship or deliver the product from our manufacturing facility to our customers, when our customer accepts and has legal title of the goods, and where the company has a present right to payment for such goods. based on the respective contract terms, most of our contracts' revenues are recognized either (i) upon shipment based on free on board ("fob") shipping point, (ii) when the product arrives at its destination or (iii) when the products are pulled from consignment inventory. for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, less than 5% of our net sales were recognized over time, where the associated contracts relate to the sale of goods with no alternative use as they are only sold to a single customer and whose underlying contract terms provide the company with an enforceable right to payment, including a reasonable profit margin, for performance completed to date, in the event of customer termination. for the contracts recognized over time, we typically record revenue using the input method, based on the materials and labor costs incurred to date relative to the contract's total estimated costs. this method reasonably depicts when and as control of the goods transfers to the customer, since it measures our progress in producing the goods which is generally commensurate with this transfer of
control. since we typically invoice our customers at the same time that we satisfy our performance obligations, contract assets and contract liabilities related to our contracts with customers recorded in the consolidated balance sheets were not material as of december 31, 2019 and 2018.
pre-adoption of topic 606
for the year ended december 31, 2017, revenue from sales of the company's products was recognized at the time the goods were delivered, title passed and the risks and rewards of ownership passed to the customer, provided the earnings process was complete and revenue was measurable. such recognition generally occurred when the products reached the shipping point, the sales price was fixed and determinable, and collection was reasonably assured. delivery was determined by the company's shipping terms, which was primarily freight on board shipping point. revenue was recorded at the net amount to be received after deductions for estimated discounts, allowances and returns. these estimates and reserves were determined and adjusted as needed based upon historical experience, contract terms and other related factors.
income taxes deferred income taxes are provided for revenue and expenses which are recognized in different periods for income tax and financial statement reporting purposes.  the company recognizes the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on deferred income taxes in the period in which legislation is enacted. deferred income taxes are provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries in the period in which the company determines it no longer intends to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the united states. as of december 31, 2019, the company has not provided for deferred income taxes on undistributed foreign earnings related to certain geographies of approximately $900, as it is the company's intention to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the united states. it is impracticable to calculate the amount of taxes that would be payable if these undistributed foreign earnings were to be repatriated.  in addition, the company remains indefinitely reinvested with respect to its financial statement basis in excess of tax basis of its investments in foreign subsidiaries. it is not practicable to determine the deferred tax liability with respect to such basis differences. deferred tax assets are regularly assessed for recoverability based on both historical and anticipated earnings levels and a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that these amounts will not be recovered. the tax effects of an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns are recognized only if it is "more likely than not" to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on its technical merits as of the reporting date.  the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  the company includes estimated interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes.
as a result of the tax act, in 2017, the company recorded (i) a provisional income tax charge related to the deemed repatriation of the accumulated unremitted earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries, (ii) a provisional income tax charge related to changes in the company's permanent reinvestment assertion with regards to prior accumulated unremitted earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries, partially offset by (iii) a provisional income tax benefit associated with the remeasurement of its net deferred tax liabilities due to the u.s. federal corporate tax rate reduction, and included these amounts in its consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017. beginning in 2018, the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") provision imposed a tax on certain earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the company elected an accounting policy to account for gilti as a period cost. the u.s. treasury department has issued final interpretive guidance relating to certain provisions of the tax act and proposed additional guidance related to the same provisions. the company will account for the impact of additional guidance in the period in which any new guidance is released, if appropriate.
in december 2017, the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118"), which was codified under asu 2018-05, to address the application of u.s. gaap in situations where a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the tax act. in 2017, the company recorded a provisional income tax charge as a result of the tax act. consistent with asu 2018-05, the company completed its accounting and recorded an income tax benefit in 2018.
disclosures about contractual obligations and commitments the following table summarizes the company's known obligations to make future payments pursuant to certain contracts as of december 31, 2019, as well as an estimate of the timing in which such obligations are expected to be satisfied.
operating leases (2)                                                   219.4              58.8            73.3              39.9              47.4
accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations (4)              58.7               7.5            11.5              11.8              27.9
(1)   the company has excluded expected interest payments on the revolving credit facility, u.s. commercial paper program and euro commercial paper program from the above table, as this calculation is largely dependent on average debt levels the company expects to have during each of the years presented. the actual interest payments made related to the company's revolving credit facility and both commercial paper programs combined, in 2019, were approximately $22.1. expected debt levels, and therefore expected interest payments, are difficult to predict, as they are significantly impacted by such items as future acquisitions, repurchases of common stock, dividend payments as well as payments or additional borrowings made to reduce or increase the underlying revolver balance.
(2)   the company's operating lease payments included in this table reflect the future minimum undiscounted fixed lease payments, which serve as the basis for calculating the company's operating lease liabilities as of december 31, 2019. the table above excludes any variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the company's right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities in accordance with asc topic 842, due to their uncertainty. finance leases are not material to the company individually or in the aggregate and as such, have been excluded from the table above.
(3)   purchase obligations relate primarily to open purchase orders for goods and services, including but not limited to, raw materials and components to be used in production.
(4)   included in this table are estimated benefit payments expected to be made under the company's unfunded pension and postretirement benefit plans, as well as the anticipated minimum required contributions under the company's funded pension plans, the most significant funded plan of which covers its u.s. employees. over the past several years, there has been no minimum requirement for company contributions to the u.s. plans due to prior contributions made in excess of minimum requirements and as a result, there was no anticipated minimum required contribution included in the table above related to the u.s. plans for 2020. however, the company did make a voluntary contribution of approximately $81.0 in 2018 to fund the u.s. plans, while no such voluntary contribution was made in 2019. it is not possible to reasonably estimate expected required contributions in the above table after 2020 since several assumptions are required to calculate minimum required contributions, such as the discount rate and expected returns on pension assets.
(5)   as a result of the enactment of the tax act in december 2017, the company recorded a provisional tax charge on the deemed repatriation of the accumulated unremitted earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries ("transition tax") for the year ended december 31, 2017, based on certain assumptions made upon the company's then current interpretation of the tax act. the company analyzed guidance and technical interpretations issued in 2018 related to the provisions of the tax act, and refined, analyzed and updated the underlying data, computations and assumptions used to prepare the provisional amount, and consequently completed its accounting and recorded an adjustment related to the transition tax. the amounts noted in the table above reflect the final transition tax, which is net of applicable tax credits and deductions, and in accordance with the tax act, is to be paid over the eight year period starting in 2018. the second installment of the transition tax was paid in the second quarter of 2019.
(6)   as of december 31, 2019, the company has recorded net liabilities of approximately $183.5 related to unrecognized tax benefits. these liabilities have been excluded from the above table due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential future cash flows; it is difficult to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which all of these liabilities might be paid.