item 1a. risk factors this section highlights specific risks that could affect us and our businesses, broadly categorized as "strategic, business and competitive risks," "legal, regulatory and compliance risks" and "credit, liquidity and market risks." you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k, including the "risk management" section under "md&a," which describes our approach to identifying, monitoring and managing the risks we assume in conducting our businesses and provides certain quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks. based on the information currently known to us, we believe the following information identifies the most significant risk factors affecting us. however, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.
if any of the following risks develop into actual events or if the circumstances described in the risks occur or continue to occur, these events or circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. these events or circumstances could also have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities.
strategic, business and competitive risks difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the united states and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political and social conditions in the united states and abroad. we offer a broad array of products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients and thus are very dependent upon the level of consumer and business activity and the demand for payment and financing products. slow economic growth, volatile or deteriorating economic conditions or shifts in broader consumer and business trends significantly impact customer behaviors, including spending on our cards, the ability and willingness of card members to borrow and pay amounts owed to us, and demand for fee-based products and services. political conditions, prolonged or recurring government shutdowns, regional hostilities and the prospect or occurrence of more widespread conflicts, social upheaval, fiscal and monetary policies, trade wars and tariffs could also negatively affect consumer and business spending, including travel patterns and business investment, and demand for credit.
factors such as consumer spending and confidence, unemployment rates, business investment, geopolitical instability, election results, government spending, trade relationships with other countries, interest rates, taxes, energy costs, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, inflation and deflation all affect the economic environment and, ultimately, our profitability. such factors may also cause our earnings, billings, loan balances, credit metrics and margins to fluctuate and diverge from expectations of analysts and investors, who may have differing assumptions regarding their impact on our business, adversely affecting, and/or increasing the volatility of, the trading price of our common shares.
travel and entertainment expenditures, which comprised approximately 25 percent of our u.s. billed business during 2019, for example, are sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels and tend to decline during general economic downturns. likewise, spending by small businesses and corporate clients, which comprised approximately 41 percent of our worldwide billed business during 2019, depends in part on the economic environment and a favorable climate for continued business investment and new business formation. increases in delinquencies and write-off rates as a result of increases in bankruptcies, unemployment rates, changes in customer behaviors or otherwise could also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. the consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the environment generally can be sudden and severe.
our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters and other conditions.
geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, floods, health pandemics (including the recent coronavirus outbreak), information or cyber security incidents (including intrusion into or degradation of systems or technology by cyberattackers) and other catastrophic events can have a material adverse effect on our business. because of our proximity to the world trade center, our headquarters were damaged as a result of the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001. recent hurricanes and other natural disasters have impacted spending and credit performance in the areas affected. similar events or other disasters or catastrophic events in the future, and events impacting other sectors of the economy, including the telecommunications and energy sectors, could have a negative effect on our businesses and infrastructure, including our technology and systems. climate change may exacerbate certain of these threats, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events. card members in california, new york, florida, texas, georgia and new jersey account for a significant portion of u.s. consumer billed business and card members loans, and our results of operations could be impacted by events or conditions that disproportionately or specifically affect one or more of those states.
because we derive a portion of our revenues from travel-related spending, our business is sensitive to safety concerns related to travel and tourism, limitations on travel and mobility, and health-related risks, including travel restrictions and bans as a result of the recent coronavirus outbreak. in addition, disruptions in air travel and other forms of travel can result in the payment of claims under travel interruption insurance policies we offer and, if such disruptions to travel are prolonged, they can materially adversely affect overall travel-related spending.
if the conditions described above (or similar ones) result in widespread or lengthy disruptions to travel, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. card member spending may also be negatively impacted in areas affected by natural disasters or other catastrophic events. the impact of such events on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
the exit of the united kingdom from the european union could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our business in the united kingdom and elsewhere may be negatively impacted by the exit of the united kingdom from the eu (commonly referred to as brexit) on january 31, 2020, including from a deterioration of the economic environment in the united kingdom and other countries in which we operate that adversely affects spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to pay amounts owed to us. we may also experience increased volatility in the value of the pound sterling, the euro and other european currencies, which could further strengthen the u.s. dollar, adversely impacting the results of operations from our international activities. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations in the united kingdom and the eu, and we may incur additional costs or need to make operational changes that reduce revenue as we adapt to potentially divergent regulatory frameworks. any of these effects of brexit, among others, could adversely affect our business and financial results. as of december 31, 2019, the united kingdom constituted approximately 4 percent of our worldwide billed business and the emea region as a whole constituted approximately 11 percent. we have made changes to the structure of our business operations in europe in anticipation of brexit, although the financial, trade and legal implications of brexit remain uncertain and may be more severe than expected given the lack of comparable precedent.
our operating results may materially suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry.
the payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with card networks, issuers and acquirers, paper-based transactions (e.g., cash and checks), bank transfer models (e.g., wire transfers and ach), as well as evolving and growing alternative, non-traditional payment and financing providers. if we are not able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, develop compelling value propositions for our customers and/or effectively grow in areas such as mobile and online payments and emerging technologies, we may not be able to compete effectively.
we believe visa and mastercard are larger than we are in most countries. as a result, card issuers and acquirers on the visa and mastercard networks may be able to benefit from the dominant position, scale, resources, marketing and pricing of those networks. our business may also be increasingly negatively affected if we are unable to increase or maintain merchant acceptance and our cards are not accepted at merchants that accept cards on the visa and mastercard networks.
some of our competitors have developed, or may develop, substantially greater financial and other resources than we have and may offer richer value propositions or a wider range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective advertising, marketing or cross-selling strategies to acquire and retain more customers, capture a greater share of spending and borrowings, establish and develop more attractive cobrand card and other partner programs and maintain greater merchant acceptance than we have. we may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors. expenses such as card member rewards and card member services expenses could continue to increase as we improve our value propositions for card members, including in response to increased competition.
spending on our cards could continue to be impacted by increasing consumer usage of charge, credit and debit cards issued on other networks, as well as adoption of alternative payment systems. the fragmentation of customer spending to take advantage of different merchant or card incentives or for convenience with technological solutions may continue to increase. to the extent other payment mechanisms, systems and products continue to successfully expand, our discount revenues and our ability to access transaction data through our integrated payments platform could be negatively impacted. for example, companies that control access to consumer and merchant payment method choices at the point of sale or through digital wallets, commerce-related experiences, mobile applications or other technologies could choose not to accept, suppress use of, or degrade the experience of using our products or could restrict our access to our customers and transaction data. such companies could also require payments from us to participate in such digital wallets, experiences or applications, impacting our profitability on transactions.
the competitive value of our closed-loop data may also be diminished as traditional and non-traditional competitors use other, new data sources and technologies to derive similar insights. certain regulations, such as psd2 in europe and open banking initiatives in various jurisdictions around the world, could also diminish the value of our closed-loop data or the demand for our products and services by disintermediating existing financial services providers.
to the extent we expand into new business areas and new geographic regions, we may face competitors with more experience and more established relationships with relevant customers, regulators and industry participants, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. laws and business practices that favor local competitors, require card transactions to be routed over domestic networks or prohibit or limit foreign ownership of certain businesses could limit our growth in international regions. we may face additional compliance and regulatory risks to the extent that we expand into new business areas, and we may need to dedicate more expense, time and resources to comply with regulatory requirements than our competitors, particularly those that are not regulated financial institutions.
many of our competitors are subject to different, and in some cases, less stringent, legislative and regulatory regimes, and some may have lower cost structures and more agile business models and systems. more restrictive laws and regulations that do not apply to all of our competitors can put us at a disadvantage, including prohibiting us from engaging in certain transactions, regulating our business practices or adversely affecting our cost structure.
we face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
in the ordinary course of our business we enter into different types of contractual arrangements with business partners in a variety of industries. for example, we have partnered with delta, marriott, british airways and hilton, as well as many others globally, to offer cobranded cards for consumers and small businesses, and through our membership rewards program we have partnered with businesses in many industries, including delta and others in the airline industry, to offer benefits to card member participants. see "business partners and relationships" under "business" for additional information on our business partnerships, including with delta.
competition for relationships with key business partners is very intense and there can be no assurance we will be able to grow or maintain these partner relationships or that they will remain as profitable. establishing and retaining attractive cobrand card partnerships is particularly competitive among card issuers and networks as these partnerships typically appeal to high-spending loyal customers. all of our cobrand portfolios in the aggregate accounted for approximately 18 percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended december 31, 2019. card member loans related to our cobrand portfolios accounted for approximately 38 percent of our worldwide card member loans as of december 31, 2019.
cobrand arrangements are entered into for a fixed period, generally ranging from five to ten years, and will terminate in accordance with their terms, including at the end of the fixed period unless extended or renewed at the option of the parties, or upon early termination as a result of an event of default or otherwise. we work with our cobrand partners on an ongoing basis to demonstrate the value we deliver and evolve our relationships for the benefit of both parties. we face the risk that we could lose partner relationships, even after we have invested significant resources in the relationships. we may also choose to not renew certain cobrand relationships. the volume of billed business could decline and card member attrition could increase, in each case, significantly as a result of the termination of one or more cobrand partnership relationships. in addition, some of our cobrand arrangements provide that, upon expiration or termination, the cobrand partner may purchase or designate a third party to purchase the loans generated with respect to its program, which could result in the loss of the card accounts and a significant decline in our card member loans outstanding.
we regularly seek to extend or renew cobrand arrangements in advance of the end of the contract term and face the risk that existing relationships will be renegotiated with less favorable terms for us or that we may be unable to renegotiate on terms that are acceptable to us, as competition for such relationships continues to increase. we make payments to our cobrand partners, which can be significant, based primarily on the amount of card member spending and corresponding rewards earned on such spending and, under certain arrangements, on the number of accounts acquired and retained. the amount we pay to our cobrand partners has increased, particularly in the united states, and may continue to increase as arrangements are renegotiated due to increasingly intense competition for cobrand partners among card issuers and networks. see "off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations" under "md&a" for additional information regarding commitments for payments to certain cobrand partners.
the loss of exclusivity arrangements with business partners, the loss of the partner relationship altogether (whether by non-renewal at the end of the contract period, such as the end of our relationship with costco in the united states in 2016, or as the result of a merger, legal or regulatory action or otherwise, such as the withdrawal of american airlines in 2014 from our airport club access program for centurion® and platinum card® members) or the renegotiation of existing partnerships with terms that are significantly worse for us could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. see "our business is subject to comprehensive government regulation and supervision, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition" for information on the uncertainty regarding our cobrand and agent relationships in the eu. in addition, any publicity associated with the loss of any of our key business partners could harm our reputation, making it more difficult to attract and retain card members and merchants, and could weaken our negotiating position with our remaining and prospective business partners.
arrangements with our business partners represent a significant portion of our business. we are exposed to risks associated with our business partners, including reputational issues, business slowdowns, bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings and consolidations, and the possible obligation to make payments to our partners.
our success is, in many ways, dependent on the success of our business partners. from customer acquisition to cobranding arrangements, from participation in our rewards programs to facilitating b2b supplier payments for our corporate clients, we rely on our business partners across many aspects of our company and our arrangements with business partners represent a significant portion of our business. see "business partners and relationships" under "business" for additional information on our business partnerships. to the extent any of our partners fail to effectively promote and support our products, experience a slowdown in their business, operational disruptions, reputational issues or loss of consumer confidence, or are otherwise unable to meet our expectations or those of their other stakeholders, our business may be materially negatively impacted. in addition, we may be obligated to make or accelerate payments to certain business partners such as cobrand partners upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as a shortfall in certain performance and revenue levels. if we are not able to effectively manage these triggering events, we could unexpectedly have to make payments to these partners, which could have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. see "contractual obligations" under "md&a" for additional information on financial commitments related to agreements with certain cobrand partners.
similarly, we are exposed to risk from bankruptcies, liquidations, insolvencies, financial distress, restructurings, consolidations and other similar events that may occur in any industry representing a significant portion of our billed business, which could negatively impact particular card products and services (and billed business generally) and our financial condition and results of operations. we could also be materially impacted if we were obligated or elected to reimburse card members for products and services purchased from merchants that have ceased operations or stopped accepting our cards. for example, we are exposed to credit risk in the airline industry to the extent we protect card members against non-delivery of goods and services, such as where we have remitted payment to an airline for a card member purchase of tickets that have not yet been used or "flown." if we are unable to collect the amount from the airline, we may bear the loss for the amount credited to the card member. spending at airline merchants accounted for approximately 8 percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended december 31, 2019.
for additional information relating to the general risks related to the airline industry, see "risk management-institutional credit risk-exposure to the airline and travel industry" under "md&a."
we face continued intense competitive pressure that may materially impact the prices we charge merchants that accept our cards for payment for goods and services.
unlike our competitors in the payments industry that rely on revolving credit balances to drive profits, our business model is more focused on card member spending. discount revenue, which represents fees generally charged to merchants when card members use their cards to purchase goods and services on our network, is primarily driven by billed business volumes and is our largest single revenue source. our average merchant discount rate has been impacted by regulatory changes affecting competitor pricing in certain international countries. we also face pressure from competitors that have other sources of income or lower costs that can make their pricing more attractive to business partners and merchants. merchants are also able to negotiate incentives and pricing concessions from us as a condition to accepting our cards or being cobrand partners. as merchants consolidate and become even larger, we may have to increase the amount of incentives and/or concessions we provide to such merchants, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. competitive and regulatory pressures on pricing could make it difficult to offset the costs of these incentives. we have also experienced erosion of our average merchant discount rate as we increase merchant acceptance. we may not be successful in significantly expanding merchant acceptance or offsetting rate erosion with volumes at new merchants.
in addition, the regulatory environment and differentiated payment models and technologies from non-traditional players in the alternative payments space could pose challenges to our traditional payment model and adversely impact our average merchant discount rate. some merchants continue to invest in their own payment solutions, such as proprietary-branded mobile wallets, using both traditional and new technology platforms. if merchants are able to drive broad consumer adoption and usage, it could adversely impact our average merchant discount rate and billed business volumes.
a continuing priority of ours is to drive greater and differentiated value to our merchants which, if not successful, could negatively impact our discount revenue and financial results. we may not succeed in maintaining merchant discount rates or offsetting the impact of declining merchant discount rates, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability, and therefore our ability to invest in innovation and in value-added services for merchants and card members.
surcharging or steering by merchants could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
in certain countries, such as australia and certain member states in the eu, merchants are expressly permitted by law to surcharge certain card purchases. in jurisdictions allowing surcharging, we have seen merchant surcharging on american express cards in certain merchant categories, and in some cases, either the surcharge is greater than that applied to visa and mastercard cards or visa and mastercard cards are not surcharged at all (practices that are known as differential surcharging), even though there are many cards issued on competing networks that have an equal or greater cost of acceptance for the merchant. in addition, the laws of a number of states in the united states that prohibit surcharging have been overturned in litigation brought by merchant groups.
we also encounter merchants that accept our cards, but tell their customers that they prefer to accept another type of payment or otherwise seek to suppress use of our cards. our card members value the ability to use their cards where and when they want to, and we, therefore, take steps to meet our card members' expectations and to protect the american express brand by prohibiting this form of discrimination, subject to local legal requirements.
if surcharging, steering or other forms of discrimination become widespread, american express cards and credit and charge cards generally could become less desirable to consumers, which could result in a decrease in cards-in-force and transaction volumes. the impact could vary depending on such factors as: the industry or manner in which a surcharge is levied; how card members are surcharged or steered to other card products or payment forms at the point of sale; the ease and speed of implementation for merchants, including as a result of new or emerging technologies; the size and recurrence of the underlying charges; and whether and to what extent these actions are applied to other forms of payment, including whether it varies depending on the type of card (e.g., credit or debit), product, network, acquirer or issuer. discrimination against american express cards could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, particularly to the extent it disproportionately impacts our card members or our business.
we may not be successful in our efforts to promote card usage through marketing and promotion, merchant acceptance and card member rewards and services, or to effectively control the costs of such investments, both of which may materially impact our profitability.
revenue growth is dependent on increasing consumer and business spending on our cards, growing loan balances and increasing fee revenue. we have been investing in a number of growth initiatives, including to attract new card members, reduce card member attrition and capture a greater share of customers' total spending and borrowings. there can be no assurance that our investments to acquire card members, provide differentiated features and services and increase usage of our cards will continue to be effective. in addition, if we develop new products or offers that attract customers looking for short-term incentives rather than incentivize long-term loyalty, card member attrition and costs could increase. increasing spending on our cards also depends on our continued expansion of merchant acceptance of our cards. if we are unable to continue growing merchant acceptance or merchants decide to no longer accept american express cards, our business could suffer. further, expanding our service offerings, adding customer acquisition channels and forming new partnerships or renewing current partnerships could have higher costs than our current arrangements, and could adversely impact our average discount rate or dilute our brand.
another way we invest in customer value is through our membership rewards program, as well as other card member benefits. any significant change in, or failure by management to reasonably estimate, actual redemptions of membership rewards points and associated redemption costs could adversely affect our profitability. we rely on third parties for certain redemption options and may not be able to continue to offer such redemption options in the future, which could diminish the value of the program for our card members. our two largest redemption partners are amazon and delta. in addition, many credit card issuers have instituted rewards and cobrand programs and may introduce programs and services that are similar to or more attractive than ours. our inability to continue to differentiate our products and services generally could materially adversely affect us.
we may not be able to cost-effectively manage and expand card member benefits, including containing the growth of marketing, promotion, rewards and card member services expenses in the future. if such expenses increase beyond our expectations, we will need to find ways to offset the financial impact by increasing payments volume, increasing other areas of revenues such as fee-based revenues, or both. we may not succeed in doing so, particularly in the current competitive and regulatory environment.
our brand and reputation are key assets of our company, and our business may be materially affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace.
our brand and its attributes are key assets, and we believe our continued success depends on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. our ability to attract and retain consumer and small business card members and corporate clients is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, data use and protection, management, workplace culture, merchant acceptance, financial condition, our response to unexpected events and other subjective qualities. negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters - even if related to seemingly isolated incidents and whether or not factually correct-could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential card members, corporate clients, merchants and partners, which could make it difficult for us to attract new customers and maintain existing ones. negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including card practices, regulatory compliance, the use and protection of customer information and conduct by our colleagues, and from actions taken by regulators or others in response thereto. discussion about such matters in social media channels can also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brand.
our brand and reputation may also be harmed by actions taken by third parties that are outside our control. for example, any shortcoming of or controversy related to a third-party vendor, business partner, merchant acquirer or network partner may be attributed by card members and merchants to us, thus damaging our reputation and brand value. the lack of acceptance, suppression of card usage or surcharging by merchants can also negatively impact perceptions of our brand and our products, lower overall transaction volume and increase the attractiveness of other payment products or systems. adverse developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation, or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny or litigation against us. furthermore, as a corporation with headquarters and operations located in the united states, a negative perception of the united states arising from its political or other positions could harm the perception of our company and our brand. although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity could materially and adversely affect our business volumes, revenues and profitability.
a major information or cyber security incident or an increase in fraudulent activity could lead to reputational damage to our brand and material legal, regulatory and financial exposure, and could reduce the use and acceptance of our charge and credit cards.
we and third parties process, transmit, store and provide access to account information in connection with our charge and credit cards and other products, and in the normal course of our business, we collect, analyze and retain significant volumes of certain types of personally identifiable and other information pertaining to our customers and colleagues.
our networks and systems are subject to constant attempts to identify and exploit potential vulnerabilities in our operating environment with intent to disrupt our business operations and capture, destroy, manipulate or expose various types of information relating to corporate trade secrets, customer information, including card member, travel and loyalty program data, colleague information and other sensitive business information, including acquisition activity, non-public financial results and intellectual property. there are a number of motivations for cyber threat actors, including criminal activities such as fraud, identity theft and ransom, corporate or nation-state espionage, political agendas, public embarrassment with the intent to cause financial or reputational harm, intent to disrupt information technology systems, and to expose and exploit potential security and privacy vulnerabilities in corporate systems and websites.
global financial institutions like us, as well as our customers, colleagues, regulators, vendors and other third parties, have experienced a significant increase in information and cyber security risk in recent years and will likely continue to be the target of increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks, including computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, social engineering attacks (including phishing, impersonation and identity takeover attempts), corporate espionage, hacking, website defacement, denial-of-service attacks and other attacks and similar disruptions from the misconfiguration or unauthorized use of or access to computer systems. for example, we and other u.s. financial services providers have been the target of distributed denial-of-service attacks from sophisticated third parties. these threats can arise from external parties as well as insiders who knowingly or unknowingly engage in or enable malicious cyber activities.
we develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change and as efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. despite our efforts, the possibility of information and cyber security incidents, malicious social engineering, corporate espionage, fraudulent or other malicious activities and human error or malfeasance cannot be eliminated entirely and will evolve as new and emerging technology is deployed, including the increasing use of personal mobile and computing devices that are outside of our network and control environments. risks associated with each of these include theft of funds and other monetary loss, the disruption of our operations and the unauthorized disclosure, release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, modification, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary, trade secret or other information (including account data information), the effects of which could be compounded if not detected quickly. indeed, an information or cyber security incident may not be detected until well after it occurs and the severity and potential impact may not be fully known for a substantial period of time after it has been discovered.
information or cyber security incidents, fraudulent activity and other actual or perceived failures to maintain confidentiality, integrity, privacy and/or security has led to increased regulatory scrutiny and may lead to regulatory investigations and intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance), increased litigation (including class action litigation), remediation, fines and response costs, negative assessments of us and our subsidiaries by banking regulators and rating agencies, reputational and financial damage to our brand, and reduced usage of our products and services, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. the disclosure of sensitive company information could also undermine our competitive advantage and divert management attention and resources.
successful cyberattacks, data breaches, disruptions or other incidents related to the actual or perceived failures to maintain confidentiality, integrity, privacy and/or security at other large financial institutions, large retailers, travel and hospitality companies, government agencies or other market participants, whether or not we are impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or harming the reputation of the financial system in general, which could result in reduced use of our products and services. such events could also result in legislation and additional regulatory requirements. although we maintain cyber insurance, there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur will be covered under such policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate.
the uninterrupted operation of our information systems is critical to our success and a significant disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers, may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, computer viruses, vulnerabilities in hardware or software, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. service disruptions or degradations could prevent access to our online services and account information, compromise or limit access to company or customer data, impede transaction processing and financial reporting, and lead to regulatory investigations and fines, increased regulatory oversight and litigation. any such service disruption or degradation could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our products and services and materially adversely affect our overall business, reputation and results of operations.
we rely on third-party providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. these third parties may act in ways that could materially harm our business.
we rely on third-party service providers, cobrand partners, merchants, customer acquisition channels, processors, aggregators, network partners and other third parties for services that are integral to our operations and are subject to the risk that activities of such third parties may adversely affect our business. as outsourcing, specialization of functions, third-party digital services and technology innovation within the payments industry increase (including with respect to mobile technologies, tokenization, big data, artificial intelligence and cloud storage solutions), more third parties are involved in processing card transactions and handling our data. for example, we rely on third parties for the timely transmission of accurate information across our global network, card acquisition and provision of services to our customers. if a service provider or other third party ceases to provide the data quality or communications capacity we expect or services upon which we rely, as a result of natural disaster, operational disruptions or errors, terrorism, information or cyber security incidents, or any other reason, the failure could interrupt or compromise the quality of our services to customers or impact our ability to grow our business.
the confidentiality, integrity, privacy, availability and/or security of data communicated over third-party networks or platforms or held by, or accessible to, third parties, including merchants that accept our cards, payment processors, payment intermediaries and our third-party vendors and business partners, could become compromised, which could lead to unauthorized use of our data or fraudulent transactions on our cards, as well as costs associated with responding to such an incident, including regulatory investigations and fines, increased regulatory oversight and litigation. for example, in march 2018, we were alerted by expedia that certain customers who used expedia's orbitz platform may have been victims of a cyberattack. the attack involved an orbitz platform that served as the underlying booking engine for online travel websites, including amextravel.com and travel booked through amex travel representatives.
we are also exposed to the risk that a disruption or other event at a third party affecting one of our service providers or partners could impede their ability to provide to us services or data on which we rely to operate our business. service providers or other third parties could also cease providing data to us or use our data in a way that diminishes the competitive value of our closed loop.
the management and oversight of multiple vendors increases our operational complexity and governance challenges and decreases our control. a failure to exercise adequate oversight over service providers, including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements, could result in regulatory actions, fines, litigation, sanctions or economic and reputational harm to us. in addition, we may not be able to effectively monitor or mitigate operational risks relating to our vendors' service providers. we are also exposed to the risk that a service disruption at a common service provider to our vendors could impede their ability to provide services to us. notwithstanding any attempts to diversify our reliance on third parties, we may not be able to effectively mitigate operational risks relating to our vendors' use of common service providers.
if we are not able to invest successfully in, and compete at the leading edge of, technological developments across all our businesses, our revenue and profitability could be materially adversely affected.
our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. in order to compete in our industry, we need to continue to invest in technology across all areas of our business, including in transaction processing, data management and analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence, customer interactions and communications, open banking and alternative payment mechanisms, authentication technologies and digital identification, tokenization, real-time settlement, and risk management and compliance systems. incorporating new technologies into our products and services, including developing the appropriate governance and controls consistent with regulatory expectations, may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and ultimately may not be successful. we expect that new technologies in the payments industry will continue to emerge, and these new technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, our existing technology.
the process of developing new products and services, enhancing existing products and services and adapting to technological changes and evolving industry standards is complex, costly and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately could significantly impede our ability to compete effectively. consumer and merchant adoption is a key competitive factor and our competitors may develop products, platforms or technologies that become more widely adopted than ours. in addition, we may underestimate the time and expense we must invest in new products and services before they generate significant revenues, if at all.
our ability to develop, acquire or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may also be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties, including competitors and potential competitors, may assert. in addition, our ability to adopt new technologies may be inhibited by the emergence of industry-wide standards, a changing legislative and regulatory environment, an inability to develop appropriate governance and controls, a lack of internal product and engineering expertise, resistance to change from card members or merchants, or the complexity of our systems.
we may not be successful in realizing the benefits associated with our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and investment activity, and our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected.
we have acquired a number of businesses and have made a number of strategic investments, and continue to evaluate potential transactions. these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify and secure future acquisition candidates on terms and conditions that are acceptable to us, or successfully complete proposed acquisitions and investments, which could impair our growth. the process of integrating an acquired company, business or technology could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, result in unanticipated liabilities, including legal claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes and information security vulnerabilities or breaches, and harm our business generally. it may take us longer than expected to fully realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions, and those benefits may ultimately be smaller than anticipated or may not be realized at all, which could materially adversely affect our business and operating results, including as a result of write-downs of goodwill and other intangible assets.
we may also face risks with other types of strategic transactions, such as the sale to incomm of the operations relating to our prepaid reloadable and gift card business. the reloadable operations have experienced disruptions in the past, impacting the ability of our prepaid customers to load and use their cards. if such operations are interrupted, suspended or terminated in the future, it could further negatively impact our customers' experience, result in additional costs, litigation and regulatory action, and harm our business and reputation.
joint ventures, including our gbt jv and our new joint venture in china, and minority investments inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational and/or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or minority investment. in addition, we may be dependent on joint venture partners, controlling shareholders or management who may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with ours. for example, trade secrets and other proprietary information we may provide to a joint venture may become available to third parties beyond our control. the ability to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights to prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information may be limited in certain jurisdictions. business decisions or other actions or omissions of the joint venture partner, controlling shareholders or management may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us and otherwise damage our reputation and brand.
our success is dependent on maintaining a culture of integrity and respect as well as upon our executive officers and other key personnel, and misconduct by or loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business.
we rely upon our key personnel not only for business success, but also to lead with integrity and promote a culture of respect. to the extent our leaders behave in a manner that does not comport with our company's values, the consequences to our brand and reputation could be severe and could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive, and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel who voluntarily or involuntarily leave the company. changes in immigration and work permit laws and regulations or the administration or enforcement of such laws or regulations can also impair our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, or to employ such personnel in the location(s) of our choice. as further described in "supervision and regulation-compensation practices," our compensation practices are subject to review and oversight by the federal reserve and the compensation practices of aenb is subject to review and oversight by the occ. this regulatory review and oversight could further affect our ability to attract and retain our executive officers and other key personnel. the loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business.
legal, regulatory and compliance risks our business is subject to comprehensive government regulation and supervision, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to comprehensive government regulation and supervision in jurisdictions around the world, which significantly affects our business and requires continual enhancement of our compliance efforts. regulatory oversight and supervision of our businesses are generally designed to protect consumers and enhance financial stability and are not designed to protect our security holders.
supervision efforts and the enforcement of existing laws and regulations impact the scope and profitability of our existing business activities, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and adopt new technologies, and affect our relationships with card members, partners, merchants, vendors and other third parties. new laws or regulations could similarly affect our business, increase our costs of doing business and require us to change certain of our business practices and invest significant management attention and resources, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. legislators and regulators around the world are aware of each other's approaches to the regulation of the payments industry. consequently, a development in one country, state or region may influence regulatory approaches in another. to the extent that different regulatory systems impose overlapping or inconsistent requirements on the conduct of our business, we face complexity and additional costs in our compliance efforts.
if we fail to satisfy regulatory requirements or maintain our financial holding company status, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, and we may be restricted in our ability to take certain capital actions (such as declaring dividends or repurchasing outstanding shares) or engage in certain business activities or acquisitions. additionally, our banking regulators have wide discretion in the examination and the enforcement of applicable banking statutes and regulations and may restrict our ability to engage in certain business activities or acquisitions or require us to maintain more capital.
in recent years, legislators and regulators have focused on the operation of card networks, including interchange fees paid to card issuers in payment networks such as visa and mastercard and the fees merchants are charged to accept cards. even where we are not directly regulated, regulation of bankcard fees significantly negatively impacts the discount revenue derived from our business, including as a result of downward pressure on our discount rate from decreases in competitor pricing in connection with caps on interchange fees. in some cases, regulations also extend to certain aspects of our business, such as network and cobrand arrangements or the terms of card acceptance for merchants, including terms relating to non-discrimination and honor-all-cards. for example, we have largely exited our network businesses in the eu and australia as a result of regulation in those jurisdictions. in addition, there is uncertainty as to when or how interchange fee caps and other provisions of the eu payments legislation might apply when we work with cobrand partners and agents in the eu. in a ruling issued on february 7, 2018, the eu court of justice confirmed the validity of the application of the fee caps and other provisions in circumstances where three-party networks issue cards with a cobrand partner or through an agent, although the ruling provided only limited guidance as to when or how the provisions might apply in such circumstances and remains subject to differing interpretations by regulators and participants in cobrand arrangements. as a result, there can be no assurance we will be able to maintain our existing cobrand and agent relationships in the eu. furthermore, the european commission is in the process of conducting an impact assessment of the interchange fee caps, which could potentially result in lower and/or additional interchange fee caps and restrictions.
we are subject to certain provisions of the bank secrecy act, as amended by the patriot act, with regard to maintaining effective aml programs. similar aml requirements apply under the laws of most jurisdictions where we operate. increased regulatory focus in this area is likely to result in increased costs related to oversight, supervision and fines, and may result in changes to our business practices, including restrictions with respect to the types of products and services we may offer to consumers, the countries in which our cards may be used, and the types of customers and merchants who can obtain or accept our cards. emerging technologies, such as digital currencies, could limit our ability to track the movement of funds. money laundering, terrorist financing and other illicit activities involving our business could result in enforcement action, and our reputation may suffer due to our customers' association with certain countries, persons or entities or the existence of any such transactions.
various regulatory agencies and legislatures are also considering regulations and legislation covering identity theft, account management guidelines, credit bureau reporting, disclosure rules, security and marketing that would impact us directly, in part due to increased scrutiny of our underwriting and account management standards. these new requirements may restrict our ability to issue charge and credit cards or partner with other financial institutions, which could adversely affect our revenue growth.
see "supervision and regulation" for more information about certain laws and regulations to which we are subject and their impact on us.
litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments and/or requirements resulting in significantly increased expenses, damage to our reputation and/or a material adverse effect on our business.
businesses in the financial services and payments industries have historically been subject to significant legal actions, including class action lawsuits. many of these actions have included claims for substantial compensatory or punitive damages. while we have historically relied on our arbitration clause in agreements with customers to limit our exposure to class action litigation, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in enforcing our arbitration clause in the future and claims of the type we previously arbitrated could be subject to the complexities, risks and costs associated with class action cases. the continued focus of merchants on issues relating to the acceptance of various forms of payment may lead to additional litigation and other legal actions. given the inherent uncertainties involved in litigation, and the very large or indeterminate damages sought in some matters asserted against us, there is significant uncertainty as to the ultimate liability we may incur from litigation matters.
we have been subject to regulatory actions and may continue to be subject to such actions, including governmental inquiries, investigations and enforcement proceedings, in the event of noncompliance or alleged noncompliance with laws or regulations. for example, we have been cooperating with certain governmental authorities that have requested information from, or served subpoenas on, us seeking information relating to a small, specialized part of our business, known as foreign exchange international payments (fxip), which offers cross-border payments services primarily to small and middle market business customers in five countries, including the united states. in particular, we received investigative subpoenas from both the civil and criminal divisions of the u.s. department of justice as well as inquiries from the federal reserve, the occ, the cfpb, the fdic and others.
fxip accounts for less than one half of one percent of our total revenue net of interest expense and is unrelated to our card businesses. relatedly, our review of fxip's pricing practices conducted with an outside law firm has concluded and as a result, we voluntarily provided approximately $1.5 million of remediation to certain customers covering a five-year period and took disciplinary action where appropriate. we do not believe this matter will have a material adverse impact on our operations or results.
we expect that regulators will continue taking formal enforcement actions against financial institutions in addition to addressing supervisory concerns through non-public supervisory actions or findings, which could involve restrictions on our activities, among other limitations that could adversely affect our business. in addition, a violation of law or regulation by another financial institution could give rise to an investigation by regulators and other governmental agencies of the same or similar practices by us. further, a single event may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings. regulatory action could subject us to significant fines, penalties or other requirements resulting in card member reimbursements, increased expenses, limitations or conditions on our business activities, and damage to our reputation and our brand, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
legal proceedings regarding provisions in our merchant contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business and result in additional litigation and/or arbitrations, substantial monetary damages and damage to our reputation and brand.
we are, and have been in the past, a defendant in a number of actions, including legal proceedings and proposed class actions filed by merchants, challenging certain provisions of our card acceptance agreements. a description of the outstanding legal proceedings is contained in "legal proceedings."
an adverse outcome in these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, require us to change our merchant agreements in a way that could expose our cards to increased merchant steering and other forms of discrimination that could impair the card member experience, result in additional litigation and/or arbitrations, impose substantial monetary damages and damage our reputation and brand. even if we were not required to change our merchant agreements, changes in visa's and mastercard's policies or practices as a result of legal proceedings, lawsuit settlements or regulatory actions pending against them could result in changes to our business practices and materially and adversely impact our profitability.
we are subject to capital adequacy and liquidity rules, and if we fail to meet these rules, our business would be materially adversely affected.
failure to meet current or future capital or liquidity requirements could compromise our competitive position and could result in restrictions imposed by the federal reserve, including limiting our ability to pay dividends, repurchase our capital stock, invest in our business, expand our business or engage in acquisitions.
some elements of the capital and liquidity regimes are not yet final and certain developments could significantly impact the requirements applicable to financial institutions. for example, the basel committee finalized revisions to the standardized approach for credit risk and operational risk capital requirements. if these revisions are adopted in the united states, we could be required to hold significantly more capital. as a result, the ultimate impact on our long-term capital and liquidity planning and our results of operations is not certain, although an increase in our capital and liquid asset levels could lower our return on equity. as part of our required stress testing, we must continue to comply with applicable capital standards as calculated under the standardized approach in the severely adverse economic scenario published by the federal reserve. to satisfy these requirements, it may be necessary for us to hold additional capital in excess of that required by the capital rules.
compliance with capital adequacy and liquidity rules requires a material investment of resources. an inability to meet regulatory expectations regarding our compliance with applicable capital adequacy and liquidity rules may also negatively impact the assessment of us and our u.s. bank subsidiary by federal banking regulators.
for more information on capital adequacy requirements, see "stress testing and capital planning" and "capital, leverage and liquidity regulation" under "supervision and regulation."
we are subject to restrictions that limit our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our capital stock. our subsidiaries are also subject to restrictions that limit their ability to pay dividends to us, which may adversely affect our liquidity.
we are limited in our ability to pay dividends and repurchase capital stock by our regulators, who have broad authority to prohibit any action that would be considered an unsafe or unsound banking practice. for example, we are subject to a requirement to submit capital plans that include, among other things, projected dividend payments and repurchases of capital stock to the federal reserve for review. as part of the capital planning and stress testing process, our proposed capital actions are assessed against our ability to satisfy applicable capital requirements in the event of a stressed market environment. if the federal reserve objects to our capital plan or if we fail to satisfy applicable capital requirements, our ability to undertake capital actions may be restricted.
in addition, the capital rules include buffers that can be satisfied only with cet1 capital. if our risk-based capital ratios were to fall below the applicable buffer levels, we would be subject to certain restrictions on dividends, stock repurchases and other capital distributions, as well as discretionary bonus payments to executive officers.
our ability to declare or pay dividends on, or to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, shares of our common stock will be prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, in the event that we do not declare and pay in full dividends for the last preceding dividend period of our series b and series c preferred stock.
american express company relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for liquidity, and federal and state laws, regulations and supervisory policy limit the amount of dividends that our subsidiaries may pay to the parent company. for example, our u.s. bank subsidiary, aenb, is subject to various statutory and regulatory limitations on its declaration and payment of dividends. these limitations may hinder our ability to access funds we may need to make payments on our obligations, make dividend payments on outstanding american express company capital stock or otherwise achieve strategic objectives.
any reduction of, or elimination of, our common stock dividend or share repurchase program would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock and market perceptions of american express. for more information on bank holding company and depository institution dividend restrictions, see "dividends and other capital distributions" under "supervision and regulation," as well as "consolidated capital resources and liquidity-share repurchases and dividends" under "md&a" and note 22 to our "consolidated financial statements."
regulation in the areas of privacy, data protection, account access and information and cyber security could increase our costs and affect or limit our business opportunities and how we collect and/or use personal information.
legislators and regulators in the united states and other countries in which we operate are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, data protection and information and cyber security laws, including data localization, authentication and account access laws. as such laws are interpreted and applied (in some cases, with significant differences or conflicting requirements across jurisdictions), compliance and technology costs will continue to increase, particularly in the context of ensuring that adequate data protection, data transfer and account access mechanisms are in place.
compliance with current or future privacy, data protection, account access and information and cyber security laws could significantly impact our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer and/or colleague information and could restrict our ability to fully maximize our closed-loop capability or provide certain products and services, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability.
our failure to comply with privacy, data protection, account access and information and cyber security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory and/or governmental investigations and/or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions, ongoing regulatory monitoring, customer attrition, decreases in the use or acceptance of our cards and damage to our reputation and our brand. in recent years, there has been increasing regulatory enforcement and litigation activity in the areas of privacy, data protection and information and cyber security in the united states, the eu and various other countries in which we operate.
for more information on regulatory and legislative activity in this area, see "privacy, data protection, information and cyber security" under "supervision and regulation."
we may not be able to effectively manage the operational, conduct and compliance risks to which we are exposed.
we consider operational risk to be the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes or information systems, poor data quality, human error or the external environment (e.g., natural disasters). operational risk includes, among others, the risk that error or misconduct could result in a material financial misstatement, a failure to monitor a third party's compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or a failure to adequately monitor and control access to, or use of, data in our systems we grant to third-parties. as processes or organizations are changed, or new products and services are introduced, we may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. through human error, fraud or malfeasance, conduct risk can result in harm to customers, broader markets and the company and its employees.
compliance risk arises from the failure to adhere to applicable laws, rules, regulations and internal policies and procedures. operational, conduct and compliance risks can expose us to reputational and legal risks as well as fines, civil money penalties or payment of damages and can lead to diminished business opportunities and diminished ability to expand key operations.
if we are not able to protect our intellectual property, or successfully defend against any infringement or misappropriation assertions brought against us, our revenue and profitability could be negatively affected.
we rely on a variety of measures to protect our intellectual property and control access to, and distribution of, our trade secrets and other proprietary information. these measures may not prevent infringement of our intellectual property rights or misappropriation of our proprietary information and a resulting loss of competitive advantage. the ability to enforce intellectual property rights to prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information may be limited in certain jurisdictions. in addition, competitors or other third parties may allege that our systems, processes or technologies infringe on their intellectual property rights. given the complex, rapidly changing and competitive technological and business environments in which we operate, and the potential risks and uncertainties of intellectual property-related litigation, a future assertion of an infringement or misappropriation claim against us could cause us to lose significant revenues, incur significant defense, license, royalty or technology development expenses, and/or pay significant monetary damages.
tax legislative initiatives or assessments by governmental authorities could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the united states and in various foreign jurisdictions. the laws and regulations related to tax matters are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. although management believes our positions are reasonable, we are subject to audit by the internal revenue service in the united states and by tax authorities in all the jurisdictions in which we conduct business operations. we are being challenged in a number of countries regarding our application of value-added taxes (vat) to certain transactions. while we believe we comply with all applicable vat and other tax laws, rules and regulations in the relevant jurisdictions, the tax authorities may determine that we owe additional taxes or apply existing laws and regulations more broadly, which could result in a significant increase in liabilities for taxes and interest in excess of accrued liabilities.
new tax legislative initiatives may be proposed from time to time, which may impact our effective tax rate and could adversely affect our tax positions or tax liabilities. new guidance or modifications to the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the tax act) could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, unilateral or multi-jurisdictional actions by various tax authorities, including an increase in tax audit activity, could have an adverse impact on our tax liabilities.
credit, liquidity and market risks our risk management policies and procedures may not be effective.
our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. we have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, asset liability risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, model risk, strategic and business risk and reputational risk. see "risk management" under "md&a" for a discussion of the policies and procedures we use to identify, monitor and manage the risks we assume in conducting our businesses. although we have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the future, these policies and procedures, as well as our risk management techniques, such as our hedging strategies, may not be fully effective. there may also be risks that exist, or develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. as regulations and markets in which we operate continue to evolve, our risk management framework may not always keep sufficient pace with those changes. if our risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected.
management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. although we have a governance framework for model development and independent model validation, the modeling methodology or key assumptions could be erroneous or the models could be misused. in addition, issues with the quality or effectiveness of our data aggregation and validation procedures, as well as the quality and integrity of data inputs, could result in ineffective or inaccurate model outputs and reports. for example, models based on historical data sets might not be accurate predictors of future outcomes and their ability to appropriately predict future outcomes may degrade over time. upon the adoption of the new accounting guidance for the recognition of credit losses on certain financial instruments, effective january 1, 2020, we began using a new credit reserve methodology, which requires measurement of expected credit losses for the estimated life of the financial instrument, not only based on historical experience and current conditions, but also by including forecasts incorporating forward-looking information. if our business decisions or estimates for credit losses are based on incorrect or misused models and assumptions or we fail to manage data inputs effectively and to aggregate or analyze data in an accurate and timely manner, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
we may not be able to effectively manage individual or institutional credit risk, or credit trends that can affect spending on card products and the ability of customers and partners to pay us, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we are exposed to both individual credit risk, principally from consumer and small business card member loans and receivables, and institutional credit risk, principally from corporate card member loans and receivables, merchants, network partners, loyalty coalition partners and treasury and investment counterparties. third parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. general economic factors, such as the rate of inflation, unemployment levels and interest rates, may result in greater delinquencies that lead to greater credit losses. country, regional and political risks can also contribute to credit risk. a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be negatively impacted not only by economic, market, political and social conditions but by a customer's other payment obligations, and increasing leverage can result in a higher risk that customers will default or become delinquent in their obligations to us.
we rely principally on the customer's creditworthiness for repayment of the loan or receivable and therefore have no other recourse for collection. our ability to assess creditworthiness may be impaired if the criteria or models we use to manage our credit risk prove inaccurate in predicting future losses, which could cause our losses to rise and have a negative impact on our results of operations. further, our pricing strategies may not offset the negative impact on profitability caused by increases in delinquencies and losses; thus any material increases in delinquencies and losses beyond our current estimates could have a material adverse impact on us.
rising delinquencies and rising rates of bankruptcy are often precursors of future write-offs and may require us to increase our reserve for loan losses. higher write-off rates and the resulting increase in our reserves for loan and receivable losses adversely affect our profitability and the performance of our securitizations, and may increase our cost of funds.
although we make estimates to provide for credit losses in our outstanding portfolio of loans and receivables, these estimates may not be accurate. in addition, the information we use in managing our credit risk may be inaccurate or incomplete. as noted above, we began using a new credit reserve methodology, effective january 1, 2020, which differs significantly from our previous approach and alters the estimation process, inputs and assumptions used in estimating expected credit losses for loans and receivables. the new methodology may have a significant effect on our reported results and could cause fluctuations in our reported results, even if there are no underlying changes in the economics of the business. for more information on recently issued accounting standards, see note 1 to our "consolidated financial statements."
although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific clients and counterparties and to specific industries, countries and regions that we believe may present credit concerns, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to foresee or detect, such as fraud. in addition, our ability to manage credit risk may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections or changes in bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance). increased credit risk, whether resulting from underestimating the credit losses inherent in our portfolio of loans and receivables, deteriorating economic conditions (particularly in the united states where approximately 75 percent of our revenues were generated in 2019), increases in the level of loan balances, changes in our mix of business or otherwise, could require us to increase our provisions for losses and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
if the rate of interest we pay on our borrowings increases more than the rate of interest we earn on our loans, our net interest yield, and consequently our net interest income, could fall. our interest expense was approximately $3.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease to our annual net interest income of approximately $141 million as of december 31, 2019. we expect the rates we pay on our deposits will increase if benchmark interest rates increase. in addition, interest rate changes may affect customer behavior, such as impacting the loan balances card members carry on their credit cards or their ability to make payments as higher interest rates lead to higher payment requirements, further impacting our results of operations.
for a further discussion of our interest rate risk, see "risk management - market risk management process" under "md&a."
uncertainty relating to libor and other reference rates and their potential discontinuance may negatively impact our access to funding and the value of our financial instruments and commercial agreements.
due to uncertainty surrounding the suitability and sustainability of the london interbank offered rate (libor), central banks and global regulators have called for financial market participants to prepare for the discontinuance of libor by the end of 2021 and the establishment of alternative reference rates. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor or any other reference rate, the establishment of alternative reference rates, or the impact of any such events on contractual mechanisms may have on the markets, us, or our financial instruments or commercial agreements that reference libor.
certain of our financial instruments and commercial agreements contain provisions to replace libor as the benchmark following the occurrence of specified transition events. such provisions may not be sufficient to trigger a change in the benchmark at all times when libor is no longer representative of market interest rates, or that these events will align with similar events in the market generally or in other parts of the financial markets, such as the derivatives market.
alternative reference rates are calculated using components different from those used in the calculation of libor and may fluctuate differently than, and not be representative of, libor. in order to compensate for these differences, certain of our financial instruments and commercial agreements allow for a benchmark replacement adjustment. however, there is no assurance that any benchmark replacement adjustment will be sufficient to produce the economic equivalent of libor, either at the benchmark replacement date or over the life of such instruments and agreements.
uncertainty as to the nature and timing of the potential discontinuance or modification of libor, the replacement of libor with one or more alternative reference rates or other reforms may negatively impact market liquidity, our access to funding required to operate our business and the trading market for our financial instruments. furthermore, the timing of implementation and use of alternative reference rates and corresponding adjustments or other reforms could be subject to disputes, could cause the interest payable on our outstanding financial instruments and commercial agreements to be materially different than expected and may impact the value of our financial instruments and commercial agreements.
for a further discussion on libor transition, see "risk management - libor transition" under "md&a."
adverse financial market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, access to capital and cost of capital.
we need liquidity to pay merchants, operating and other expenses, interest on debt and dividends on capital stock and to repay maturing liabilities. the principal sources of our liquidity are payments from card members, proceeds from the issuance of unsecured medium- and long-term notes and asset securitizations and direct and third-party sourced deposits, cash flows from our investment portfolio, cash and cash equivalents, securitized borrowings through our secured borrowing facilities, a committed bank credit facility and the federal reserve discount window.
our ability to obtain financing in the debt capital markets for unsecured term debt and asset securitizations is dependent on market conditions. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility across the financial markets, as well as adverse developments affecting our competitors and the financial industry generally, could negatively impact market liquidity and limit our access to funding required to operate our business. such market conditions may also limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities, satisfy regulatory capital requirements and access the funding necessary to grow our business. in some circumstances, we may incur an unattractive cost to raise capital, which could decrease profitability and significantly reduce financial flexibility.
for a further discussion of our liquidity and funding needs, see "consolidated capital resources and liquidity - funding programs and activities" under "md&a."
any reduction in our and our subsidiaries' credit ratings could increase the cost of our funding from, and restrict our access to, the capital markets and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
rating agencies regularly evaluate us and our subsidiaries, and their ratings of our and our subsidiaries' long-term and short-term debt and deposits are based on a number of factors, including financial strength, as well as factors not within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally, and the wider state of the economy. our and our subsidiaries' ratings could be downgraded at any time and without any notice by any of the rating agencies, which could, among other things, adversely limit our access to the capital markets and adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we and our subsidiaries are able to obtain funding.
adverse currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls could decrease earnings we receive from our international operations and impact our capital.
during 2019, approximately 25 percent of our total revenues net of interest expense were generated from activities outside the united states. we are exposed to foreign exchange risk from our international operations, and accordingly the revenue we generate outside the united states is subject to unpredictable fluctuations if the values of other currencies change relative to the u.s. dollar (including as a result of brexit), which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
foreign exchange regulations or capital controls might restrict or prohibit the conversion of other currencies into u.s. dollars or our ability to transfer them. political and economic conditions in other countries could also impact the availability of foreign exchange for the payment by the local card issuer of obligations arising out of local card members' spending outside such country and for the payment by card members who are billed in a currency other than their local currency. substantial and sudden devaluation of local card members' currency can also affect their ability to make payments to the local issuer of the card in connection with spending outside the local country. the occurrence of any of these circumstances could further impact our results of operations.
an inability to accept or maintain deposits due to market demand or regulatory constraints could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
our u.s. bank subsidiary, aenb, accepts deposits directly from consumers through american express personal savings, as well as from individuals through third-party brokerage networks, and uses the proceeds as a source of funding. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $72.4 billion in total u.s. retail deposits, of which a significant amount had been raised through third-party brokerage networks. we face strong and increasing competition with regard to deposits, and pricing and product changes may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain cost-effective deposit balances. if we are required to offer higher interest rates to attract or maintain deposits, our funding costs will be adversely impacted.
our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits is also dependent on aenb's capital levels. the fdia's brokered deposit provisions and related fdic rules in certain circumstances prohibit banks from accepting or renewing brokered deposits and apply other restrictions, such as a cap on interest rates that can be paid. additionally, our regulators can adjust applicable capital requirements at any time and have authority to place limitations on our deposit businesses. an inability to attract or maintain deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our ability to fund our business.
the value of our investments may be adversely impacted by economic, political or market conditions.
market risk includes the loss in value of portfolios and financial instruments due to adverse changes in market variables, which could negatively impact our financial condition. we held approximately $8.4 billion of investment securities as of december 31, 2019. in the event that actual default rates of these investment securities were to significantly change from historical patterns due to economic conditions or otherwise, it could have a material adverse impact on the value of our investment portfolio, potentially resulting in impairment charges. defaults or economic disruptions, even in countries or territories in which we do not have material investment exposure, conduct business or have operations, could adversely affect us.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
executive overview business introduction we are a globally integrated payments company with three reportable operating segments: global consumer services group (gcsg), global commercial services (gcs) and global merchant and network services (gmns). corporate functions and certain other businesses and operations are included in corporate & other.
our range of products and services includes:
•merchant acquisition and processing, servicing and settlement, and point-of-sale marketing and information products and services for merchants
•network services
•other fee services, including fraud prevention services and the design and operation of customer loyalty programs
•expense management products and services
•travel and lifestyle services our various products and services are sold globally to diverse customer groups, including consumers, small businesses, mid-sized companies and large corporations. these products and services are sold through various channels, including mobile and online applications, affiliate marketing, customer referral programs, third-party vendors and business partners, direct mail, telephone, in-house sales teams, and direct response advertising. business travel-related services are offered through our non-consolidated joint venture, american express global business travel (the gbt jv).
the following types of revenue are generated from our various products and services:
•discount revenue, our largest revenue source, primarily represents the amount we earn on transactions occurring at merchants that have entered into a card acceptance agreement with us, or a global network services (gns) partner or other third-party merchant acquirer, for facilitating transactions between the merchants and card members. the amount of fees charged for accepting our cards as payment for goods or services, or merchant discount, varies with, among other factors, the industry in which the merchant does business, the merchant's overall american express-related transaction volume, the method of payment, the settlement terms with the merchant, the method of submission of transactions and, in certain instances, the geographic scope for the related card acceptance agreement between the merchant and us (e.g., domestic or global) and the transaction amount. in some instances, an additional flat transaction fee is assessed as part of the merchant discount, and additional fees may be charged such as a variable fee for "non-swiped" card transactions or for transactions using cards issued outside the united states at merchants located in the united states;
•net card fees, represent revenue earned from annual card membership fees, which vary based on the type of card and the number of cards for each account;
•other fees and commissions, primarily represent card member delinquency fees, foreign currency conversion fees charged to card members, loyalty coalition-related fees, travel commissions and fees, service fees earned from merchants, and membership rewards program fees; and
•other revenue, primarily represents revenues arising from contracts with partners of our gns business (including commissions and signing fees less issuer rate payments), cross-border card member spending, earnings from equity method investments (including the gbt jv), ancillary merchant-related fees, insurance premiums earned from card members, and prepaid card and travelers cheque-related revenue.
financial highlights for 2019, we reported net income of $6.8 billion and diluted earnings per share of $7.99. this compared to $6.9 billion of net income and $7.91 diluted earnings per share for 2018.
•a $0.21 per share impact of a litigation-related charge in the first quarter.
•a $0.58 per share impact of certain discrete tax benefits in the fourth quarter.
non-gaap measures we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (gaap). however, certain information included within this report constitutes non-gaap financial measures. our calculations of non-gaap financial measures may differ from the calculations of similarly titled measures by other companies.
business environment our results for 2019 continued the steady, consistent performance that we have delivered over the past two years. these results reflect our strategy of investing in share, scale and relevance and demonstrate our success in executing against our four strategic imperatives. we continued to invest in new card acquisitions, new services and card member benefits, refreshing and launching new products, and expanding our merchant network. during the year, we returned $5.9 billion of capital to our shareholders through our share buyback program and an increase in our dividend, while maintaining strong capital ratios.
our worldwide billed business increased 5 percent over the prior year and worldwide proprietary billings, which comprised 86% of our total billings, grew 7 percent, led by consumers. after adjusting for foreign currency exchange (fx) rates, worldwide proprietary billed business increased 8 percent over the prior year, with international proprietary billings growing 13 percent.1 this spending occurred against the backdrop of an economy that grew at a more modest pace relative to 2018. u.s. consumer proprietary billed business grew at 7 percent reflecting continued strong acquisition performance and solid underlying spend growth from existing customers. international proprietary consumer growth remained in double digits on an fx-adjusted basis. we also saw 6 percent growth from our commercial customers, driven by steady acquisition and retention of u.s. small and mid-sized enterprise (sme) customers and strong growth in international sme customers. gns billed business declined 6 percent (2 percent on an fx-adjusted basis) as we exited the network business in europe and australia due to certain regulatory changes; excluding the billings from those geographies, gns billed business grew 5 percent year-over-year on an fx-adjusted basis.1
revenues net of interest expense increased 8 percent (9 percent on an fx-adjusted basis), driven by a well-balanced mix of growth in card fees, card member spending and net interest income.1 the fourth quarter of 2019 was the tenth consecutive quarter with fx-adjusted revenue growth of 8 percent or better.1 card fees continue to be our fastest growing revenue line, with an increase of 17 percent year-over-year reflecting our approach of enhancing the value of our premium products to drive higher customer engagement. discount revenue increased 6 percent year-over-year primarily driven by the previously mentioned billings growth. net interest income grew at 12 percent year-over-year, driven by growth in loans and net yield, reflecting continued positive impacts from mix and pricing initiatives.
card member loans grew 7 percent year-over-year, as we continued to expand our lending relationships with existing customers and acquired new card members. provisions for losses increased 7 percent, driven by a modest increase in net write-offs, which reflects the impact of our lending strategy, as well as the relatively stable economy and low unemployment rate.
spending on customer engagement (the aggregate of rewards, card member services, and marketing and business development expenses) increased 10 percent year-over-year with growth across all categories. increases in rewards and card member services reflected the growth in proprietary billings and continued investment and usage across many of our premium travel-related benefits. card member services costs continue to be our fastest growing expense category, as it includes the costs of many components of our differentiated value propositions that support strong card member acquisition and engagement. marketing and business development expense grew due to continued investments in our partnerships, including the impact of the renewal of our relationship with delta air lines earlier in 2019, and higher corporate client incentives. operating expenses increased 8 percent year-over-year, reflecting investments we are making across our business and the litigation-related charge in the first quarter of 2019.
1 the foreign currency adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translation into u.s. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the current period apply to the corresponding prior year period against which such results are being compared). fx-adjusted revenues and expenses constitute non-gaap measures. we believe the presentation of information on a foreign currency adjusted basis is helpful to investors by making it easier to compare our performance in one period to that of another period without the variability caused by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
we continue to see attractive growth opportunities across our businesses and plan to invest to take advantage of them in order to generate and sustain a strong level of revenue growth, which we believe is the foundation for steady and consistent double-digit eps growth. while we continue to see some headwinds in the environment, including from economic and geopolitical uncertainty, regulation in countries around the world and intense competition, we remain focused on delivering differentiated value to our merchants, card members and business partners and delivering appropriate returns to our shareholders.
see "supervision and regulation" in "business" for information on legislative and regulatory changes that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and "risk factors" for information on the potential impacts of economic, geopolitical and competitive conditions and certain litigation and regulatory matters on our business.
consolidated results of operations the discussions in the "financial highlights", "consolidated results of operations" and "business segment results" provide commentary on the variances for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, as presented in the accompanying tables. for a discussion of the financial condition and results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017, please refer to part ii, item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the sec on february 13, 2019.
table 1: summary of financial performance years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                       change                                                                 change
total revenues net of interest expense                                 $43,556                  $40,338                  $36,878                   $3,218                       8   %               $3,460                  9   %
adjustments to etr(c)                                                                               6.1   %               (34.7)   %
(a)represents net income, less (i) earnings allocated to participating share awards of $47 million, $54 million and $21 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and (ii) dividends on preferred shares of $81 million, $80 million and $81 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(c)the adjusted etrs for 2018 and 2017 are non-gaap measures. the 2018 adjusted etr excludes a benefit of $496 million relating to changes in the tax method of accounting for certain expenses, the resolution of certain prior years' tax audits, and a final adjustment to our 2017 provisional tax charge related to the tax cuts and jobs act enacted on december 22, 2017 (tax act). the 2017 adjusted etr excludes the $2.6 billion charge related to the tax act. management believes the adjusted etrs are useful in evaluating our tax rates in comparison with the other presented periods. refer to note 20 of the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information.
table 2: total revenues net of interest expense summary years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                     change                                                               change
total revenues net of interest expense                  $43,556                 $40,338                 $36,878                  $3,218                       8   %               $3,460                9   %
total revenues net of interest expense discount revenue increased, primarily due to growth in billed business. u.s. billed business increased 6 percent and non-u.s. billed business increased 2 percent. see tables 5 and 6 for more details on billed business performance. the average discount rate remained flat at 2.37 percent for both 2019 and 2018.
net card fees increased, primarily driven by growth in the platinum, delta and gold portfolios, as well as growth in certain key international countries.
other fees and commissions increased, primarily driven by growth in foreign exchange conversion revenue and delinquency fees.
other revenues increased, primarily due to higher revenues related to the gbt jv and a modification of one of our gns arrangements, partially offset by lower revenue earned on cross-border card member spending.
interest expense increased, driven by higher cost of funds, average long-term debt and average deposits.
table 3: provisions for losses summary years ended december 31,                                                                                                                             change                                                             change
provisions for losses charge card provision for losses increased, primarily due to growth in receivables and higher net write-offs in the consumer and small business portfolios, partially offset by lower net write-offs in the corporate portfolio.
card member loans provision for losses increased, driven by higher net write-offs, partially offset by a lower reserve build due to slower loan growth.
see note 1 to our "consolidated financial statements" for information about the implementation and expected impact of new accounting guidance for the recognition of credit losses on financial instruments, effective january 1, 2020, and the new credit reserving methodology known as the current expected credit loss (cecl) methodology. following the adoption, the future effects of cecl on our provisions for losses will ultimately be dependent on a number of internal and external factors. assuming no change in the growth in card member loans, current macroeconomic conditions, and portfolio quality, we estimate our provisions for losses will likely be higher under cecl and may result in more quarter-to-quarter fluctuations relative to the current accounting methodology.
table 4: expenses summary years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                                      change                                                               change
marketing and business development                                                        $7,114                  $6,470                  $5,722                    $644                      10   %                 $748               13   %
card member services                                                                       2,222                   1,777                   1,392                     445                      25                      385               28
total marketing, business development, rewards and card member services                   19,775                  17,943                  15,801                   1,832                      10                    2,142               14
salaries and employee benefits                                                             5,911                   5,250                   5,258                     661                      13                      (8)                -
expenses marketing and business development expense increased, primarily due to continued investments in partnerships (including as a result of the recent renewal of our cobrand relationship with delta air lines), increased network partner payments and increased corporate client incentives driven by higher volumes, partially offset by higher marketing costs in the prior year with the launch of our new global brand campaign.
card member rewards expense increased, primarily driven by increases in membership rewards and cash back rewards expenses of $505 million and cobrand rewards expense of $238 million, both of which were primarily driven by higher spending volumes.
card member services expense increased, primarily driven by higher usage of travel-related benefits.
salaries and employee benefits expense increased, reflecting higher payroll costs, higher restructuring charges and higher incentive and deferred compensation.
other expenses increased, primarily driven by lower unrealized gains on certain equity investments, higher technology costs and litigation-related expenses, partially offset by non-income tax-related benefits and a prior-year loss on a transaction involving the operations of our prepaid reloadable and gift card business.
income taxes the effective tax rate for 2019 was 19.8 percent. the effective tax rate for 2018 was 14.8 percent, and reflects a benefit of $496 million relating to changes in the tax method of accounting for certain expenses, the resolution of certain prior years' tax audits and an adjustment to the 2017 provisional tax charge related to the tax act.
the tax rates in both periods reflect the level of pretax income in relation to recurring permanent tax benefits and the geographic mix of business.
table 5: selected card-related statistical information change                        change years ended december 31,                                                                 2019                          2018                          2017                 2019 vs. 2018                 2018 vs. 2017
billed business: (billions)
table 6: billed business growth
percentage increase                percentage increase (decrease) assuming no changes in fx rates(a)                 percentage increase                 percentage increase (decrease)assuming no changes in fx rates(a)
airline-related volume (8% of worldwide total for both 2019 and 2018)                                1                                                                 3                                                  8                                                                 7
t&amp;e-related volume (25% of u.s. total for both 2019 and 2018)                                    6                                                                                                                    8
non-t&amp;e-related volume (75% of u.s. total for both 2019 and 2018)                                6                                                                                                                   10
airline-related volume (7% of u.s. total for both 2019 and 2018)                                     4                                                                                                                    8
(a)the foreign currency adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translation into u.s. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the current year apply to the corresponding prior-year period against which such results are being compared).
table 7: selected credit-related statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                                                                                                                   change                        change
net write-offs - principal less recoveries                             (1,860)                  (1,539)                  (1,181)                         21                            30
net write-offs - interest and fees less recoveries                       (375)                    (304)                    (227)                         23                            34
% of loans                                                                 2.7   %                  2.6   %                  2.3   %
% of past due                                                              177   %                  182   %                  177   %
net write-off rate - principal only (b)                                    2.2   %                  2.0   %                  1.8   %
net write-off rate - principal, interest and fees (b)                      2.7   %                  2.4   %                  2.1   %
30+ days past due as a % of total (b)                                      1.5   %                  1.4   %                  1.3   %
net write-offs - principal and fees less recoveries                      (900)                    (859)                    (736)                          5                            17
% of receivables                                                           1.1   %                  1.0   %                  1.0   %
net write-off rate - principal only (b)                                    1.8   %                  1.7   %                  1.6   %
net write-off rate - principal and fees (b)                                2.0   %                  1.8   %                  1.7   %
30+ days past due as a % of total (b)                                      1.4   %                  1.4   %                  1.4   %
net loss ratio as a % of charge volume - gcp (c)                          0.08   %                 0.11   %                 0.10   %
90+ days past billing as a % of total - gcp (c)                            0.8   %                  0.7   %                  0.9   %
(a)other includes foreign currency translation adjustments.
(b)we present a net write-off rate based on principal losses only (i.e., excluding interest and/or fees) to be consistent with industry convention. in addition, as our practice is to include uncollectible interest and/or fees as part of our total provision for losses, a net write-off rate including principal, interest and/or fees is also presented. the net write-off rates and 30+ days past due as a percentage of total for card member receivables relate to gcsg and global small business services (gsbs) card member receivables.
(c)global corporate payments (gcp) reflects global, large and middle market corporate accounts. for gcp card member receivables, delinquency data is tracked based on days past billing status rather than days past due. a card member account is considered 90 days past billing if payment has not been received within 90 days of the card member's billing statement date. in addition, if we initiate collection procedures on an account prior to the account becoming 90 days past billing, the associated card member receivable balance is classified as 90 days past billing. these amounts are shown above as 90+ days past due for presentation purposes. gcp delinquency data for periods other than 90+ days past billing is not available due to system constraints. the net loss ratio for gcp represents the ratio of gcp charge card write-offs, consisting of principal (resulting from authorized transactions) and fee components, less recoveries, on card member receivables expressed as a percentage of gross amounts billed to corporate card members.
(c)adjusted net interest income and net interest yield on average card member loans are non-gaap measures. refer to "glossary of selected terminology" for the definitions of these terms. we believe adjusted net interest income is useful to investors because it represents the interest expense and interest income attributable to our card member loan portfolio and is a component of net interest yield on average card member loans, which provides a measure of profitability of our card member loan portfolio. net interest yield on average card member loans reflects adjusted net interest income divided by average card member loans, computed on an annualized basis. net interest income divided by average card member loans, computed on an annualized basis, a gaap measure, includes elements of total interest income and total interest expense that are not attributable to the card member loan portfolio, and thus is not representative of net interest yield on average card member loans.
business segment results of operations we consider a combination of factors when evaluating the composition of our reportable operating segments, including the results reviewed by the chief operating decision maker, economic characteristics, products and services offered, classes of customers, product distribution channels, geographic considerations (primarily united states versus outside the united states) and regulatory considerations. refer to note 24 to the "consolidated financial statements" and part i, item 1. "business" for additional discussion of products and services that comprise each segment.
effective for the first quarter of 2019, we moved intercompany assets and liabilities, previously recorded in the operating segments, to corporate & other. prior period amounts have been revised to conform to the current period presentation.
results of the reportable operating segments generally treat each segment as a stand-alone business. the management reporting process that derives these results allocates revenue and expense using various methodologies as described below.
total revenues net of interest expense we allocate discount revenue and certain other revenues among segments using a transfer pricing methodology. within the gcsg and gcs segments, discount revenue generally reflects the issuer component of the overall discount revenue generated by each segment's card members; within the gmns segment, discount revenue generally reflects the network and acquirer component of the overall discount revenue.
interest and fees on loans and certain investment income is directly attributable to the segment in which it is reported. interest expense represents an allocated funding cost based on a combination of segment funding requirements and internal funding rates.
expenses marketing and business development expense is included in each segment based on the actual expenses incurred. global brand advertising is primarily reflected in corporate & other and may be allocated to the segments based on the actual expenses incurred. rewards and card member services expenses are included in each segment based on the actual expenses incurred.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses reflect expenses such as professional services, occupancy and equipment and communications incurred directly within each segment. in addition, expenses related to support services, such as technology costs, are allocated to each segment primarily based on support service activities directly attributable to the segment. certain other overhead expenses are allocated from corporate & other to the segments based on the relative levels of revenue and card member loans and receivables.
income taxes an income tax provision (benefit) is allocated to each reportable operating segment based on the effective tax rates applicable to the various businesses that comprise the segment.
global consumer services group table 9: gcsg selected income statement data years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                                      change                                                                 change
total revenues net of interest expense                                                 23,579                   21,456                   19,120                    2,123                      10                    2,336                 12
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses                     20,943                   19,026                   17,124                    1,917                      10                    1,902                 11
expenses marketing, business development, rewards and card member services                      12,023                   10,774                    9,233                    1,249                      12                    1,541                 17
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                             4,896                    4,538                    4,246                      358                       8                      292                  7
gcsg primarily issues a wide range of proprietary consumer cards globally. gcsg also provides services to consumers, including travel and lifestyle services and non-card financing products, and manages certain international joint ventures and our partnership agreements in china.
total revenues net of interest expense non-interest revenues increased, primarily driven by discount revenue and net card fees. discount revenue increased 8 percent reflecting a corresponding increase in proprietary consumer billed business. see tables 5, 6 and 10 for more details on billed business performance. the increase in proprietary consumer billed business reflected higher average spend per card and higher cards-in-force. net card fees increased 19 percent, driven primarily by growth in the delta, platinum and gold portfolios, as well as growth in certain key international countries.
net interest income increased, primarily driven by growth in average card member loans and higher yields, partially offset by higher cost of funds.
provisions for losses provisions for losses increased, primarily driven by higher net write-offs, partially offset by a lower reserve build in card member loans due to slower loan growth.
refer to table 10 for the card member loan and receivable write-off rates for 2019 and 2018.
expenses marketing, business development, rewards and card member services expenses increased across all expense categories. the increase in card member rewards expense was primarily driven by higher proprietary and cobrand spending volumes. the increase in card member services expense was primarily driven by higher usage of travel-related benefits. the increase in marketing and business development expenses was primarily due to higher cobrand partner payments.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses increased, primarily driven by higher technology and other servicing-related costs, and increased payroll costs, partially offset by non-income tax-related benefits.
table 10: gcsg selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                  change                        change
proprietary billed business: (billions)
net write-off rate - principal only (b)                                             2.3   %                     2.1   %                     1.8   %
net write-off rate - principal, interest and fees (b)                               2.8   %                     2.5   %                     2.1   %
30+ days past due as a % of total                                                   1.6   %                     1.4   %                     1.3   %
net write-off rate - principal only (b)                                             2.4   %                     2.1   %                     2.1   %
net write-off rate - principal, interest and fees (b)                               2.9   %                     2.6   %                     2.5   %
30+ days past due as a % of total                                                   1.8   %                     1.6   %                     1.4   %
total net write-off rate - principal only (b)                                             2.3   %                     2.1   %                     1.8   %
net write-off rate - principal, interest and fees (b)                               2.8   %                     2.5   %                     2.2   %
30+ days past due as a % of total                                                   1.6   %                     1.5   %                     1.3   %
change                        change
net write-off rate - principal only (b)                               1.4   %                1.3   %                1.3   %
net write-off rate - principal and fees (b)                           1.6   %                1.5   %                1.4   %
30+ days past due as a % of total                                     1.2   %                1.1   %                1.1   %
net write-off rate - principal only (b)                               2.2   %                2.1   %                2.0   %
net write-off rate - principal and fees (b)                           2.4   %                2.3   %                2.1   %
30+ days past due as a % of total                                     1.3   %                1.3   %                1.3   %
total net write-off rate - principal only (b)                               1.7   %                1.6   %                1.5   %
net write-off rate - principal and fees (b)                           1.9   %                1.8   %                1.7   %
30+ days past due as a % of total                                     1.2   %                1.2   %                1.2   %
(a) during 2019, we moved intercompany assets and liabilities, previously recorded in the operating segments, to corporate & other. prior period amounts have been revised to conform to the current period presentation.
table 11: gcsg net interest yield on average card member loans as of or for the years ended december 31,
global commercial services table 12: gcs selected income statement data years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                                    change                                                               change
total revenues net of interest expense                                                 13,528                   12,676                   11,708                    852                       7                    968                  8
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses                     12,611                   11,777                   10,965                    834                       7                    812                  7
expenses marketing, business development, rewards and card member services                       6,241                    5,853                    5,311                    388                       7                    542                 10
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                             3,304                    3,029                    2,811                    275                       9                    218                  8
gcs primarily issues a wide range of proprietary corporate and small business cards and provides payment and expense management services globally. in addition, gcs provides commercial financing products.
total revenues net of interest expense non-interest revenues increased, primarily driven by higher discount revenue, which increased 6 percent, reflecting growth in billed business from small and medium sized businesses, and higher net card fees, primarily due to growth in the u.s. small business platinum portfolio. see tables 5, 6 and 13 for more details on billed business performance.
net interest income increased, primarily driven by growth in average card member loans, partially offset by higher cost of funds.
provisions for losses provisions for losses increased, driven by higher net write-offs in the small business portfolio due to continued portfolio growth, partially offset by lower net write-offs in the corporate portfolio.
expenses marketing, business development, rewards and card member services expenses increased, primarily driven by increases in card member rewards expense and marketing and business development expense, which primarily reflected higher spending volumes and increased corporate client incentives.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses increased, primarily driven by higher technology and other servicing-related costs, and higher payroll costs.
table 13: gcs selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                     change                        change
proprietary billed business (billions)                                                    $513.3                   $486.2                   $438.1                          6      %                     11      %
net write-off rate - principal only(c)                                                       1.9   %                  1.7   %                  1.6   %
net write-off rate - principal, interest and fees(c)                                         2.2   %                  2.0   %                  1.9   %
30+ days past due as a % of total                                                            1.3   %                  1.3   %                  1.2   %
calculation of net interest yield on average card member loans:
90+ days past billing as a % of total(g)                                                     0.8   %                  0.7   %                  0.9   %
net loss ratio (as a % of charge volume)(g)                                                 0.08   %                 0.11   %                 0.10   %
net write-off rate - principal only(c)                                                       1.9   %                  1.7   %                  1.6   %
net write-off rate - principal and fees(c)                                                   2.1   %                  2.0   %                  1.8   %
30+ days past due as a % of total                                                            1.7   %                  1.6   %                  1.6   %
(a)during 2019, we moved intercompany assets and liabilities, previously recorded in the operating segments, to corporate & other. prior period amounts have been revised to conform to the current period presentation.
(b)effective july 1, 2017, gsbs loans and associated metrics reflect worldwide small business services loans. prior to july 1, 2017, due to certain system limitations, small business services loans outside the u.s. and associated credit metrics are reflected within gcsg, and were not significant to either gcsg or gcs.
global merchant and network services table 14: gmns selected income statement and other data years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                                      change                                                               change
total revenues net of interest expense                                                  6,645                    6,393                    6,255                    252                         4                    138                  2
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses                      6,625                    6,371                    6,239                    254                         4                    132                  2
expenses marketing, business development, rewards and card member services                       1,427                    1,250                    1,227                    177                        14                     23                  2
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                             2,050                    2,277                    2,367                  (227)                      (10)                   (90)                (4)
(a)during 2019, we moved intercompany assets and liabilities, previously recorded in the operating segments, to corporate & other. prior period amounts have been revised to conform to the current period presentation.
gmns operates a global payments network that processes and settles card transactions, acquires merchants and provides multi-channel marketing programs and capabilities, services and data analytics, leveraging our global integrated network. gmns manages our partnership relationships with third-party card issuers, merchant acquirers and a prepaid reloadable and gift card program manager, licensing the american express brand and extending the reach of the global network. gmns also manages loyalty coalition businesses in certain countries.
total revenues net of interest expense non-interest revenues increased, primarily driven by worldwide billed business growth.
net interest income increased, reflecting a higher interest expense credit relating to internal transfer pricing, which results in a net benefit for gmns due to its merchant payables.
expenses marketing, business development, rewards and card member services expenses increased, primarily driven by marketing and business development expense reflecting increased network issuer expense due to higher u.s. volumes and payments related to the partnership agreement with our prepaid reloadable and gift card program manager, partially offset by lower levels of spending on growth initiatives.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses decreased, reflecting, in part, lower technology and other service-related costs, and the prior-year loss on a transaction involving the operations of our prepaid reloadable and gift card business.
corporate & other corporate functions and certain other businesses are included in corporate & other.
corporate & other net loss was $1.4 billion and $0.6 billion in 2019 and 2018, respectively. the increase in the net loss in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily driven by lower discrete tax benefits, lower unrealized gains on certain equity investments and higher restructuring charges.
consolidated capital resources and liquidity our balance sheet management objectives are to maintain:
•a solid and flexible equity capital profile;
•a broad, deep and diverse set of funding sources to finance our assets and meet operating requirements; and
•liquidity programs that enable us to continuously meet expected future financing obligations and business requirements for at least a twelve-month period in the event we are unable to continue to raise new funds under our traditional funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions.
capital strategy our objective is to retain sufficient levels of capital generated through earnings and other sources to maintain a solid equity capital base and to provide flexibility to support future business growth. we believe capital allocated to growing businesses with a return on risk-adjusted equity in excess of our costs will generate shareholder value.
the level and composition of our consolidated capital position are determined through our internal capital adequacy assessment process, which takes into account our business activities, as well as marketplace conditions and requirements or expectations of credit rating agencies, regulators and shareholders, among others. our consolidated capital position is also influenced by subsidiary capital requirements. as a bank holding company, we are also subject to regulatory requirements administered by the u.s. federal banking agencies. the federal reserve has established specific capital adequacy guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items.
we report our capital ratios using the basel iii capital definitions and the basel iii standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets. the basel iii minimum requirements and the capital conservation buffers have been fully phased in as of january 1, 2019.
as a category iv firm, we are no longer subject to the basel iii advanced approaches capital requirements. refer to "financial regulatory reform" under part i, item i. "business - supervision and regulation" for additional details.
the following table presents our regulatory risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios and those of our significant bank subsidiary, american express national bank (aenb) as of december 31, 2019.
table 15: regulatory risk-based capital and leverage ratios basel iii minimum                  ratios as of december 31, 2019
risk-based capital common equity tier 1                                      7.0       %
table 16: regulatory risk-based capital components and risk-weighted assets american express company($ in billions)                                     december 31, 2019
risk-based capital common equity tier 1                                                            $18.1
tier 1 capital                                                                   19.6
tier 2 capital                                                                    2.6
total capital                                                                    22.2
risk-weighted assets                                                            168.5
we seek to maintain capital levels and ratios in excess of the minimum regulatory requirements, specifically within a 10 to 11 percent target range for american express' common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, and finance such capital in a cost efficient manner. failure to maintain minimum capital levels at american express or aenb could affect our status as a financial holding company and cause the regulatory agencies with oversight of american express or aenb to take actions that could limit our business operations.
our primary source of equity capital has been the generation of net income. capital generated through net income and other sources, such as the exercise of stock options by employees, is used to maintain a strong balance sheet, support asset growth and engage in acquisitions, with excess available for distribution to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
we maintain certain flexibility to shift capital across our businesses as appropriate. for example, we may infuse additional capital into subsidiaries to maintain capital at targeted levels in consideration of debt ratings and regulatory requirements. these infused amounts can affect the capital profile and liquidity levels at the american express parent company level.
the following are definitions for our regulatory risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratio, which are calculated as per standard regulatory guidance:
risk-weighted assets - assets are weighted for risk according to a formula used by the federal reserve to conform to capital adequacy guidelines. on- and off-balance sheet items are weighted for risk, with off-balance sheet items converted to balance sheet equivalents, using risk conversion factors, before being allocated a risk-adjusted weight. off-balance sheet exposures comprise a minimal part of the total risk-weighted assets.
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio - calculated as common equity tier 1 capital (cet1), divided by risk-weighted assets. cet1 is the sum of common shareholders' equity, adjusted for ineligible goodwill and intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets, as well as certain other comprehensive income items as follows: net unrealized gains/losses on securities, foreign currency translation adjustments and net unrealized pension and other postretirement benefit/losses, all net of tax.
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio - calculated as tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets. tier 1 capital is the sum of cet1, our perpetual preferred stock and third-party non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries, adjusted for capital held by insurance subsidiaries. the minimum requirement for the tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is 1.5 percent higher than the minimum for the cet1 risk-based capital ratio. we have $1.6 billion of preferred shares outstanding to help address a portion of the tier 1 capital requirements in excess of common equity requirements.
total risk-based capital ratio - calculated as the sum of tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital, divided by risk-weighted assets. tier 2 capital is the sum of the allowance for loan and receivable losses (limited to 1.25 percent of risk-weighted assets), minority interest that is not included in tier 1 capital and $480 million of eligible subordinated notes, adjusted for capital held by insurance subsidiaries. the $480 million of eligible subordinated notes reflect a 20 percent, or $120 million, reduction of tier 2 capital credit for the $600 million subordinated debt issued in december 2014.
tier 1 leverage ratio - calculated by dividing tier 1 capital by our average total consolidated assets for the most recent quarter.
supplementary leverage ratio - calculated by dividing tier 1 capital by total leverage exposure under basel iii. total leverage exposure reflects average total consolidated assets with adjustments for tier 1 capital deductions, average off-balance sheet derivative exposures, average securities purchased under agreements to resell, and average credit equivalents of conditionally and unconditionally cancellable undrawn commitments.
in december 2018, federal banking regulators issued a final rule that provides an optional three-year phase-in period for the adverse regulatory capital effects upon adopting the cecl model pursuant to new accounting guidance for the recognition of credit losses on financial instruments, effective january 1, 2020. we plan to elect to phase-in the regulatory capital impact of adopting cecl, at 25 percent per year through january 1, 2023. the federal reserve also released a statement indicating that it plans to maintain the current framework for calculating credit loss allowances on loans in supervisory stress tests through the 2021 stress test cycle. refer to note 1 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further information about cecl.
share repurchases and dividends we return capital to common shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. the share repurchases reduce common shares outstanding and more than offset the issuance of new shares as part of employee compensation plans.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we returned $5.9 billion to our shareholders in the form of common stock dividends of $1.4 billion and share repurchases of $4.6 billion. we repurchased 40 million common shares at an average price of $115.50 in 2019. these dividend and share repurchase amounts collectively represent approximately 87 percent of total capital generated during the year.
in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2019, we paid $81 million in dividends on non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares outstanding. for additional information on our preferred shares, refer to note 16 to the "consolidated financial statements."
funding strategy our principal funding objective is to maintain broad and well-diversified funding sources to allow us to meet our maturing obligations, cost-effectively finance current and future asset growth in our global businesses, as well as to maintain a strong liquidity profile. the diversity of funding sources by type of instrument, by maturity and by investor base, among other factors, provides additional insulation from the impact of disruptions in any one type of instrument, maturity or investor. the mix of our funding in any period will seek to achieve cost efficiency consistent with both maintaining diversified sources and achieving our liquidity objectives. while we seek to diversify our funding sources by maintaining scale and relevance in unsecured debt, asset securitizations and deposits, we currently expect that direct deposits, such as the personal savings program, will become a larger proportion of our funding over time. our funding strategy and activities are integrated into our asset-liability management activities. we have in place a funding policy covering american express company and all of our subsidiaries.
our global proprietary card-issuing businesses generate significant assets in both domestic and international card member lending and receivable activities. our financing needs are in large part a consequence of our proprietary card-issuing businesses, and the maintenance of a liquidity position to meet regulatory requirements and support all of our business activities, such as merchant payments. we generally pay merchants for card transactions prior to reimbursement by card members and therefore fund the merchant payments during the period card member loans and receivables are outstanding. we also have additional financing needs associated with general corporate purposes. our funding plan to meet these financing needs is in turn driven by, among other factors, our liquidity position, size and mix of business asset growth, choice of funding sources, and our maturing obligations.
funding programs and activities we meet our funding needs through a variety of sources, including direct and third-party distributed deposits and debt instruments, such as senior unsecured debt, asset securitizations, borrowings through secured borrowing facilities and a committed bank credit facility.
we had the following consolidated debt and customer deposits outstanding as of december 31:
table 17: summary of consolidated debt and customer deposits
customer deposits                                    73.3                    70.0
total debt and customer deposits                   $137.5                  $131.5
we may redeem from time to time certain debt securities within 31 days prior to the original contractual maturity dates in accordance with the optional redemption provisions of those debt securities.
our funding plan for the full year 2020 includes, among other sources, approximately zero to $3 billion of unsecured term debt issuance and approximately $7 billion to $10 billion of secured term debt issuance. our annual funding plans can vary due to various risks and uncertainties, such as future business growth, the impact of global economic, political and other events on market capacity, demand for securities offered by us, regulatory changes, ability to securitize and sell receivables, and the performance of receivables previously sold in securitization transactions. many of these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control.
our equity capital and funding strategies are designed, among other things, to maintain appropriate and stable unsecured debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies: moody's investor services (moody's), standard & poor's (s&p) and fitch ratings (fitch). such ratings help support our access to cost-effective unsecured funding as part of our overall funding strategy. our asset securitization activities are rated separately.
table 18: unsecured debt ratings credit agency        american express entity                                                       short-term ratings         long-term ratings       outlook fitch                all rated entities                                                            f1                         a                       stable moody's              american express travel related services company, inc.                        n/a                        a2                      stable moody's              american express credit corporation                                           prime-1                    a2                      stable moody's              american express national bank                                                prime-1                    a3                      stable moody's              american express company                                                      n/a                        a3                      stable s&amp;p              american express travel related services company, inc.                        n/a                        a-                      stable s&amp;p              american express credit corporation and american express national bank        a-2                        a-                      stable s&amp;p              american express company                                                      a-2                        bbb+                    stable downgrades in the ratings of our unsecured debt or asset securitization program securities could result in higher funding costs, as well as higher fees related to borrowings under our unused lines of credit. declines in credit ratings could also reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets. we believe our funding mix, including the proportion of u.s. retail deposits insured by the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic) to total funding, should reduce the impact that credit rating downgrades would have on our funding capacity and costs.
short-term funding programs short-term borrowings, such as commercial paper, are defined as any debt with an original maturity of twelve months or less, as well as interest-bearing overdrafts with banks. our short-term funding programs are used primarily to fund working capital needs, such as managing seasonal variations in receivables balances. the amount of short-term borrowings issued in the future will depend on our funding strategy, our needs and market conditions. as of december 31, 2019, we had $3.0 billion in commercial paper outstanding and we had an average of $0.3 billion in commercial paper outstanding during 2019. refer to note 8 to the "consolidated financial statements" for a further description of these borrowings.
deposit programs we offer deposits within our u.s. bank subsidiary, aenb. these funds are currently insured up to $250,000 per account holder through the fdic. our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates is dependent on the capital level of aenb. we, through aenb, have a personal savings program, which is our primary deposit product channel. the direct retail program makes fdic-insured certificates of deposit (cds) and high-yield savings account products available directly to consumers. we also source deposits through third-party distribution channels as needed to meet our overall funding objectives. as of december 31, 2019 we had $73.3 billion in customer deposits. refer to note 7 to the "consolidated financial statements" for a further description of these deposits.
long-term debt and asset securitization programs as of december 31, 2019, we had $57.8 billion in long-term debt outstanding. during 2019, we and our subsidiaries issued $11.7 billion of unsecured debt and asset-backed securities with maturities ranging from 2 to 7 years. refer to note 8 to the "consolidated financial statements" for a further description of these borrowings.
we periodically securitize card member loans and receivables arising from our card business, as the securitization market provides us with cost-effective funding. securitization of card member loans and receivables is accomplished through the transfer of those assets to a trust, which in turn issues securities collateralized by the transferred assets to third-party investors. the proceeds from issuance are distributed to us, through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, as consideration for the transferred assets. refer to note 5 to the "consolidated financial statements" for a further description of our asset securitizations.
on february 1, 2020, we removed u.s. consumer and small business card member receivables from the american express issuance trust ii (the charge trust) and substantially replaced them with u.s. corporate card member receivables.
fixed rate senior notes (weighted-average coupon of 2.92%)                                $5.6
american express credit account master trust:
fixed rate class a certificates (weighted-average coupon of 2.55%)                         4.2
fixed rate class b certificates (weighted-average coupon of 2.75%)                         0.2
liquidity management our liquidity objective is to maintain access to a diverse set of on- and off-balance sheet liquidity sources. we seek to maintain liquidity sources in amounts sufficient to meet our expected future financial obligations and business requirements for liquidity for a period of at least twelve months in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions.
our liquidity management strategy includes a number of elements, including, but not limited to:
•maintaining diversified funding sources (refer to the "funding strategy" section for more details);
•maintaining unencumbered liquid assets and off-balance sheet liquidity sources;
•projecting cash inflows and outflows under a variety of economic and market scenarios;
•establishing clear objectives for liquidity risk management, including compliance with regulatory requirements; and
•incorporating liquidity risk management as appropriate into our capital adequacy framework.
we seek to maintain access to a diverse set of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet liquidity sources, including cash and other liquid assets, committed bank credit facilities and secured borrowing facilities. through our u.s. bank subsidiary, aenb, we also hold collateral eligible for use at the federal reserve's discount window.
the amount and type of liquidity resources we maintain can vary over time, based upon the results of stress scenarios required under the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, as well as additional stress scenarios required under our liquidity risk policy. these stress scenarios possess distinct characteristics, varying by cash flow assumptions, time horizon and qualifying liquidity sources, among other factors. scenarios under our liquidity risk policy include market-wide, firm-specific and combined liquidity stresses. we consider other factors in determining the amount and type of liquidity we maintain, such as economic and financial market conditions, seasonality in business operations, growth in our businesses, potential acquisitions or dispositions, the cost and availability of alternative liquidity sources and credit rating agency guidelines and requirements.
the investment income we receive on liquidity resources is less than the interest expense on the sources of funding for these balances. the level of future net interest costs to maintain these resources can be substantial, as it depends on the amount of liquidity resources we maintain and the difference between our cost of funding these amounts and their investment yields.
securitized borrowing capacity as of december 31, 2019, we maintained our committed, revolving, secured borrowing facility, with a maturity date of july 15, 2022, which gives us the right to sell up to $3.0 billion face amount of eligible aaa notes from the charge trust. we also maintained our committed, revolving, secured borrowing facility, with a maturity date of september 15, 2022, which gives us the right to sell up to $2.0 billion face amount of eligible aaa certificates from the american express credit account master trust (the lending trust). both facilities are used in the ordinary course of business to fund working capital needs, as well as to further enhance our contingent funding resources. as of december 31, 2019, no amounts were drawn on the charge trust facility or the lending trust facility.
federal reserve discount window as an insured depository institution, aenb may borrow from the federal reserve bank of san francisco, subject to the amount of qualifying collateral that it may pledge. the federal reserve has indicated that both credit and charge card receivables are a form of qualifying collateral for secured borrowings made through the discount window. whether specific assets will be considered qualifying collateral and the amount that may be borrowed against the collateral, remain at the discretion of the federal reserve.
we had approximately $76.6 billion as of december 31, 2019 in u.s. credit card loans and charge card receivables that could be sold over time through our securitization trusts or pledged in return for secured borrowings to provide further liquidity, subject in each case to applicable market conditions and eligibility criteria.
committed bank credit facility in addition to the secured borrowing facilities described above, we maintained a committed syndicated bank credit facility as of december 31, 2019 of $3.5 billion, with a maturity date of october 15, 2022. the availability of this credit line is subject to our compliance with certain financial covenants, principally the maintenance by american express credit corporation (credco) of a certain ratio of combined earnings and fixed charges to fixed charges. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, we were in compliance with each of our covenants. as of december 31, 2019, no amounts were drawn on the committed credit facility. we may, from time to time, use this facility in the ordinary course of business to fund working capital needs. any undrawn portion of this facility could serve as backstop for the amount of commercial paper outstanding.
our committed bank credit facility does not contain a material adverse change clause, which might otherwise preclude borrowing under the credit facility, nor is it dependent on our credit rating.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flow activity, followed by a discussion of the major drivers impacting operating, investing and financing cash flows.
operating activities                                                                                         $13.6                    $8.9                   $13.5
effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                        0.2                     0.1                     0.3
cash flows from operating activities our cash flows from operating activities primarily include net income adjusted for (i) non-cash items included in net income, such as provisions for losses, depreciation and amortization, deferred taxes and stock-based compensation and (ii) changes in the balances of operating assets and liabilities, which can vary significantly in the normal course of business due to the amount and timing of payments.
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by the amount and timing of payments of accounts payable and other liabilities.
cash flows from investing activities our cash flows from investing activities primarily include changes in card member receivables and loans, as well as changes in our available-for-sale investment securities portfolio.
the decrease in net cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by lower growth in card member receivables and loans, partially offset by a larger net increase in the investment securities portfolio.
cash flows from financing activities our cash flows from financing activities primarily include changes in customer deposits, long-term debt and short-term borrowings, as well as dividend payments and share repurchases.
the increase in net cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by a higher level of share repurchases and lower growth in customer deposits.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we have identified both on- and off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations and other relationships that may have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity and capital resources.
contractual obligations the table below identifies transactions that represent our contractually committed future obligations. purchase obligations include our agreements to purchase goods and services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
table 21: committed future obligations by year payments due by year(a)
certificates of deposit                                   4,632                   4,687                        625                                -                         9,944
(a)the table above excludes approximately $0.7 billion of tax reserves related to the uncertainty in income taxes as inherent complexities and the number of tax years currently open for examination in multiple jurisdictions do not permit reasonable estimates of payments, if any, to be made over a range of years. refer to note 20 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information.
(b)estimated interest payments were calculated using the effective interest rates as of december 31, 2019, and includes the effect of existing interest rate swaps. actual cash flows may differ from estimated payments.
(c)represents the remaining obligation under the tax act to pay a one-time transition tax on unrepatriated earnings and profits of certain foreign subsidiaries. in 2019, the internal revenue service applied our prior year u.s. federal income tax return over-payment against a portion of the remaining obligation.
(d)the purchase obligation amounts represent either the early termination fees or non-cancelable minimum contractual obligations, as applicable, by period under contracts that were in effect as of december 31, 2019.
(e)as of december 31, 2019, there were no minimum required contributions, and no contributions are currently planned, for the u.s. american express retirement plan. for the u.s. american express retirement restoration plan and non-u.s. defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans, contributions in 2020 are anticipated to be approximately $45 million, and this amount has been included within other long-term liabilities. remaining obligations under defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans aggregating $595 million have not been included in the table above as the timing of such obligations is not determinable. additionally, other long-term liabilities do not include $8.9 billion of membership rewards liabilities, which are not considered long-term liabilities as card members in good standing can redeem points immediately, without restrictions, and because the timing of point redemption is not determinable.
(f)as of december 31, 2019, we had committed to provide funding related to certain tax credit investments resulting in a $211 million unfunded commitment included in other long-term liabilities. in addition to this amount, there was a further $78 million of contractual off-balance sheet obligations that have not been included in the table above as the timing of such obligations is not determinable. refer to note 6 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information.
in addition to the contractual obligations noted in table 21, we have financial commitments related to agreements with certain cobrand partners under which we are required to make a certain level of minimum payments over the life of the agreement, generally ranging from five to ten years. such commitments are designed to be satisfied by the payments we make to such cobrand partners primarily based on card members' spending and earning rewards on their cobrand cards and as we acquire new card members. in the event these payments do not fully satisfy the commitment, we will pay the cobrand partner up to the amount of the commitment in exchange for an equivalent value of reward points. as of december 31, 2019, we had $5 billion in such commitments outstanding and also had certain cobrand arrangements that include commitments based on variables, the values of which are not yet determinable and thus the amount is not quantifiable.
we also have off-balance sheet arrangements that include guarantees, indemnifications and certain other off-balance sheet arrangements.
guarantees as of december 31, 2019, we had guarantees and indemnifications totaling approximately $1 billion related primarily to real estate and business dispositions in the ordinary course of business. refer to note 15 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further discussion regarding our guarantees.
certain other off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $306 billion of unused credit available to card members as part of established lending product agreements. total unused credit available to card members does not represent potential future cash requirements, as a significant portion of this unused credit will likely not be drawn. our charge card products generally have no pre-set spending limit, and therefore are not reflected in unused credit available to card members.
we provide card member protection plans that cover losses associated with purchased products. the maximum potential liability related to these plans is the portion of annual billed business for which timely and valid disputes may be raised under applicable law and relevant customer agreements. however, based on historical experience, we believe that this total amount is not representative of our actual potential loss exposure. the actual amount of the potential exposure cannot be quantified as the billed business volumes which may include or result in claims under these plans are not sufficiently estimable. losses related to these protection plans were immaterial for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
refer to notes 6 and 12 to the "consolidated financial statements" for discussion regarding our other off-balance sheet arrangements.
risk management governance we use our comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management (erm) program to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks. the program also defines our risk appetite, governance, culture and capabilities. the implementation and execution of the erm program is headed by our chief risk officer.
risk management is overseen by our board of directors through three board committees: the risk committee, the audit and compliance committee, and the compensation and benefits committee. each committee consists entirely of independent directors and provides regular reports to the full board regarding matters reviewed at their committee. the committees meet regularly in private sessions with our chief risk officer, the chief compliance & ethics officer, the chief audit executive and other senior management with regard to our risk management processes, controls, talent and capabilities. the board monitors the "tone at the top," our risk culture, and oversees emerging and strategic risks.
the risk committee of our board of directors provides oversight of our enterprise-wide risk management framework, processes and methodologies. the risk committee approves our erm policy. the erm policy governs risk governance, risk oversight and risk appetite for risks, including individual credit risk, institutional credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk, compliance risk, model risk, asset/liability risk, strategic and business risk, and foreign country risk. risk appetite defines the authorized risk limits to control exposures within our risk capacity and risk tolerance, including stressed forward-looking scenarios. in addition, it establishes principles for risk taking in the aggregate and for each risk type, and is supported by a comprehensive system for monitoring limits, escalation triggers and assessing control programs.
the risk committee reviews and concurs in the appointment, replacement, performance and compensation of our chief risk officer and receives regular updates from the chief risk officer on key risks, transactions and exposures.
the risk committee reviews our risk profile against the tolerances specified in the risk appetite framework, including significant risk exposures, risk trends in our portfolios and major risk concentrations.
the risk committee also provides oversight of our compliance with basel capital and liquidity standards, our internal capital adequacy assessment process, including its comprehensive capital analysis and review (ccar) submissions, and resolution planning.
the audit and compliance committee of our board of directors reviews and approves compliance policies, which include our compliance risk tolerance statement. in addition, the audit and compliance committee reviews the effectiveness of our corporate-wide compliance risk management program. more broadly, this committee is responsible for assisting the board in its oversight responsibilities relating to the integrity of our financial statements and financial reporting process, internal and external auditing, including the qualifications and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of our internal audit services function, and the integrity of our systems of internal controls.
the audit and compliance committee provides oversight of our internal audit group. the audit and compliance committee reviews and concurs in the appointment, replacement, performance and compensation of our chief audit executive and approves internal audit's annual audit plan, charter, policies and budget. the audit and compliance committee also receives regular updates on the audit plan's status and results including significant reports issued by internal audit and the status of our corrective actions.
the compensation and benefits committee of our board of directors works with the chief risk officer to ensure our overall compensation programs, as well as those covering our risk-taking employees, appropriately balance risk with business incentives and how business performance is achieved without taking imprudent or excessive risk. our chief risk officer is actively involved in setting goals. our chief risk officer also reviews the current and forward-looking risk profiles of each business unit and provides input into performance evaluation. the chief risk officer meets with the compensation and benefits committee and attests whether performance goals and results have been achieved without taking imprudent risks. the compensation and benefits committee uses a risk-balanced incentive compensation framework to decide on our bonus pools and the compensation of senior executives.
there are several internal management committees, including the enterprise-wide risk management committee (ermc), chaired by our chief risk officer. the ermc is the highest-level management committee to oversee all firm-wide risks and is responsible for risk governance, risk oversight and risk appetite. it maintains the enterprise-wide risk appetite framework and monitors compliance with limits and escalations defined in it. the ermc oversees implementation of risk policies company-wide. the ermc reviews key risk exposures, trends and concentrations, significant compliance matters, and provides guidance on the steps to monitor, control and report major risks.
as defined in the erm policy, we follow the "three lines of defense" approach to risk management. the first line of defense comprises functions and management committees directly initiating risk taking. business unit presidents, our chief credit officer, chief market risk officer and functional risk officer are part of the first line of defense. the second line comprises independent functions overseeing risk-taking activities of the first line. the chief risk officer, the chief compliance & ethics officer, the chief operational risk officer and certain control groups, both at the enterprise level and within regulated entities, are part of the second line of defense. the global risk oversight team oversees the policies, strategies, frameworks, models, processes and capabilities deployed by the first line teams and provides challenges and independent assessments on how the first line of defense is managing risks. in addition, the asset liability committee, chaired by our chief financial officer, is responsible for managing market, liquidity and asset/liability risk, capital and resolution planning.
our internal audit group constitutes the third line of defense, and provides independent assessments and effective challenge of the first and second lines of defense.
credit risk management process credit risk is defined as loss due to obligor or counterparty default or changes in the credit quality of a counterparty or security. our credit risks are divided into two broad categories: individual and institutional. each has distinct risk management capabilities, strategies, and tools. business units that create individual or institutional credit risk exposures of significant importance are supported by dedicated risk management teams, each led by a chief credit officer.
individual credit risk individual credit risk arises from consumer and small business charge cards, credit cards, and term loans. these portfolios consist of millions of customers across multiple geographies, industries and levels of net worth. we benefit from the high-
quality profile of our customers, which is driven by our brand, premium customer servicing, product features and risk management capabilities, which span underwriting, customer management and collections. the risk in these portfolios is generally correlated to broad economic trends, such as unemployment rates and gross domestic product (gdp) growth.
the business unit leaders and their chief credit officers take the lead in managing the credit risk process. these chief credit officers are guided by the individual credit risk committee (icrc), which is responsible for implementation and enforcement of the individual credit risk management policy. the icrc ensures compliance with ermc guidelines and procedures and escalates to the ermc as appropriate. the individual credit risk management policy is further supported by subordinate policies and operating manuals covering decision logic and processes of credit extension, including prospecting, new account approvals, point-of-sale authorizations, credit line management and collections. the subordinate risk policies and operating manuals are designed to ensure consistent application of risk management principles and standardized reporting of asset quality and loss recognition.
credit risk management is supported by sophisticated proprietary scoring and decision-making models that use up-to-date information on prospects and customers, such as spending and payment history and data feeds from credit bureaus. we have developed data-driven economic decision logic for customer interactions to better serve our customers.
institutional credit risk institutional credit risk arises principally within our gcs, gms and gns businesses, as well as investment and liquidity management activities. unlike individual credit risk, institutional credit risk is characterized by a lower loss frequency but higher severity. it is affected both by general economic conditions and by client-specific events. the absence of large losses in any given year or over several years is not necessarily representative of the level of risk of institutional portfolios, given the infrequency of loss events in such portfolios.
similar to individual credit risk, business units taking institutional credit risks are supported by chief credit officers. these officers are guided by the institutional risk management committee (irmc), which is responsible for implementation and enforcement of the institutional credit risk management policy and for providing guidance to the credit officers of each business unit with substantial institutional credit risk exposures. the committee, along with the business unit chief credit officers, makes investment decisions in core risk capabilities, ensures proper implementation of the underwriting standards and contractual rights for risk mitigation, monitors risk exposures, and determines risk mitigation actions. the irmc formally reviews large institutional risk exposures to ensure compliance with ermc guidelines and procedures and escalates them to the ermc as appropriate. at the same time, the irmc provides guidance to the business unit risk management teams to optimize risk-adjusted returns on capital. a centralized risk rating unit provides risk assessment of our institutional obligors.
exposure to the airline and travel industry we have multiple important cobrand, rewards, merchant acceptance and corporate payments arrangements with airlines. the erm program evaluates the risks posed by our airline partners and the overall airline strategy companywide through comprehensive business analysis of global airlines, and the travel industry more broadly, including cruise lines, travel agencies and tour operators. our largest airline partner is delta, and this relationship includes an exclusive cobrand credit card partnership and other arrangements including membership rewards redemption, merchant acceptance, travel and corporate payments. see "we face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations" and "arrangements with our business partners represent a significant portion of our business. we are exposed to risks associated with our business partners, including reputational issues, business slowdowns, bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings and consolidations, and the possible obligation to make payments to our partners" under "risk factors" for additional information.
debt exposure as part of our ongoing risk management process, we monitor our financial exposure to both sovereign and non-sovereign customers and counterparties, and measure and manage concentrations of risk by geographic regions, as well as by economic sectors and industries. a primary focus area for monitoring is credit deterioration due to weaknesses in economic and fiscal profiles. we evaluate countries based on the market assessment of the riskiness of their sovereign debt and our assessment of the economic and financial outlook and closely monitor those deemed high risk. as of december 31, 2019, we considered our gross credit exposures to government entities, financial institutions and corporations in those countries deemed high risk to be individually and collectively not material.
operational risk management process we define operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or the external environment, including failures to comply with laws and regulations as well as impacts from relationships with third parties. operational risk is inherent in all business activities and can impact an organization through direct or indirect financial loss, brand damage, customer dissatisfaction, or legal and regulatory penalties.
to appropriately measure and manage operational risk, we have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee. the operational risk management committee (ormc), chaired by the chief operational risk officer, coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls and oversees the preventive, responsive and mitigation efforts by operational excellence teams in the business units and staff groups.
we use the operational risk framework to identify, measure, monitor and report inherent and emerging operational risks. this framework, supervised by the ormc, consists of (a) operational risk event capture, (b) a project office to coordinate issue management and control enhancements, (c) key risk indicators, and (d) process and entity-level risk assessments.
the framework requires the assessment of operational risk events to determine root causes, impact to customers and/or us, and resolution plan accountability to correct any defect, remediate customers, and enhance controls and testing to mitigate future issues. the impact is assessed from an operational, financial, brand, regulatory compliance and legal perspective.
information and cyber security we have implemented an information security program and operating model that is designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification or destruction.
our information security program and operating model are based on the national institute of standards and technology cybersecurity common standards framework, which consist of controls designed to identify, protect, detect, respond and recover from information and cyber security incidents. the framework defines risks and associated controls which are embedded in our processes and technology. those controls are measured and monitored by a combination of subject matter experts and a security operations center with our integrated cyber detection, response and recovery capabilities.
chaired by the chief information security officer, our information security risk management committee, a sub-committee of the ormc, provides governance for our information security risk management program. the information security and technology oversight team provides independent challenge and assessment of the information, cyber security and technology risk management programs.
see "a major information or cyber security incident or an increase in fraudulent activity could lead to reputational damage to our brand and material legal, regulatory and financial exposure, and could reduce the use and acceptance of our charge and credit cards" under "risk factors" for additional information.
privacy and data governance our privacy framework and operating model follow a similar structure. chaired by the chief privacy officer, our privacy risk management committee, a sub-committee of the ormc, provides oversight and governance for our privacy program. the committee is responsible for the governance over the collection, notice, use, sharing, transfer, confidentiality and retention of personal data.
our enterprise data governance framework and policy defines governance requirements for data used in critical processes.
compliance risk management process we define compliance risk as the risk of legal or reputational harm, fines, monetary penalties and payment of damages or other forms of sanction as a result of non-compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules or standards of conduct.
we view our ability to effectively mitigate compliance risk as an important aspect of our business model. our global compliance and ethics organization is responsible for establishing and maintaining our corporate-wide compliance risk management program. pursuant to this program, we seek to manage and mitigate compliance risk by assessing, controlling, monitoring, measuring and reporting the legal and regulatory risks to which we are exposed. the compliance risk management committee (crmc), chaired by the chief compliance and ethics officer, is responsible for identifying, evaluating, managing, and escalating compliance risks. the crmc has a dual reporting relationship directly to both the ermc and the audit and compliance committee.
we have a comprehensive anti-money laundering program that monitors and reports suspicious activity to the appropriate government authorities. as part of that program, the global risk oversight team provides independent risk assessment of the rules used by the anti-money laundering team. in addition, the internal audit group reviews the processes for practices consistent with regulatory guidance.
reputational risk management process we define reputational risk as the risk that negative stakeholder reaction to our products, services, client and partner relationships, business activities and policies, management and workplace culture, or our response to unexpected events, could cause sustained, critical media coverage, a decline in revenue or investment, talent attrition, litigation, or government or regulatory scrutiny.
we view protecting our reputation for excellent customer service, trust, security and high integrity as core to our vision of providing the world's best customer experience and fundamental to our long-term success.
our business leaders are responsible for considering the reputational risk implications of business activities and strategies and ensuring the relevant subject matter experts are engaged as needed. the ermc is responsible for ensuring reputational risk considerations are included in the scope of appropriate subordinate risk policies and committees and properly reflected in all decisions escalated to the ermc.
market risk management process market risk is the risk to earnings or asset and liability values resulting from movements in market prices. our market risk exposures include interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk. interest rate risk is driven by the relationship between interest rates on assets (such as loans, receivables and investment securities) and interest rates on liabilities (such as debt and deposits). foreign exchange risk arises from transactions, funding, investments and earnings in currencies other than the u.s. dollar.
our asset-liability management (alm) and market risk policies establish the framework that guides and governs market risk management, including quantitative limits and escalation triggers. these policies are approved by the asset liability committee or market risk management committee.
market risk is managed by the market risk management committee. the market risk oversight officer provides an independent risk assessment and oversight over the policies and exposure management for market risk and alm activities, as well as overseeing compliance with the volcker rule and other regulatory requirements. market risk management is also guided and governed by policies covering the use of derivative financial instruments, funding, liquidity and investments.
interest rate risk we analyze a variety of interest rate scenarios to inform us of the potential impacts from interest rate changes on earnings and the value of assets, liabilities and the economic value of equity. our interest rate exposure can vary over time as a result of, among other things, the proportion of our total funding provided by variable-and fixed-rate debt and deposits compared to our card member loans and receivables. interest rate swaps are used from time to time to effectively convert debt issuances to (or from) variable-rate, from (or to) fixed-rate. we do not engage in derivative financial instruments for trading purposes other than with respect to our foreign exchange international payments business activities. refer to note 13 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further discussion of our derivative financial instruments.
as of december 31, 2019, a hypothetical, immediate 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would have a detrimental effect on our annual net interest income of approximately $141 million. this measure first projects net interest income over the following twelve-month time horizon considering forecasted business growth and anticipated future market interest rates. the detrimental impact from a rate increase is then measured by instantaneously increasing the anticipated future interest rates by 100 basis points. it is further assumed that our interest-rate sensitive assets and the majority of our liabilities that reprice within the twelve-month horizon generally reprice by 100 basis points. our estimated repricing risk assumes that certain deposit liabilities reprice at a lower magnitude than benchmark rate movements consistent with historical deposit repricing experience in the industry and within our own portfolio. actual changes in our net interest income will depend on many factors, and therefore may differ from our estimated risk to changes in market interest rates.
in addition to parallel rate changes, our net interest income is subject to changes in the relationship between market benchmark rates. for example, movements in prime rate change the yield on a large portion of our variable-rate u.s. lending receivables and loans, while libor rates determine the effective interest rate on a significant portion of our outstanding funding. differences in the rate of change of these two benchmark indices, commonly referred to as basis risk, would thus impact our net interest income. the detrimental effect on our net interest income of a hypothetical 10 basis point decrease in the spread between prime and libor over the next twelve months is estimated to be $20 million. we currently have approximately $48 billion of prime-based, variable-rate u.s. lending receivables and loans and $20 billion of libor-indexed debt, including asset securitizations.
libor transition due to uncertainty surrounding the suitability and sustainability of libor, central banks and global regulators have called for financial market participants to prepare for the discontinuance of libor by the end of 2021 and the establishment of alternative reference rates.
we have financial instruments and commercial agreements that will be impacted by the discontinuance of libor, including floating rate debt and equity instruments, derivatives, borrowings and other contracts. we have established an enterprise-wide, cross-functional initiative to identify, assess and monitor risks associated with libor, engage with the industry participants and regulators and to transition to new alternative reference rates. as part of this initiative, we are reviewing and updating our operational processes, it systems and models for a timely transition.
see "uncertainty relating to libor and other reference rates and their potential discontinuance may negatively impact our access to funding and the value of our financial instruments and commercial agreements" under "risk factors" for additional information.
foreign exchange risk foreign exchange exposures arise in four principal ways: 1) card member spending in currencies that are not the billing currency, 2) cross-currency transactions and balances from our funding activities, 3) cross-currency investing activities, such as in the equity of foreign subsidiaries, and 4) revenues generated and expenses incurred in foreign currencies, which impact earnings.
these foreign exchange risks are managed primarily by entering into foreign exchange spot transactions or hedged with foreign exchange forward contracts when the hedge costs are economically justified and in notional amounts designed to offset pretax impacts from currency movements in the period in which they occur. as of december 31, 2019, foreign currency derivative instruments with total notional amounts of approximately $36 billion were outstanding.
with respect to card member spending and cross-currency transactions, including related foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding, a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the u.s. dollar would result in an immaterial impact to projected earnings as of december 31, 2019. with respect to translation exposure of foreign subsidiary equity balances, including related foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding, a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the u.s. dollar would result in an immaterial reduction in other comprehensive income and equity as of december 31, 2019. with respect to earnings denominated in foreign currencies, the adverse impact on pretax income of a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the u.s. dollar related to anticipated overseas operating results for the next twelve months would be approximately $146 million as of december 31, 2019.
to a much lesser extent, we are also subject to market risk arising from activities conducted by our foreign exchange international payments business. we aim to minimize market risk from these activities through hedging, where appropriate, and the establishment of limits to define and protect the company from excessive exposure.
the actual impact of interest rate and foreign exchange rate changes will depend on, among other factors, the timing of rate changes, the extent to which different rates do not move in the same direction or in the same direction to the same degree, changes in the cost, volume and mix of our hedging activities and changes in the volume and mix of our businesses.
funding & liquidity risk management process liquidity risk is defined as our inability to meet our ongoing financial and business obligations as they become due at a reasonable cost.
our board-approved liquidity risk policy establishes the framework that guides and governs liquidity risk management.
liquidity risk is managed by the funding and liquidity committee. in addition, the market risk oversight officer provides independent oversight of liquidity risk management. we manage liquidity risk by maintaining access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities and contingent sources of liquidity, such that we can continuously meet our business requirements and expected future financing obligations for at least a twelve-month period in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions. we consider the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which can be costly and limit financial flexibility, and having inadequate liquidity, which may result in financial distress during a liquidity event.
liquidity risk is managed at an aggregate consolidated level as well as at certain subsidiaries in order to ensure that sufficient and accessible liquidity resources are maintained. the funding and liquidity committee reviews forecasts of our aggregate and subsidiary cash positions and financing requirements, approves funding plans designed to satisfy those requirements under normal and stressed conditions, establishes guidelines to identify the amount of liquidity resources required and monitors positions and determines any actions to be taken.
model risk management process we define model risk as the risk of adverse consequences, such as financial loss, poor business and strategic decision making, or damage to our reputation, from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports.
we manage model risk through a comprehensive model governance framework, including policies and procedures for model development, independent model validation and change management capabilities that seek to minimize erroneous model methodology, outputs and misuse. we also assess model performance on an ongoing basis.
strategic and business risk management process strategic and business risk is the risk related to our inability to achieve our business objectives due to poor strategic decisions, including decisions related to mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures, poor implementation of strategic decisions or declining demand for our products and services.
strategic decisions are reviewed and approved by business leaders and various committees and must be aligned with company policies. we seek to manage strategic and business risks through risk controls embedded in these processes as well as overall risk management oversight over business goals. existing product performance is reviewed periodically by committees and business leaders. mergers, acquisitions and divestitures can only be approved following deal committee due diligence, a comprehensive risk assessment by operational, market, credit and oversight leaders provided to the chief risk officer and approval by either the chief risk officer or appropriate risk committees. all new products and material changes in business processes are reviewed and approved by the new products committee and appropriate credit or risk committees.
foreign country risk management process foreign country risk is defined as the risk that economic, social, and/or political conditions and events in a foreign country will adversely impact us, primarily as a result of greater credit losses, increased operational risk or the inability to repatriate capital. we manage foreign country risk as part of the normal course of business. policies and procedures establish foreign country risk escalation thresholds to control and limit exposure, driven by processes that enable the monitoring of foreign country conditions in which we have exposure.
critical accounting estimates refer to note 1 to the "consolidated financial statements" for a summary of our significant accounting policies. certain of our accounting policies requiring significant management assumptions and judgments are as follows:
reserves for card member losses reserves for card member losses represent our best estimate of the probable losses inherent in our outstanding portfolio of card member loans and receivables, as of the balance sheet date.
in estimating these losses, we use statistical and analytical models that analyze portfolio performance and reflect our judgment regarding the quantitative components of the reserve. the models take into account several factors, including delinquency-based loss migration rates, loss emergence periods and average losses and recoveries over an appropriate historical period. we also consider whether to adjust the quantitative reserve for certain external and internal qualitative factors that may increase or decrease the reserves for losses on card member loans and receivables. refer to note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information.
the process of estimating these reserves requires a high degree of judgment. to the extent historical credit experience, updated for any external and internal qualitative factors such as environmental trends, is not indicative of future performance, actual losses could differ significantly from our judgments and expectations, resulting in either higher or lower future provisions for card member losses in any quarter.
as of december 31, 2019, a 10 percent increase in our estimate of losses inherent in the outstanding portfolio of card member loans and receivables, evaluated collectively for impairment, would increase reserves for losses with a corresponding change to provisions for losses by approximately $300 million. this sensitivity analysis is provided as a hypothetical scenario to assess the sensitivity of the provisions for losses. it does not represent our expectations for losses in the future, nor does it include how other portfolio factors such as delinquency-based loss migration rates or recoveries, or the amount of outstanding balances, may impact the level of reserves for losses and the corresponding impact on the provisions for losses.
refer to note 1 to the "consolidated financial statements" for information about the implementation and impact of new accounting guidance for the recognition of credit losses on financial instruments, effective january 1, 2020, and the new credit reserving methodology known as the cecl methodology.
liability for membership rewards the membership rewards program is our largest card-based rewards program. card members can earn points for purchases charged on their enrolled card products. a significant portion of our cards, by their terms, allow card members to earn bonus points for purchases at merchants in particular industry categories. membership rewards points are redeemable for a broad variety of rewards, including travel, shopping, gift cards, and covering eligible charges. points typically do not expire, and there is no limit on the number of points a card member may earn. membership rewards expense is driven by charge volume on enrolled cards, customer participation in the program and contractual arrangements with redemption partners.
we record a membership rewards liability that represents the estimated cost of points earned that are expected to be redeemed by card members in the future. the membership rewards liability is impacted over time by enrollment levels, attrition, the volume of points earned and redeemed, and the associated redemption costs. we estimate the membership rewards liability by determining the ultimate redemption rate (urr) and the weighted average cost (wac) per point, which are applied to the points of current enrollees. refer to note 9 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information.
the urr assumption is used to estimate the number of points earned by current enrollees that will ultimately be redeemed in future periods. we use statistical and actuarial models to estimate the urr of points earned to date by current card members based on redemption trends, card product type, enrollment tenure, card spend levels and credit attributes. the wac per point assumption is used to estimate future redemption costs and is primarily based on redemption choices made by card members, reward offerings by partners, and membership rewards program changes. the wac per point is derived from the previous 12 months of redemptions and is adjusted as appropriate for certain changes in redemption costs that are not representative of future cost expectations.
we periodically evaluate our liability estimation process and assumptions based on developments in redemption patterns, cost per point redeemed, partner contract changes and other factors.
the process of estimating the membership rewards liability includes a high degree of judgment. actual redemptions and associated redemption costs could differ significantly from our estimates, resulting in either higher or lower membership rewards expense.
changes in the membership rewards urr and wac per point have the effect of either increasing or decreasing the liability through the current period membership rewards expense by an amount estimated to cover the cost of all points previously earned but not yet redeemed by current enrollees as of the end of the reporting period. as of december 31, 2019, an increase in the estimated urr of current enrollees of 25 basis points would increase the membership rewards liability and corresponding rewards expense by approximately $123 million. similarly, an increase in the wac per point of 1 basis point would increase the membership rewards liability and corresponding rewards expense by approximately $114 million.
goodwill recoverability goodwill represents the excess of acquisition cost of an acquired business over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or when events or circumstances arise, such as adverse changes in the business climate, that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value. our methodology for conducting this goodwill impairment testing contains both a qualitative and quantitative assessment.
we have the option to initially perform an assessment of qualitative factors in order to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. the qualitative factors may include, but are not limited to, economic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance of the reporting unit and other company and reporting unit-specific events. if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we then perform the impairment evaluation using a more detailed quantitative assessment. we could also directly perform this quantitative assessment for any reporting unit, bypassing the qualitative assessment.
our methodology for conducting the quantitative goodwill impairment testing is fundamentally based on the measurement of fair value for our reporting units, which inherently entails the use of significant management judgment. for valuation, we use a combination of the income approach (discounted cash flows) and market approach (market multiples) in estimating the fair value of our reporting units.
when preparing discounted cash flow models under the income approach, we estimate future cash flows using the reporting unit's internal multi-year forecast, and a terminal value calculated using a growth rate that we believe is appropriate in light of current and expected future economic conditions. to discount these cash flows we use our expected cost of equity, determined using a capital asset pricing model. when using the market method under the market approach, we apply comparable publicly traded companies' multiples (e.g., earnings, revenues) to our reporting units' actual results. the judgment in estimating forecasted cash flows, discount rates and market comparables is significant, and imprecision could materially affect the fair value of our reporting units.
we could be exposed to an increased risk of further goodwill impairment if future operating results or macroeconomic conditions differ significantly from management's current assumptions.
income taxes we are subject to the income tax laws of the united states, its states and municipalities and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws are complex, and the manner in which they apply to the taxpayer's facts is sometimes open to interpretation. in establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments about the application of inherently complex tax laws.
in particular, the tax act is complex and requires interpretation of certain provisions to estimate the impact on our income tax expense. the estimates are based on our current interpretations of the tax act, and may change due to additional guidance or context from the internal revenue service, the u.s. treasury department or others.
unrecognized tax benefits we establish a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, which are the differences between a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefit recognized in the financial statements.
in establishing a liability for an unrecognized tax benefit, assumptions may be made in determining whether, and the extent to which, a tax position should be sustained. a tax position is recognized only when it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority, based on its technical merits. the amount of tax benefit recognized is the largest benefit that we believe is more likely than not to be realized on ultimate settlement. as new information becomes available, we evaluate our tax positions and adjust our unrecognized tax benefits, as appropriate.
tax benefits ultimately realized can differ from amounts previously recognized due to uncertainties, with any such differences generally impacting the provision for income tax.
deferred tax asset realization deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse.
since deferred taxes measure the future tax effects of items recognized in the consolidated financial statements, certain estimates and assumptions are required to determine whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the benefit of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. in making this assessment, we analyze and estimate the impact of future taxable income, reversing temporary differences and available tax planning strategies. these assessments are performed quarterly, taking into account any new information.
changes in facts or circumstances can lead to changes in the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets due to uncertainties.
other matters recently issued accounting standards refer to the recently issued accounting standards section of note 1 to the "consolidated financial statements."
glossary of selected terminology adjusted net interest income - a non-gaap measure that represents net interest income attributable to our card member loans (which includes, on a gaap basis, interest that is deemed uncollectible), excluding the impact of interest expense and interest income not attributable to our card member loans.
asset securitizations - asset securitization involves the transfer and sale of loans or receivables to a special-purpose entity created for the securitization activity, typically a trust. the trust, in turn, issues securities, commonly referred to as asset-backed securities that are secured by the transferred loans and receivables. the trust uses the proceeds from the sale of such securities to pay the purchase price for the transferred loans or receivables. the securitized loans and receivables of our lending trust and charge trust (collectively, the trusts) are reported as assets and the securities issued by the trusts are reported as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
average discount rate - this calculation is generally designed to reflect the average pricing at all merchants accepting american express cards and represents the percentage of proprietary and gns billed business retained by us from merchants we acquire, or from merchants acquired by third parties on our behalf, net of amounts retained by such third parties. the average discount rate, together with billed business, drive our discount revenue.
billed business - represents transaction volumes (including cash advances) on cards and other payment products issued by american express (proprietary billed business) and cards issued under network partnership agreements with banks and other institutions, including joint ventures (gns billed business). in-store spending activity within gns retail cobrand portfolios, from which we earn no revenue, is not included in billed business. billed business is reported as inside the united states or outside the united states based on the location of the issuer. billed business, together with the average discount rate, drive our discount revenue.
capital ratios - represents the minimum standards established by regulatory agencies as a measure to determine whether the regulated entity has sufficient capital to absorb on- and off-balance sheet losses beyond current loss accrual estimates. refer to the capital strategy section under "consolidated capital resources and liquidity" for further related definitions under basel iii.
cards-in-force - represents the number of cards that are issued and outstanding by american express (proprietary cards-in-force) and cards issued and outstanding under network partnership agreements with banks and other institutions, including joint ventures (gns cards-in-force), except for gns retail cobrand cards that had no out-of-store spending activity during the prior twelve months. basic cards-in-force excludes supplemental cards issued on consumer accounts. cards-in-force is useful in understanding the size of our card member base.
card member - the individual holder of an issued american express-branded card.
charge cards - represents cards that generally carry no pre-set spending limits and are primarily designed as a method of payment and not as a means of financing purchases. charge card members generally must pay the full amount billed each month. no finance charges are assessed on charge cards. each charge card transaction is authorized based on its likely economics reflecting a card member's most recent credit information and spend patterns. some charge cards have additional pay over time feature(s) that allow revolving of certain charges.
cobrand cards - cards issued under cobrand agreements with selected commercial partners. pursuant to the cobrand agreements, we make payments to our cobrand partners, which can be significant, based primarily on the amount of card member spending and corresponding rewards earned on such spending and, under certain arrangements, on the number of accounts acquired and retained. the partner is then liable for providing rewards to the card member under the cobrand partner's own loyalty program.
credit cards - represents cards that have a range of revolving payment terms, grace periods, and rate and fee structures.
interest expense - includes interest incurred primarily to fund card member loans and receivables, general corporate purposes and liquidity needs. interest expense is divided principally into two categories: (i) deposits, which primarily relates to interest expense on deposits taken from customers and institutions, and (ii) debt, which primarily relates to interest expense on our long-term financing and short-term borrowings, (e.g., commercial paper, federal funds purchased, bank overdrafts and other short-term borrowings), as well as the realized impact of derivatives hedging interest rate risk on our long-term debt.
interest on loans - assessed using the average daily balance method for card member loans. unless the loan is classified as non-accrual, interest is recognized based upon the principal amount outstanding in accordance with the terms of the applicable account agreement until the outstanding balance is paid or written off.
interest and dividends on investment securities - primarily relates to our performing fixed-income securities. interest income is recognized using the effective interest method, which adjusts the yield for security premiums and discounts, fees and other payments, so a constant rate of return is recognized on the outstanding balance of the related investment security throughout its term. amounts are recognized until securities are in default or when it is likely that future interest payments will not be made as scheduled.
interest income on deposits with banks and other - primarily relates to the placement of cash in excess of near-term funding requirements in interest-bearing time deposits, overnight sweep accounts, and other interest-bearing demand and call accounts.
loyalty coalitions - programs that enable consumers to earn rewards points and use them to save on purchases from a variety of participating merchants through multi-category rewards platforms. merchants in these programs generally fund the consumer offers and are responsible to us for the cost of rewards points; we earn revenue from operating the loyalty platform and by providing marketing support.
net card fees - represents the card membership fees earned during the period recognized as revenue over the covered card membership period (typically one year), net of the provision for projected refunds for card membership cancellation and deferred acquisition costs.
net interest yield on average card member loans - a non-gaap measure that is computed by dividing adjusted net interest income by average card member loans, computed on an annualized basis. reserves and net write-offs related to uncollectible interest are recorded through provision for losses, and are thus not included in the net interest yield calculation.
net loss ratio - represents the ratio of gcp charge card write-offs, consisting of principal (resulting from authorized transactions) and fee components, less recoveries, on card member receivables expressed as a percentage of gross amounts billed to corporate card members.
net write-off rate - principal only - represents the amount of proprietary consumer or small business card member loans or receivables written off, consisting of principal (resulting from authorized transactions), less recoveries, as a percentage of the average loan or receivable balance during the period.
net write-off rate - principal, interest and fees - includes, in the calculation of the net write-off rate, amounts for interest and fees in addition to principal for card member loans, and fees in addition to principal for card member receivables.
operating expenses - represents salaries and employee benefits, professional services, occupancy and equipment, and other expenses.
cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. the forward-looking statements, which address our current expectations regarding business and financial performance, among other matters, contain words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "aim," "will," "may," "should," "could," "would," "likely," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue" and similar expressions. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the following:
•our ability to grow earnings per share in the future, which will depend in part on revenue growth, credit performance and the effective tax rate remaining consistent with current expectations, the company's ability to control operating expense growth and generate operating leverage, and the company's ability to continue executing its share repurchase program, any of which could be impacted by, among other things, the factors identified in the subsequent paragraphs as well as the following: issues impacting brand perceptions and our reputation; the impact of any future contingencies, including, but not limited to, restructurings, impairments, changes in reserves, legal costs, the imposition of fines or civil money penalties and increases in card member reimbursements; the amount and efficacy of investments in share, scale and relevance; changes in interest rates beyond current expectations; a greater impact from new or renegotiated cobrand and other partner agreements than expected, which could be affected by spending volumes and customer acquisition; and the impact of regulation and litigation, which could affect the profitability of our business activities, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, require changes to business practices or alter our relationships with card members, partners, merchants, vendors and other third parties;
•our ability to grow revenues net of interest expense and the composition and relative growth of fee, spend and lend revenues remaining consistent with expectations, which could be impacted by, among other things, weakening economic conditions in the united states or internationally; a decline in consumer confidence impacting the willingness and ability of card members to sustain and grow spending, pay higher card fees and revolve balances; concerns related to the recent coronavirus outbreak and travel restrictions and bans; a slowdown in corporate spending; growth in card member loans and the yield on card member loans not remaining consistent with current expectations; the average discount rate changing by a greater amount than expected; the strengthening of the u.s. dollar beyond expectations; card members continuing to be attracted to our premium card products; and our inability to address competitive pressures and implement our strategies and business initiatives, including within the premium consumer segment, commercial payments, the global network and digital environment;
•changes in the substantial and increasing worldwide competition in the payments industry, including competitive pressure that may materially impact the prices we charge merchants that accept american express cards, competition for new and existing cobrand relationships, competition from new and non-traditional competitors and the success of marketing, promotion and rewards programs;
•net interest income not growing consistent with current expectations, which will be influenced by, among other things, changes in benchmark interest rates and our cost of funds, changes in consumer behavior that affect loan balances (such as paydown rates) and our ability to continue to grow loans, our card member acquisition strategy, pricing changes, product mix and credit actions, including line size and other adjustments to credit availability;
•write-off rates being higher or lower than current expectations, which will depend in part on changes in the level of loan and receivable balances and delinquencies, macroeconomic factors such as unemployment rates and the volume of bankruptcies, the mix of balances and the credit performance of newer vintages and non-card lending products;
•our ability to continue to grow loans, which may be affected by increasing competition, brand perceptions and our reputation, our ability to manage risk, the behavior of card members and their actual spending and borrowing patterns, and our ability to issue new and enhanced card products, offer attractive non-card lending products, capture a greater share of existing card members' spending and borrowings, reduce card member attrition and attract new customers;
•the growth of provisions for losses being higher or lower than current expectations, which will depend in part on changes in the level of loan and receivable balances and delinquency and write-off rates; the impact of new accounting guidance and the cecl methodology; collections capabilities and recoveries of previously written-off loans and receivables; and macroeconomic factors like unemployment rates and the volume of bankruptcies;
•the actual amount to be spent on customer engagement, which will be based in part on management's assessment of competitive opportunities; overall business performance and changes in macroeconomic conditions; the growth in the cost of card member services, which could be impacted by, among other things, the factors identified in the subsequent paragraph; card member behavior as it relates to their spending patterns (including the level of spend in bonus categories) and the redemption of rewards and offers; the costs related to reward point redemptions, advertising and card member acquisition; our ability to continue to shift card member acquisition to digital channels; and new and renegotiated contractual obligations with business partners;
•the cost of card member services not growing consistently with current expectations, which could be impacted by the degree of interest of card members in the value propositions we offer; increasing competition, which could result in pressure to further enhance card products and services to make them attractive to card members, potentially in a manner that is not cost effective; and the pace and cost of the expansion of our global lounge collection;
•our ability to control operating expense growth and grow operating expenses more slowly than revenues, which could be impacted by increases in costs, such as cyber, fraud or compliance expenses or consulting, legal and other professional fees, including as a result of increased litigation or internal and regulatory reviews; higher than expected employee levels; an inability to innovate efficient channels of customer interactions, such as chat supported by artificial intelligence, or customer acquisition; the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on costs; the payment of civil money penalties, disgorgement, restitution, non-income tax assessments and litigation-related settlements; impairments of goodwill or other assets; management's decision to increase or decrease spending in such areas as technology, business and product development, sales force, premium servicing and digital capabilities; and the level of m&a activity and related expenses;
•our ability to satisfy our commitments to certain of our cobrand partners as part of the ongoing operations of the business, which will be impacted in part by competition, brand perceptions and our reputation, and our ability to develop and market value propositions that appeal to current cobrand card members and new customers and offer attractive services and rewards programs, which will depend in part on ongoing investments, new product innovation and development, card member acquisition efforts and enrollment processes, including through digital channels, and infrastructure to support new products, services and benefits;
•changes affecting our plans regarding the return of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, which will depend on factors such as our capital levels and regulatory capital ratios and the actual impact of cecl on those ratios; changes in the stress testing and capital planning process and approval of our capital plans; the amount of capital required to support asset growth; the amount we spend on acquisitions of companies; and our results of operations and financial condition; and the economic environment and market conditions in any given period;
•our tax rate not remaining consistent with current expectations, which could be impacted by, among other things, our geographic mix of income, further changes in tax laws and regulation, unfavorable tax audits and other unanticipated tax items;
•a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems, processes or infrastructure, or those of third parties, including as a result of cyberattacks, which could compromise the confidentiality, integrity, privacy and/or security of data, disrupt our operations, reduce the use and acceptance of american express cards and lead to regulatory scrutiny, litigation, remediation and response costs, and reputational harm;
•our deposit rates increasing faster or slower than current expectations and changes affecting our ability to grow personal savings deposits due to market demand, changes in benchmark interest rates, competition or regulatory restrictions on our ability to obtain deposit funding or offer competitive interest rates, which could affect our net interest yield and ability to fund our businesses;
•our funding plan being implemented in a manner inconsistent with current expectations, which will depend on various factors such as future business growth, the impact of global economic, political and other events on market capacity, demand for securities we offer, regulatory changes, ability to securitize and sell receivables and the performance of receivables previously sold in securitization transactions;
•changes in global economic and business conditions, consumer and business spending generally, the availability and cost of capital, unemployment rates, geopolitical conditions, travel restrictions and bans, including as a result of the recent coronavirus outbreak, brexit, prolonged or recurring government shutdowns, trade policies, foreign currency rates and interest rates, all of which may significantly affect demand for and spending on american express cards, delinquency rates, loan and receivable balances and other aspects of our business and results of operations;
•changes in capital and credit market conditions, which may significantly affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs, expectations regarding capital and liquidity ratios, access to capital and cost of capital, including changes in interest rates; changes in market conditions affecting the valuation of our assets; or any reduction in our credit ratings or those of our subsidiaries, which could materially increase the cost and other terms of our funding or restrict our access to the capital markets;
•legal and regulatory developments, which could require us to make fundamental changes to many of our business practices, including our ability to continue certain cobrand and agent relationships in the eu; exert further pressure on the average discount rate and gns volumes; result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, litigation-related settlements, judgments or expenses, restitution to card members or the imposition of fines or civil money penalties; materially affect our capital or liquidity requirements, results of operations or ability to pay dividends or repurchase stock; or result in harm to the american express brand;
•changes in the financial condition and creditworthiness of our business partners, such as bankruptcies, restructurings or consolidations, including merchants that represent a significant portion of our business, such as the airline industry, or our partners in gns or financial institutions that we rely on for routine funding and liquidity, which could materially affect our financial condition or results of operations; and
•factors beyond our control such as fire, power loss, disruptions in telecommunications, severe weather conditions, natural and man-made disasters, health pandemics or terrorism, any of which could significantly affect demand for and spending on american express cards, delinquency rates, loan and receivable balances and other aspects of our business and results of operations or disrupt our global network systems and ability to process transactions.
a further description of these uncertainties and other risks can be found in "risk factors" above and our other reports filed with the sec.