company overview description of the company and business segments becton, dickinson and company ("bd") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. the company's organizational structure is based upon three principal business segments, bd medical ("medical"), bd life sciences ("life sciences") and bd interventional ("interventional").
we continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product market programs to drive further revenue and profit growth. our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. while the economic environment for the healthcare industry and healthcare utilization in the united states is generally stable, destabilization in the future could adversely impact our businesses. additionally, macroeconomic challenges in europe continue to constrain healthcare utilization, although we currently view the environment as stable. in emerging markets, the company's growth is dependent primarily on government funding for healthcare systems. in addition, pricing pressure exists globally which could adversely impact our businesses.
results of operations medical segment the following summarizes medical revenues by organizational unit:
life sciences segment the following summarizes life sciences revenues by organizational unit:
the life sciences segment's 2018 revenues was driven by growth across all three of its organizational units. the diagnostic systems unit's revenues were primarily driven by sales of core microbiology products as well as continued strength in sales of the unit's bd maxtm molecular platform. revenue growth in the diagnostic systems unit also reflected a more severe influenza season in 2018 compared with 2017. the life sciences segment's 2018 revenue growth was also driven by the biosciences unit's sales of research reagents and recently launched instruments. growth in the preanalytical systems unit reflected global sales of core products.
interventional segment the following summarizes interventional revenues by organizational unit:
international revenue growth in 2018 benefited from the inclusion of revenues associated with bard products in our financial results. international revenue growth in 2018 also reflected increased sales in the medical segment's medication delivery solutions, medication management solutions and pharmaceutical systems units, as well as growth attributable to sales in all three of the life sciences segment's organizational units.
our agreements with customers within certain organizational units including medication management solutions, diagnostic systems and biosciences, contain multiple performance obligations including both products and certain services noted above. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require judgment. the transaction price for these agreements is allocated to each performance obligation based upon its relative standalone selling price. standalone selling price is the amount at which we would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. we generally estimate standalone selling prices using its list prices and a consideration of typical discounts offered to customers. the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.