item 1a. risk factors factors that may affect future results we face various important risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and, as a result, cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock.
our results of operations could be adversely affected by economic and political conditions globally and in particular in the markets in which our clients and operations are concentrated.
global macroeconomic conditions have a significant effect on our business as well as the businesses of our clients. volatile, negative or uncertain economic conditions could cause our clients to reduce, postpone or cancel spending on projects with us and could make it more difficult for us to accurately forecast client demand and have available the right resources to profitably address such client demand. the short-term nature of contracts in our industry means that actions by clients may occur quickly and with little warning, which may cause us to incur extra costs where we have employed more professionals than client demand supports.
our business is particularly susceptible to economic and political conditions in the markets where our clients or operations are concentrated. our revenues are highly dependent on clients located in the united states and europe, and any adverse economic, political or legal uncertainties or adverse developments, including due to the uncertainty related to the potential economic and regulatory impacts of the united kingdom's exit from the european union, may cause clients in these geographies to reduce their spending and materially adversely impact our business. many of our clients are in the financial services and healthcare industries, so any decrease in growth or significant consolidation in these industries or regulatory policies that restrict these industries may reduce demand for our services. economic and political developments in india, where a significant majority of our operations and technical professionals are located, or in other countries where we maintain delivery operations, may also have a significant impact on our business and costs of operations. as a developing country, india has experienced and may continue to experience high inflation and wage growth, fluctuations in gross domestic product growth and volatility in currency exchange rates, any of which could materially adversely affect our cost of operations. additionally, we benefit from governmental policies in india that encourage foreign investment and promote the ease of doing business, such as tax incentives, and any change in policy or circumstances that results in the elimination of such benefits or degradation of the rule of law, or imposition of new adverse restrictions or costs on our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to attract, train and retain skilled professionals, including highly skilled technical personnel to satisfy client demand and senior management to lead our business globally, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
our success is dependent, in large part, on our ability to keep our supply of skilled professionals, including project managers, it engineers and senior technical personnel, in balance with client demand around the world and on our ability to attract and retain senior management with the knowledge and skills to lead our business globally. each year, we must hire tens of thousands of new professionals and reskill, retain, and motivate our workforce of hundreds of thousands of professionals with diverse skills and expertise in order to serve client demands across the globe, respond quickly to rapid and ongoing technological, industry and macroeconomic developments and grow and manage our business. we also must continue to maintain an effective senior leadership team that, among other things, is effective in executing on our strategic goals and growing our digital business. the loss of senior executives, or the failure to attract, integrate and retain new senior executives as the needs of our business require, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
competition for skilled labor is intense and, in some jurisdictions in which we operate, there are more jobs for it professionals than qualified persons to fill these jobs. our business has experienced significant employee attrition, which may cause us to incur increased costs to hire new professionals with the desired skills. costs associated with recruiting and training professionals are significant. if we are unable to hire or deploy professionals with the needed skillsets or if we are unable to adequately equip our professionals with the skills needed, this could materially adversely affect our business. additionally, if we are unable to maintain an employee environment that is competitive and contemporary, it could have an adverse effect on engagement and retention, which may materially adversely affect our business.
we face challenges related to growing our business organically as well as inorganically through acquisitions, and we may not be able to achieve our targeted growth rates.
achievement of our targeted growth rates requires continued significant organic growth of our business as well as inorganic growth through acquisitions. to achieve such growth, we must, among other things, continue to significantly expand our global operations, increase our product and service offerings, in particular with respect to digital, and scale our infrastructure to support such business growth. continued business growth increases the complexity of our business and places significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, which we will have to continue to develop and improve to sustain such growth. we must continually recruit and train new personnel and retain and reskill, as necessary, existing sales, technical, finance, marketing and management personnel with the knowledge, skills and experience that our business model requires and effectively manage our personnel worldwide to support our culture, values, strategies and goals. additionally, we expect to continue pursuing strategic and targeted acquisitions, investments and joint ventures to enhance our offerings of services and solutions or to enable us to expand in certain geographic and other markets. we may not be successful in identifying suitable opportunities, completing targeted transactions or achieving the desired results, and such opportunities may divert our management's time and focus away from our core business. we may face challenges in effectively integrating acquired businesses into our ongoing operations and in assimilating and retaining employees of those businesses into our culture and organizational structure. if we are unable to manage our growth effectively, complete acquisitions of the number, magnitude and nature we have targeted, or successfully integrate any acquired businesses into our operations, we may not be able to achieve our targeted growth rates or improve our market share, profitability or competitive position generally or in specific markets or services.
we may not be able to achieve our profitability and capital return goals.
our goals for profitability and capital return rely upon a number of assumptions, including our ability to improve the efficiency of our operations and make successful investments to grow and further develop our business. our profitability depends on the efficiency with which we run our operations and the cost of our operations, especially the compensation and benefits costs of the professionals we employ. we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, substantial costs related to implementing our strategy to optimize such costs, and we may not realize the ultimate cost savings that we expect. we may not be able to efficiently utilize our professionals if increased regulation, policy changes or administrative burdens of immigration, work visas or outsourcing prevents us from deploying our professionals globally on a timely basis, or at all, to fulfill the needs of our clients. increases in wages and other costs may put pressure on our profitability. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can also have adverse effects on our revenues, income from operations and net income when items originally denominated in other currencies are translated or remeasured into u.s. dollars for presentation of our consolidated financial statements. we have entered into foreign exchange forward contracts intended to partially offset the impact of the movement of the exchange rates on future operating costs and to mitigate foreign currency risk on foreign currency denominated net monetary assets. however, the hedging strategies that we have implemented, or may in the future implement, to mitigate foreign currency exchange rate risks may not reduce or completely offset our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and may expose our business to unexpected market, operational and counterparty credit risks. we are particularly susceptible to wage and cost pressures in india and the exchange rate of the indian rupee relative to the currencies of our client contracts due to the fact that the substantial majority of our employees are in india while our contracts with clients are typically in the local currency of the country where our clients are located. if we are unable to improve the efficiency of our operations, our operating margin may decline and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. failure to achieve our profitability goals could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
with respect to capital return, our ability and decisions to pay dividends and repurchase shares consistent with our announced goals or at all depend on a variety of factors, including our cash flow generated from operations, the amount and geographic location of our cash and investment balances, our net income, our overall liquidity position, potential alternative uses of cash, such as acquisitions, and anticipated future economic conditions and financial results. failure to achieve our capital return goals may adversely impact our reputation with shareholders and shareholders' perception of our business and the value of our common stock.
our failure to meet specified service levels or milestones required by certain of our client contracts may result in our client contracts being less profitable, potential liability for penalties or damages or reputational harm.
many of our client contracts include clauses that tie our compensation to the achievement of agreed-upon performance standards or milestones. failure to satisfy these measures could significantly reduce or eliminate our fees under the contracts, increase the cost to us of meeting performance standards or milestones, delay expected payments, subject us to potential damage claims under the contract terms or harm our reputation. the use of new technologies in our offerings can expose us to additional risks if those technologies fail to work as predicted, or there are unintended consequences of new designs or uses, which could lead to cost overruns, project delays, financial penalties, or damage to our reputation. clients also often have the right to terminate a contract and pursue damage claims for serious or repeated failure to meet these service commitments. some of our contracts provide that a portion of our compensation depends on performance measures such as cost-savings, revenue enhancement, benefits produced, business goals attained and adherence to schedule. these goals can be complex and may depend on our clients' actual levels of business activity or may be based on assumptions that are later determined not to be achievable or accurate. as such, these provisions may increase the variability in revenues and margins earned on those contracts.
we face intense and evolving competition and significant technological advances that our service offerings must keep pace with in the rapidly changing markets we compete in.
the markets we serve and operate in are highly competitive, subject to rapid change and characterized by a large number of participants, as described in "part i, item 1. business-competition." in addition to large, global competitors, we face competition from numerous smaller, local competitors in many geographic markets that may have more experience with operations in these markets, have well-established relationships with our desired clients, or be able to provide services and solutions at lower costs or on terms more attractive to clients than we can. consolidation activity may also result in new competitors with greater scale, a broader footprint or vertical integration that makes them more attractive to clients as a single provider of integrated products and services. in addition, the short-term nature of contracts in our industry and the long-term concurrent use by many clients of multiple professional service providers means that we are required to be continually competitive on the quality, scope and pricing of our offerings or face a reduction or elimination of our business.
our success depends on our ability to continue to develop and implement services and solutions that anticipate and respond to rapid and continuing changes in technology to serve the evolving needs of our clients. examples of areas of significant change include digital-, cloud- and security-related offerings, which are continually evolving, as well as developments in areas such as ai, augmented reality, automation, blockchain, iot, quantum computing and as-a-service solutions. if we do not sufficiently invest in new technologies, successfully adapt to industry developments and changing demand, and evolve and expand our business at sufficient speed and scale to keep pace with the demands of the markets we serve, we may be unable to develop and maintain a competitive advantage and execute on our growth strategy, which would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our relationships with our third party alliance partners, who supply us with necessary components to the services and solutions we offer our clients, are also critical to our ability to provide many of our services and solutions that address client demands. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such relationships. among other things, such alliance partners may in the future decide to compete with us, form exclusive or more favorable arrangements with our competitors or otherwise reduce our access to their products impairing our ability to provide the services and solutions demanded by clients.
we face legal, reputational and financial risks if we fail to protect client and/or cognizant data from security breaches or cyberattacks.
in order to provide our services and solutions, we depend on global information technology networks and systems, including those of third parties, to process, transmit, host and securely store electronic information (including our confidential information and the confidential information of our clients) and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our clients, suppliers and partners. security breaches, employee malfeasance, or human or technological error could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of our operations and potential unauthorized disclosure of our or our clients' sensitive data, which in turn could jeopardize projects that are critical to our operations or the operations of our clients' businesses. like other global companies, we and the businesses we interact with have experienced threats to data and systems, including by perpetrators of random or targeted malicious cyberattacks, computer viruses, malware, worms, bot attacks or other destructive or disruptive software and attempts to misappropriate client information and cause system failures and disruptions.
a security compromise of our information systems or of those of businesses with whom we interact that results in confidential information being accessed by unauthorized or improper persons could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions, client attrition, remediation expenses, disruption of our business, and claims brought by our clients or others for breaching contractual confidentiality and security provisions or data protection laws. monetary damages imposed on us could be significant and not covered by our liability insurance. techniques used by bad actors to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems evolve frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. in addition, a security breach could require that we expend substantial additional resources related to the security of our information systems, diverting resources from other projects and disrupting our businesses. if we experience a data security breach, our reputation could be damaged and we could be subject to additional litigation, regulatory risks and business losses.
we are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data security and privacy regulations in the united states, the united kingdom, the european union and in other jurisdictions in which we operate that regulate the collection, use and transfer of personal data, including the transfer of personal data between or among countries. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation has imposed stringent compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data and has resulted in the issuance of significant financial penalties for noncompliance. in the united states, there have been proposals for federal privacy legislation and many new state privacy laws are on the horizon. recently enacted legislation, such as the california consumer privacy act, impose extensive privacy requirements on organizations governing personal information. existing us sectoral laws such as the health insurance portability and accountability act also impose extensive privacy and security requirements on organizations operating in the healthcare industry, which cognizant serves. additionally, in india, the personal data protection bill, 2018 was recently cleared for introduction in the current session of the indian parliament. if enacted in its current form it would impose stringent obligations on the handling of personal data, including certain localization requirements for sensitive data. other countries have enacted or are considering enacting data localization laws that require certain data to stay within their borders. we may also face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies or our clients pursuant to our contractual obligations relating to our compliance with these regulations. complying with changing regulatory requirements requires us to incur substantial costs, exposes us to potential regulatory action or litigation, and may require changes to our business practices in certain jurisdictions, any of which could materially adversely affect our business operations and operating results.
if our business continuity and disaster recovery plans are not effective and our global delivery capability is impacted, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and we may suffer harm to our reputation.
our business model is dependent on our global delivery capability, which includes coordination between our main operating offices in india, our other global and regional delivery centers, the offices of our clients and our associates worldwide. system failures, outages and operational disruptions may be caused by factors outside of our control such as hostilities, political unrest, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, pandemics and public health emergencies, such as the coronavirus, affecting the geographies where our operations and transmission equipment is located. our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disruptions, particularly in the case of a catastrophic event. any such disruption may result in lost revenues, a loss of clients and reputational damage, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
a substantial portion of our employees in the united states, united kingdom, european union and other jurisdictions rely on visas to work in those areas such that any restrictions on such visas or immigration more generally or increased costs of obtaining such visas may affect our ability to compete for and provide services to clients in these jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
a substantial portion of our employees in the united states and in many other jurisdictions, including countries in europe, rely upon temporary work authorization or work permits, which makes our business particularly vulnerable to changes and variations in immigration laws and regulations, including written changes and policy changes to the manner in which the laws and regulations are interpreted or enforced, and potential enforcement actions and penalties that might cause us to lose access to such visas. the political environment in the united states, the united kingdom and other countries in recent years has included significant support for anti-immigrant legislation and administrative changes. many of these recent changes have resulted in, and various proposed changes may result in, increased difficulty in obtaining timely visas that impact our ability to staff projects, including as a result of visa application rejects and delays in processing applications, and significantly increased costs for us in obtaining visas. for example, in the united states, the current administration has implemented policy changes to increase scrutiny of the issuance of new and the renewal of existing h-1b visa applications and the placement of h-1b visa workers on third party worksites, and has issued executive orders designed to limit immigration. in addition, the administration has proposed for implementation in 2020 a policy change applicable to entities where more than 50% of the workers in the united states hold certain types of visas that, if implemented, would significantly increase the visa costs for such entities. in the eu, many countries continue to implement new regulations to move into compliance with the eu directive of 2014 to harmonize immigration rules for intracompany transferees in most eu member states and to facilitate the transfer of managers, specialists and graduate trainees both into and within the region. the changes have had significant impacts on mobility programs and have led to new notification and documentation requirements for companies sending professionals to eu countries. recent changes or any additional adverse revisions to immigration laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate may cause us delays, staffing shortages, additional costs or an inability to bid for or fulfill projects for clients, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
anti-outsourcing legislation, if adopted, and negative perceptions associated with offshore outsourcing could impair our ability to serve our clients and materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the practice of outsourcing services to organizations operating in other countries is a topic of political discussion in the united states, which is our largest market, as well as other regions in which we have clients. for example, measures aimed at limiting or restricting outsourcing by u.s. companies have been put forward for consideration by the u.s. congress and in state legislatures to address concerns over the perceived association between offshore outsourcing and the loss of jobs domestically. if any such measure is enacted, our ability to provide services to our clients could be impaired.
in addition, from time to time there has been publicity about purported negative experiences associated with offshore outsourcing, such as alleged domestic job loss and theft and misappropriation of sensitive client data, particularly involving service providers in india. current or prospective clients may elect to perform certain services themselves or may be discouraged from utilizing global service delivery providers like us due to negative perceptions that may be associated with using global service delivery models or firms. any slowdown or reversal of existing industry trends toward global service delivery would seriously harm our ability to compete effectively with competitors that provide the majority of their services from within the country in which our clients operate.
we are subject to numerous and evolving legal and regulatory requirements and client expectations in the many jurisdictions in which we operate, and violations of, unfavorable changes in or an inability to meet such requirements or expectations could harm our business.
we provide services to clients and have operations in many parts of the world and in a wide variety of different industries, subjecting us to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, laws and regulations on matters as diverse as import and export controls, temporary work authorizations or work permits, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, anti-corruption laws (including the fcpa and the u.k. bribery act), government affairs, internal and disclosure control obligations, data privacy, intellectual property and labor relations. we are subject to a wide range of potential enforcement actions, audits or investigations regarding our compliance with these laws or regulations in the conduct of our business, and any finding of a violation could subject us to a wide range of civil or criminal penalties, including fines, debarment, or suspension or disqualification from government contracting, prohibitions or restrictions on doing business, loss of clients and business, legal claims by clients and damage to our reputation.
we face significant regulatory compliance costs and risks as a result of the size and breadth of our business. for example, we commit significant financial and managerial resources to comply with our internal control over financial reporting requirements, but we have in the past and may in the future identify material weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that causes us to incur incremental remediation costs in order to maintain adequate controls. as another example, we had to spend significant resources on conducting an internal investigation and cooperating with investigations by the u.s. doj and the sec, each of which is now concluded, focused on whether certain payments relating to company-owned facilities in india were made in violation of the fcpa and other applicable laws.
various governmental bodies and many customers and businesses are increasingly focused on environmental and social issues, which has resulted and may in the future continue to result in the adoption of new laws and regulations and changing buying practices.  if we fail to keep pace with these developments, our reputation and business could be adversely impacted.
changes in tax laws or in their interpretation or enforcement, failure by us to adapt our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements to achieve global tax efficiencies or adverse outcomes of tax audits, investigations or proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations and financial condition.
the interpretation of tax laws and regulations in the many jurisdictions in which we operate and the related tax accounting principles are complex and require considerable judgment to determine our income taxes and other tax liabilities worldwide. tax laws and regulations affecting us and our clients, including applicable tax rates, and the interpretation and enforcement of such laws and regulations are subject to change as a result of economic, political and other factors, and any such changes or changes in tax accounting principles could increase our effective worldwide income tax rate and have a material adverse effect on our net earnings and financial condition. we routinely review and update our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements, including transfer pricing policies, consistent with applicable laws and regulations, to align with our evolving business operations and provide global tax efficiencies across the numerous jurisdictions, such as the united states, india and the united kingdom, in which we operate.  failure to successfully adapt our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements to align with our evolving business operations and achieve global tax efficiencies may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and have a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial condition.
the following are several examples of changes in tax laws that may impact us:
•the tax reform act was enacted in december 2017 and made a number of significant changes to the corporate tax regime in the united states. the u.s. treasury department continues to issue proposed and final regulations which modify relevant aspects of the new tax regime.
•in december 2019, the government of india enacted the india tax law effective retroactively to april 1, 2019 that enables indian companies to elect to be taxed at a lower income tax rate of 25.17% as compared to the current rate of 34.94%. once a company elects into the lower income tax rate, a company may not benefit from any tax holidays associated with sezs and certain other tax incentives, including mat carryforwards, and may not reverse its election. as of december 31, 2019, we had deferred income tax assets related to the mat carryforwards of approximately $176 million. see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. our current intent is to elect into the new tax regime once our mat carryforwards are fully or substantially utilized. our intent is based on a number of current assumptions and financial projections, and if our intent were to change and we were to opt into the new tax regime at an earlier time, the write-off of any remaining mat deferred tax assets may materially increase our provision for income taxes and effective income tax rate and decrease our earnings per share, while the loss of the benefit of the mat carryforwards may increase our cash tax payments.
•the oecd has been working on a base erosion and profit shifting project and is expected to continue to issue guidelines and proposals that may change numerous long-standing tax principles. the changes recommended by the oecd have been or are being adopted by many of the countries in which we do business and could lead to disagreements among jurisdictions over the proper allocation of profits among them. the oecd has also undertaken a new project focused on "addressing the tax challenges of the digitalization of the economy." this project may impact multinational businesses by implementing a global model for minimum taxation. similarly, the european commission and various jurisdictions have introduced proposals to or passed laws that impose a separate tax on specified digital services. these recent and potential future tax law changes create uncertainty and may materially adversely impact our provision for income taxes.
our worldwide effective income tax rate may increase as a result of these recent developments, changes in interpretations and assumptions made, additional guidance that may be issued and ongoing and future actions the company has or may take with respect to our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements.
additionally, we are subject from time to time to tax audits, investigations and proceedings. tax authorities have disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with our judgments, and are taking increasingly aggressive positions, including with respect to our intercompany transactions. for example, we are currently involved in an ongoing dispute with the itd in which the itd asserts that we owe additional taxes for two transactions by which cts india repurchased shares from its shareholders, as more fully described in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. adverse outcomes in any such audits, investigations or proceedings could increase our tax exposure and cause us to incur increased expense, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our business subjects us to considerable potential exposure to litigation and legal claims and could be materially adversely affected if we incur legal liability.
we are subject to, and may become a party to, a variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the conduct of our business. our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving current and former employees, clients, alliance partners, subcontractors, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable.
our client engagements expose us to significant potential legal liability and litigation expense if we fail to meet our contractual obligations or otherwise breach obligations to third parties or if our subcontractors breach or dispute the terms of our agreements with them and impede our ability to meet our obligations to our clients. for example, third parties could claim that we or our clients, whom we typically contractually agree to indemnify with respect to the services and solutions we provide, infringe upon their intellectual property rights. any such claims of intellectual property infringement could harm our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs in defending ourselves, expose us to considerable legal liability or prevent us from offering some services or solutions in the future. we may have to engage in legal action to protect our own intellectual property rights, and enforcing our rights may require considerable time, money and oversight, and existing laws in the various countries in which we provide services or solutions may offer only limited protection.
we also face considerable potential legal liability from a variety of other sources. our acquisition activities have in the past and may in the future be subject to litigation or other claims, including claims from professionals, clients, stockholders, or other third parties. we have also been the subject of a number of putative securities class action complaints and putative shareholder derivative complaints relating to the matters that were the subject of our now concluded internal investigation into potential violations of the fcpa and other applicable laws, and may be subject to such legal actions for these or other matters in the future. see "part i, item 3. legal proceedings" for more information. we establish reserves for these and other matters when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated; however, the estimation of legal reserves and possible losses involves significant judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes inherent in litigation, and the actual losses arising from particular matters may exceed our estimates and materially adversely affect our results of operations.
our earnings may be adversely affected if we change our intent not to repatriate indian accumulated undistributed earnings.
a significant portion of our accumulated earnings are held and ongoing earnings are derived from our operations in india.  we consider our indian accumulated undistributed earnings to be indefinitely reinvested in india. see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. while we have no plans to do so, we may change our intent not to repatriate such earnings. factors that may lead us to change our intent, include, but are not limited to, changes in cash estimates, capital requirements outside of india, discretionary transactions, changes to our shareholder capital return plan and legislative developments in india and other jurisdictions. for example, the budget, as presented by the india finance minister on february 1, 2020, contains a number of proposed provisions related to tax, including a replacement of the dividend distribution tax, which is due from the dividend payer, with a tax payable by the shareholder receiving the dividend. this measure is proposed to be effective for the india financial year starting april 1, 2020. we are in the process of reviewing the various tax provisions outlined in the budget, and will finalize our assessment once the budget proposals are passed into law by the parliament of india. a change in our intent not to repatriate indian accumulated undistributed earnings would result in a material increase to our provision for income taxes and a decrease in our net income and earnings per share in the period such decision is made.
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive summary cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. our services include digital services and solutions, consulting, application development, systems integration, application testing, application maintenance, infrastructure services and business process services. digital services have become an increasingly important part of our portfolio, aligning with our clients' focus on becoming data-enabled, customer-centric and differentiated businesses. we tailor our services and solutions to specific industries with an integrated global delivery model that employs client service and delivery teams based at client locations and dedicated global and regional delivery centers.
in 2019, we initiated the execution of a multi-year plan aimed at accelerating revenue growth. as part of our 2020 fit for growth plan, we have refined our strategic focus and launched a series of measures designed to improve our operational and commercial models and implement cost reductions.
we are aligning our strategic posture with our clients' needs to become more data-enabled, customer-centric and differentiated businesses. we are planning to invest significantly in technology, sales and marketing, talent re-skilling, acquisitions and partnerships to further sharpen our strategic positioning in key digital areas - iot, ai, digital engineering and cloud, while working to maintain and optimize our core portfolio of services through efficiency, tooling and automation, delivery optimization, protection of renewals, industry alignment and geographic expansion. to support our strategy, we are increasing our investment in sales and marketing professionals to help us expand existing accounts and acquire new ones, and amplify our brand's stature in the marketplace. in addition, in january 2020, we introduced a new, more variable sales compensation structure that rewards our teams for selling the entire portfolio of our services and offerings. further, we have improved the alignment of our sales professionals and client support personnel with our client accounts, based on the size and scope of the existing relationship as well as the potential for account expansion and growth.
the refinement of our strategic posture also highlighted that certain content-related work is not in line with our strategic vision for the company. this work is largely focused on determining whether certain content violates client standards - and can involve objectionable materials. as part of our 2020 fit for growth plan, we intend to exit this work over the course of the next year while our other content-related work will continue. we anticipate that this decision may negatively impact our relationship with the affected clients and estimate that we may lose revenues of $225 million to $255 million on an annualized basis within our communications, media and technology segment in north america. we anticipate revenues will ramp down over the next one to two years and the impact on 2020 revenues is expected to be between $180 million and $200 million. in the meantime, we will comply with our contractual obligations and determine the best mutual path forward with the small number of affected clients.
the 2020 fit for growth plan also involves certain measures, which commenced in the fourth quarter of 2019, to simplify our organizational model and optimize our cost structure in order to partially fund the investments required to execute on our strategy and advance our growth agenda. in 2019, we incurred $48 million of employee separation, retention and facility exit costs under this plan, including $5 million of costs related to our exit from certain content-related services. see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. we expect to incur additional charges in the range of $100 million to $150 million in 2020, primarily related to severance and facility exit costs, under our 2020 fit for growth plan. the optimization measures under this plan are expected to generate an annualized gross savings run rate, before anticipated investments, in the range of approximately $500 million to $550 million. the cost savings realized in 2020 is expected to be lower than the annualized run rate.
2019 financial results the following table sets forth a summary of our financial results for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
other financial information1
during the year ended december 31, 2019, revenues increased by $658 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, representing growth of 4.1%, or 5.2% on a constant currency basis1. revenues from clients added during 2019, including those related to acquisitions, were $234 million.
the following charts set forth revenues and revenue growth by business segment and geography for the year ended december 31, 2019:
financial services                                                                     healthcare increase / (decrease)                                                          increase / (decrease)
rest of world                   520            (16    )        (3.0    )           -                   77                 24               45.3               45.5
products and resources                                           communications, media and technology increase / (decrease)                                                          increase / (decrease)
rest of world                   259             39             17.7             22.4                  197                 11                5.9               12.6
financial services: revenues in our financial services segment increased in our europe region primarily due to samlink revenues, while decreasing in our north america and rest of world regions as certain banking clients continue to transition the support of some of their legacy systems and operations in-house or to captives.
1   constant currency revenue growth, adjusted income from operations and adjusted diluted eps are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and reconciliations to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures, as applicable.
healthcare: revenues from our healthcare segment increased in our europe and rest of world regions, primarily due to revenues from our life sciences clients, including revenues from our acquisition of zenith. revenues in our north america region were negatively impacted by mergers within the healthcare industry, the establishment of an offshore captive by a large client, the customer dispute and a ramp down of a client relationship in which we were a subcontractor to a third party for the purpose of delivering healthcare-related systems implementation services to local government, partially offset by growth among our life sciences clients in this region. revenue growth among our life sciences clients was driven by demand for our digital operations services and solutions.
products and resources: revenue growth in our products and resources segment was primarily driven by our clients' adoption and integration of digital technologies and revenues from our recently completed acquisitions.
communications, media and technology: revenue growth in our communications, media and technology segment was strongest in our north america region and was primarily driven by the demand from our technology clients for digital content services and solutions and revenues from our recently completed acquisitions. as previously noted, our decision to exit certain content-related services will affect future revenue growth in this segment.
in 2017, we began a realignment program with the objective of improving our client focus, our cost structure and the efficiency and effectiveness of our delivery while continuing to drive revenue growth. under our realignment program, in 2019, we incurred $22 million of executive transition costs, $64 million in employee separation costs, $45 million in employee retention costs and $38 million in third party realignment costs. we anticipate that the employee separations completed as part of our realignment program will reduce our compensation expense by approximately $140 million on an annualized basis. we expect to incur $17 million of additional realignment charges related to our retention program in the first half of 2020.
on a combined basis with our 2020 fit for growth plan described above, during the year ended december 31, 2019, we incurred $217 million in restructuring charges reported in the caption "restructuring charges" in our consolidated statements of operations.
our operating margin and adjusted operating margin2 decreased to 14.6% and 16.6%, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2019 from 17.4% and 18.1%, respectively for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decreases in our operating margin and adjusted operating margin2 were due to an increase in costs related to our delivery personnel (including employees and subcontractors) outpacing revenue growth, the dilutive impact of our recently completed acquisitions, contract renegotiations with recently merged healthcare clients and the customer dispute, partially offset by the benefit of lower incentive-based compensation accrual rates. our 2019 gaap operating margin was additionally negatively impacted by the incremental accrual related to the india defined contribution obligation as described in note 15 and higher restructuring charges while our 2018 gaap operating margin was negatively impacted by the initial funding of the cognizant u.s. foundation.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we returned $2,609 million to our stockholders through $2,156 million in share repurchases and $453 million in dividend payments. our shares outstanding decreased to 548 million as of december 31, 2019 from 577 million as of december 31, 2018. we review our capital return plan on an on-going basis, considering our financial performance and liquidity position, investments required to execute our strategic plans and initiatives, acquisition opportunities, the economic outlook, regulatory changes and other relevant factors. as these factors may change over time, the actual amounts expended on stock repurchase activity, dividends and acquisitions, if any, during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time.
other matters we accrued $117 million in 2019 related to the india defined contribution obligation as described in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. it is possible that the indian government will review the matter and there is a substantial question as to whether the indian government will apply the supreme court's ruling on a retroactive basis. as such, the ultimate amount of our obligation may be materially different from the amount accrued.
we are involved in an ongoing dispute with the itd described in note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. the dispute with the itd is currently pending and no final decision has been reached.
2   adjusted operating margin is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
2020 business outlook in 2020, we expect growing demand from our clients for digital services as they invest to transform into data-enabled, customer-centric and differentiated businesses. as our clients continue their efforts to optimize the cost of supporting their legacy systems and operations, our core portfolio of services may be subject to pricing pressure and lower demand as clients look to transition certain work in-house or to new or existing captives.
our clients will likely continue to contend with industry-specific changes driven by evolving digital technologies, uncertainty in the regulatory environment, industry consolidation and convergence as well as international trade policies and other macroeconomic factors, which could affect their demand for our services. client demand may also be impacted by uncertainty related to the potential economic and regulatory effects of the united kingdom's exit from the european union. additionally, revenue from our technology clients will be affected by our strategic decision to exit certain content-related work under our 2020 fit for growth plan.
we expect our 2020 financial results to be impacted by the initial cost optimization measures executed in 2019 as part of our 2020 fit for growth plan, and the expected execution of additional measures under this plan in 2020. in addition, our 2020 results may be impacted by uncertainty regarding regulatory changes, including potential regulatory changes with respect to immigration and taxes as well as costs related to the potential resolution of legal and regulatory matters discussed in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements.
during 2020, we intend to continue to invest in our digital capabilities, our talent base and new service offerings across industries and geographies, while increasing our investment in sales and marketing professionals to help us expand existing accounts and acquire new ones. we will continue to pursue strategic acquisitions that we believe add new technologies or platforms that complement our existing services, improve our overall service delivery capabilities or expand our geographic presence. additionally, we will continue to focus on maintaining and optimizing our core portfolio of services through efficiency, tooling and automation, delivery optimization, protection of renewals, industry alignment and geographic expansion. finally, through the execution of our 2020 fit for growth plan and other initiatives, we will focus on operating discipline in order to appropriately manage our cost structure.
business segments our reportable segments are:
•   financial services, which consists of our banking and insurance operating segments;
•   healthcare, which consists of our healthcare and life sciences operating segments;
•   products and resources, which consists of our retail and consumer goods; manufacturing, logistics, energy, and utilities; and travel and hospitality operating segments;
•   communications, media and technology, which includes our communications and media operating segment and our technology operating segment.
the services we provide are distributed among a number of clients in each of our business segments. a loss of a significant client or a few significant clients in a particular segment could materially reduce revenues for that segment. the services we provide to our larger clients are often critical to their operations and a termination of our services would typically require an extended transition period with gradually declining revenues. nevertheless, the volume of work performed for specific clients may vary significantly from year to year.
in 2019, we made certain changes to the internal measurement of segment operating profits. see note 19 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to this change and on our business segments.
results of operations for a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2017, including a year-to-year comparison between 2018 and 2017, refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
the following table sets forth certain financial data for the years ended december 31:
% of                                  % of                        increase / decrease
cost of revenues(1)                                                    10,634                 63.4            9,838                 61.0              796         8.1
other financial information adjusted income from operations and adjusted operating margin          $2,787                 16.6           $2,920                 18.1             (133     )          (4.6   )
(1)   exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense.
*   not meaningful revenues - overall during 2019, revenues increased by $658 million as compared to 2018, representing growth of 4.1%, or 5.2% on a constant currency basis3. revenues from clients added during 2019, including those related to acquisitions, were $234 million. growth was driven by our clients' adoption and integration of digital technologies, demand for our digital operations services and solutions as well as revenues from our recently completed acquisitions. this was partially offset by pricing pressure within our core portfolio of services as our clients continue their efforts to optimize the cost of supporting their legacy systems and operations.
revenues from our top clients as a percentage of total revenues were as follows:
3   constant currency revenue growth, adjusted income from operations, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted eps are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and reconciliations to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures, as applicable.
revenues - reportable business segments revenues by reportable business segment were as follows:
financial services                            $5,869               $5,845                 $24               0.4         1.6
healthcare                                     4,695                4,668                  27               0.6         1.0
products and resources                         3,770                3,415                 355              10.4        12.0
financial services revenues from our financial services segment grew 0.4%, or 1.6% on a constant currency basis4 , in 2019. revenues among our insurance clients increased by $41 million as compared to a decrease of $17 million from our banking clients. revenues from clients added during 2019, including those related to samlink, were $90 million. demand in this segment was driven by our clients' need to be compliant with significant regulatory requirements and adaptable to regulatory change, and their adoption and integration of digital technologies, including customer experience enhancement, robotic process automation, analytics and ai in areas such as digital lending, fraud detection and next generation payments. demand from certain banking clients has been and may continue to be negatively affected as they transition the support of some of their legacy systems and operations in-house or to captives.
healthcare revenues from our healthcare segment grew 0.6%, or 1.0% on a constant currency basis4, in 2019. revenues in this segment increased by $241 million among our life science clients compared to a decrease of $214 million from our healthcare clients. revenue growth among our life sciences clients was driven by revenues from zenith and demand for our digital operations services and solutions. revenues from our healthcare clients were negatively impacted by the mergers within the segment, the establishment of an offshore captive by a large client, the customer dispute and a ramp down of a client relationship in which we were a subcontractor to a third party for the purpose of delivering healthcare-related systems implementation services to local government, partially offset by revenues from bolder, which we acquired in the second quarter of 2018. revenues from clients added during 2019, including those related to acquisitions, were $36 million.
demand in this segment was driven by emerging industry trends, including enhanced compliance, integrated health management, claims investigative services and heightened focus on patient experience, as well as services that drive operational improvements in areas such as claims processing, enrollment, membership and billing. demand was also created by the adoption and integration of digital technologies such as ai to shape personalized care plans and predictive data analytics to improve patient outcomes. demand from our healthcare clients may continue to be affected by uncertainty in the regulatory environment and industry-specific trends, including industry consolidation and convergence. demand among our life sciences clients may be affected by industry consolidation. we believe that, in the long term, the healthcare industry continues to present a significant growth opportunity due to factors that are transforming the industry, including the changing regulatory environment, increasing focus on medical costs and the consumerization of healthcare.
products and resources revenues from our products and resources segment grew 10.4%, or 12.0% on a constant currency basis4, in 2019. revenue growth was strongest among our retail and consumer goods clients, where revenue increased by $187 million. revenues from our manufacturing, logistics, energy and utilities clients increased by $119 million while revenue from our travel and hospitality clients increased by $49 million. revenues from clients added during 2019, including those related to acquisitions, were $69 million. demand in this segment was driven by our clients' focus on improving the efficiency of their operations, the enablement and integration of mobile platforms to support sales and other omni-channel commerce initiatives, and their adoption and integration of digital technologies, such as the application of intelligent systems to manage supply chain and enhance overall customer experiences.
4   constant currency revenue growth is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information.
communications, media and technology revenues from our communications, media and technology segment grew 11.5%, or 13.1% on a constant currency basis5 in 2019. growth was stronger among our technology clients where revenues increased $209 million as compared to an increase of $43 million for our communications and media clients. revenues from clients added during 2019, including those related to acquisitions were $39 million. demand in this segment is driven by our clients' needs to create differentiated user experiences, transition to agile development methodologies, enhance their networks, manage their digital content and adopt and integrate digital technologies, such as cloud, interactive and iot. in 2020, revenues within this segment will be affected by our strategic decision to exit certain content-related services. we anticipate that this decision may negatively impact our relationship with the affected clients and estimate that we may lose revenues of $225 million to $255 million on an annualized basis. we anticipate revenues will ramp down over the next one to two years and the impact on 2020 revenues is expected to be between $180 million and $200 million. additionally, demand among our technology clients may be affected by uncertainty in the regulatory environment while significant merger and acquisition activity may impact our clients in the communications and media industry.
revenues - geographic locations revenues by geographic market, as determined by client location, were as follows:
rest of world                1,053                 995                58            5.8       9.8    %
north america continues to be our largest market, representing 75.8% of total 2019 revenues and 65.8% of total revenue growth in 2019. revenue growth in our north america region was driven by the demand for digital content services and solutions by clients in our communications, media and technology segment, the adoption and integration of digital technologies by clients in our products and resources segment and revenues from recently completed acquisitions, partially offset by lower revenue in our healthcare segment as described above. in 2020, revenues in our north america region will be affected by our strategic decision to exit certain content-related services in our communications, media and technology segment. revenue growth in our continental europe and the united kingdom regions was driven by our life science clients and includes revenues related to our recently completed acquisitions. revenue growth in our rest of world region was driven by strength in our products and resources and healthcare segments. revenue growth in our north america and rest of world regions was negatively affected as certain banking clients in these regions transition the support of some of their legacy systems and operations in-house or to captives. we believe that there are opportunities for growth across all of our geographic markets.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense)
our cost of revenues consists primarily of salaries, incentive-based compensation, stock-based compensation expense, employee benefits, project-related immigration and travel for technical personnel, subcontracting and equipment costs relating to revenues. our cost of revenues increased by 8.1% during 2019 as compared to 2018, increasing as a percentage of revenues to 63.4% during the 2019 period compared to 61.0% in 2018. the increase in cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues, was due primarily to an increase in costs related to our delivery personnel (including employees and subcontractors) as headcount growth outpaced revenue growth, partially offset by lower incentive-based compensation accrual rates in 2019.
5   constant currency revenue growth is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information.
sg&a expenses sg&a expenses consist primarily of salaries, incentive-based compensation, stock-based compensation expense, employee benefits, immigration, travel, marketing, communications, management, finance, administrative and occupancy costs. sg&a expenses decreased by 1.2% during 2019 as compared to 2018, decreasing as a percentage of revenues to 17.7% in 2019 as compared to 18.6% in 2018. the decrease, as a percentage of revenues, was due primarily to a decrease in compensation costs, partially offset by costs related to our recently completed acquisitions. additionally, in 2019 we recorded the incremental accrual related to the india defined contribution obligation as described in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. in 2018, we recorded a $100 million charge related to the initial funding of the cognizant u.s. foundation.
restructuring charges our restructuring charges consist of our 2020 fit for growth plan, which was announced in the fourth quarter of 2019, and our realignment program. restructuring charges were $217 million or 1.3%, as a percentage of revenues during 2019, as compared to $19 million or 0.1%, as a percentage of revenues in 2018. for further detail on our restructuring charges see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements.
operating margin - overall our operating margin and adjusted operating margin6 decreased to 14.6% and 16.6%, respectively in 2019 from 17.4% and 18.1%, respectively, during 2018. the decreases in our operating margin and adjusted operating margin6 were due to an increase in costs related to our delivery personnel (including employees and subcontractors) outpacing revenue growth, the dilutive impact of our recently completed acquisitions, contract renegotiations with recently merged healthcare clients and the customer dispute, partially offset by the impact of lower incentive-based compensation accrual rates. our 2019 gaap operating margin was additionally negatively impacted by the incremental accrual related to the india defined contribution obligation as described in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements and higher realignment charges while our 2018 gaap operating margin was negatively impacted by the initial funding of the cognizant u.s. foundation.
excluding the impact of applicable designated cash flow hedges, the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar positively impacted our operating margin by approximately 53 basis points or 0.53 percentage points in 2019, while in 2018 the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar positively impacted our operating margin by approximately 89 basis points or 0.89 percentage points. each additional 1.0% change in exchange rate between the indian rupee and the u.s. dollar will have the effect of moving our operating margin by approximately 18 basis points or 0.18 percentage points.
we enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain indian rupee denominated payments in india. these hedges are intended to mitigate the volatility of the changes in the exchange rate between the u.s. dollar and the indian rupee. during the year ended december 31, 2019, the settlement of cash flow hedges had an immaterial impact on our operating margin as compared to a positive impact of approximately 44 basis points or 0.44 percentage points in 2018.
our most significant costs are the salaries and related benefits for our employees. these costs are affected by the impact of inflation. in certain regions, competition for professionals with the advanced technical skills necessary to perform our services has caused wages to increase at a rate greater than the general rate of inflation.
we finished the year with approximately 292,500 employees, which is an increase of approximately 10,900 over the prior year end. for the three months ended december 31, 2019, annualized turnover, including both voluntary and involuntary, was approximately 20.8%. turnover for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, including both voluntary and involuntary, was approximately 21.7% and 20.8%, respectively. attrition is weighted more towards the junior members of our staff.
6   adjusted operating margin is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
segment operating profit and margin segment operating profit and margin were as follows:
2019                                                             operating margin %                2018        operating margin %           increase /(decrease)
financial services                             $1,605                          27.3          $1,713                          29.3                 $(108        )
healthcare                                      1,261                          26.9           1,416                          30.3                  (155        )
products and resources                          1,028                          27.3           1,023                          30.0                     5
total segment operating profit and margin       4,626                          27.6           4,844                          30.0                  (218        )
across all of our operating segments, operating margins decreased as costs related to our delivery personnel (including employees and subcontractors) outpaced revenue growth. additionally, operating margins in healthcare were negatively affected by mergers among several of our healthcare clients, the customer dispute and the impairment of certain capitalized costs related to a large volume-based contract.
certain sg&a expenses, the excess or shortfall of incentive compensation for commercial and delivery personnel as compared to target, costs related to our 2020 fit for growth plan and realignment program, a portion of depreciation and amortization and the impact of the settlements of our cash flow hedges are not allocated to individual segments in internal management reports used by the chief operating decision maker. accordingly, such expenses are excluded from segment operating profit and are separately disclosed above as "unallocated costs" and adjusted against our total income from operations. the increase in unallocated costs during 2019 compared to 2018 is primarily due to higher realignment charges incurred in 2019 and the india defined contribution obligation recorded in 2019, partially offset by a shortfall of incentive-based compensation as compared to target in 2019 and the initial funding of the cognizant u.s. foundation recorded in 2018.
other income (expense), net total other income (expense), net consists primarily of foreign currency exchange gains and losses, interest income and interest expense. the following table sets forth total other income (expense), net for the years ended december 31:
foreign currency exchange (losses)                                                     $(73   )         $(183   )                  $110
gains on foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments         8                31                       (23        )
foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net                                           (65   )          (152   )                    87
the foreign currency exchange gains and losses in all the years presented were primarily attributable to the remeasurement of the indian rupee denominated net monetary assets and liabilities in our u.s. dollar functional currency india subsidiaries and, to a lesser extent, the remeasurement of other net monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of our subsidiaries. the gains and losses on foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments relate to the realized and unrealized gains and losses on foreign exchange forward contracts entered into to partially offset foreign currency exposure to the euro and indian rupee and other non-u.s. dollar denominated net monetary assets and liabilities. as of december 31, 2019, the notional value of our undesignated hedges was $702 million.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes was $643 million in 2019 and $698 million in 2018. the effective income tax rate remained relatively flat at 25.3% in 2019 as compared to 25.0% in 2018. in the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded a one-time net income tax expense of $21 million as a result of the enactment of the india tax law. see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
income (loss) from equity method investments in 2019, we recorded an impairment charge of $57 million on one of our equity method investments as further described in note 5 to our consolidated financial statements.
net income net income was $1,842 million in 2019 and $2,101 million in 2018. net income as a percentage of revenues decreased to 11.0% in 2019 from 13.0% in 2018. the decrease in net income is primarily due to a decrease in income from operations, partially offset by lower foreign exchange losses as compared to 2018.
non-gaap financial measures portions of our disclosure include non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap, and may be different from non-gaap financial measures used by other companies. in addition, these non-gaap financial measures should be read in conjunction with our financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap. the reconciliations of our non-gaap financial measures to the corresponding gaap measures, set forth below, should be carefully evaluated.
our non-gaap financial measures, adjusted operating margin, adjusted income from operations and adjusted diluted eps exclude unusual items. additionally, adjusted diluted eps excludes net non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses and the tax impact of all the applicable adjustments. the income tax impact of each item is calculated by applying the statutory rate and local tax regulations in the jurisdiction in which the item was incurred. constant currency revenue growth is defined as revenues for a given period restated at the comparative period's foreign currency exchange rates measured against the comparative period's reported revenues.
we believe providing investors with an operating view consistent with how we manage the company provides enhanced transparency into our operating results. for our internal management reporting and budgeting purposes, we use various gaap and non-gaap financial measures for financial and operational decision-making, to evaluate period-to-period comparisons, to determine portions of the compensation for our executive officers and for making comparisons of our operating results to those of our competitors. therefore, it is our belief that the use of non-gaap financial measures excluding certain costs provides a meaningful supplemental measure for investors to evaluate our financial performance. we believe that the presentation of our non-gaap financial measures (adjusted income from operations, adjusted operating margin, adjusted diluted eps and constant currency revenue growth) along with reconciliations to the most comparable gaap measure, as applicable, can provide useful supplemental information to our management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations.
a limitation of using non-gaap financial measures versus financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap is that non-gaap financial measures do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our operating results as determined in accordance with gaap and may exclude costs that are recurring such as our net non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses. in addition, other companies may calculate non-gaap financial measures differently than us, thereby limiting the usefulness of these non-gaap financial measures as a comparative tool. we compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the gaap amounts excluded from our non-gaap financial measures to allow investors to evaluate such non-gaap financial measures.
the following table presents a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to the most comparable gaap measure for the years ended december 31:
2019                                                                                                        % ofrevenues                    2018         % ofrevenues
gaap income from operations and operating margin                                    $2,453                 14.6        %            $2,801                 17.4   %
2020 fit for growth plan restructuring charges (3)                                      48                  0.3                          -               -
initial funding of cognizant u.s. foundation (4)                                         -                    -                        100                  0.6
adjusted income from operations and adjusted operating margin                        2,787                 16.6                      2,920                 18.1
effect of above adjustments, pre-tax                                                  0.60                                            0.20
effect of non-operating foreign currency exchange losses (gains), pre-tax (5)         0.11                                            0.26
tax effect of above adjustments (6)                                                  (0.15     )                                     (0.03     )
effect of the equity method investment impairment (7)                                 0.10                                               -
effect of the india tax law (8)                                                       0.04                                               -
effect of net incremental income tax expense related to the tax reform act (9)           -                                           (0.01     )
(1)   as part of our realignment program, during the year ended december 31, 2019, we incurred executive transition costs, employee separation costs, employee retention costs and third party realignment costs. see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2)   in 2019, we recorded an accrual of $117 million related to the india defined contribution obligation as further described in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements.
(3)   during 2019, we incurred certain employee separation, employee retention and facility exit costs under our 2020 fit for growth plan. see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(4)   in 2018, we provided $100 million of initial funding to cognizant u.s. foundation. this cost is reported in "selling, general and administrative expenses" in our consolidated statement of operations.
(5)   non-operating foreign currency exchange gains and losses, inclusive of gains and losses on related foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes, are reported in "foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net" in our consolidated statements of operations.
(6)   presented below are the tax impacts of each of our non-gaap adjustments to pre-tax income:
non-gaap income tax benefit (expense) related to:
foreign currency exchange gains and losses                                          (1      )          (12           )
2020 fit for growth plan restructuring charges                                      13                 -
initial funding of cognizant u.s. foundation                                         -          28
the effective income tax rate related to each of our non-gaap adjustments varies depending on the jurisdictions in which such income and expenses are generated and the statutory rates applicable in those jurisdictions.
(7)   in 2019, we recorded an impairment charge of $57 million on one of our equity investments as further described in note 5 to our consolidated financial statements.
(8)   in 2019, we recorded a one-time net income tax expense of $21 million as a result of the enactment of a new tax law in india. see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(9)   in 2018, we finalized our calculation of the one-time net income tax expense related to the enactment of the tax reform act and recognized a $5 million income tax benefit, which reduced our provision for income taxes.
liquidity and capital resources our cash generated from operations has historically been our primary source of liquidity to fund operations and investments to grow our business. in addition, as of december 31, 2019, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $3,424 million, of which $414 million was restricted and not available for use as a result of our ongoing dispute with the itd as described in note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. additionally, as of december 31, 2019, we had available capacity under our credit facilities of approximately $1,932 million.
the following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the years ended december 31:
operating activities                     $2,499              $2,592           $(93              )
operating activities the decrease in cash generated from operating activities for 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to the decrease in income from operations and an increase in the cash taxes paid during 2019, partially offset by improved collections of trade accounts receivable in 2019.
we monitor turnover, aging and the collection of trade accounts receivable by client. our dso calculation includes trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, and contract assets, reduced by the uncollected portion of our deferred revenue. dso was 73 days as of december 31, 2019 and 74 days as of december 31, 2018. as further described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements, during the fourth quarter of 2019, we changed our policy with regard to the presentation of certain amounts due to customers, such as discounts and rebates. this change in policy had the effect of reducing our dso by two days and one day as of december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively.
investing activities net cash provided by investing activities in 2019 was driven by net sales of investments partially offset by payments for acquisitions and outflows for capital expenditures. net cash used in investing activities in 2018 is related to payments for acquisitions, outflows for capital expenditures and net purchases of investments.
financing activities the increase in cash used in financing activities in 2019 compared to 2018 is primarily attributable to higher repurchases of common stock in 2019, including our $600 million 2019 asr agreement.
we have a credit agreement providing for a $750 million term loan and a $1,750 million unsecured revolving credit facility, which are due to mature in november 2023. we are required under the credit agreement to make scheduled quarterly principal payments on the term loan. see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements. we believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the credit agreement to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the remaining available capacity under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2019 and through the date of this filing.
in september 2019, our india subsidiary entered into a 13 billion indian rupee ($182 million at the december 31, 2019 exchange rate) working capital facility, which requires us to repay any balances drawn down within 90 days from the date of disbursement. as of december 31, 2019, there was no balance outstanding under the working capital facility.
during 2019, we returned $2,609 million to our stockholders through $2,156 million in share repurchases under our stock repurchase program and $453 million in dividend payments funded primarily with the proceeds from the liquidation of our available-for-sale investment portfolio and operating cash flows. our shares outstanding decreased to 548 million as of december 31, 2019
from 577 million as of december 31, 2018. in february 2020, our board of directors approved a 10% or $0.02 increase to our quarterly cash dividends and increased our stock repurchase program authorization from $5.5 billion to $7.5 billion, excluding fees and expenses. we review our capital return plan on an on-going basis, considering our financial performance and liquidity position, investments required to execute our strategic plans and initiatives, acquisition opportunities, the economic outlook, regulatory changes and other relevant factors. as these factors may change over time, the actual amounts expended on stock repurchase activity, dividends, and acquisitions, if any, during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time.
other liquidity and capital resources information we seek to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. as part of our ongoing liquidity assessments, we regularly monitor the mix of our domestic and international cash flows and cash balances. as of december 31, 2019, the amount of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the united states was $3,097 million, of which $2,414 million was in india. as further described in note 11 to our consolidated financial statements, certain short-term investment balances in india totaling $414 million as of december 31, 2019, were restricted in connection with our dispute with the itd. the affected balances may continue to remain restricted and unavailable for our use while the dispute is ongoing.
we evaluate on an ongoing basis what portion of the non-u.s. cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside india is needed locally to execute our strategic plans and what amount is available for repatriation back to the united states. we consider our earnings in india to be indefinitely reinvested, which is consistent with our ongoing strategy to expand our indian operations, including through infrastructure investments. however, future events may occur, such as material changes in cash estimates, discretionary transactions, including corporate restructurings, and changes in applicable laws, that may lead us to repatriate the undistributed indian earnings. as of december 31, 2019, the amount of unrepatriated indian earnings was approximately $5,242 million. if all of our accumulated unrepatriated indian earnings were to be repatriated, based on our current interpretation of india tax law, we estimate that we would incur an additional income tax expense of approximately $1,101 million. this estimate is subject to change based on tax legislation developments in india and other jurisdictions as well as judicial and interpretive developments of applicable tax laws.
on february 1, 2020, the india finance minister presented the budget, which contains a number of proposed provisions related to tax, including a replacement of the dividend distribution tax, which is due from the dividend payer, with a tax payable by the shareholder receiving the dividend. if enacted, these provisions would significantly reduce the tax rate applicable to any cash we were to repatriate from india. these provisions are proposed to be effective for the india financial year starting april 1, 2020. we are in the process of reviewing the various tax provisions outlined in the budget, and will finalize our assessment once the budget proposals are passed into law by the parliament of india.
we expect our operating cash flow, cash and investment balances (excluding the $414 million of india restricted assets), together with our available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to be sufficient to meet our operating requirements, in india and globally, for the next twelve months. our ability to expand and grow our business in accordance with current plans, make acquisitions and form joint ventures, meet our long-term capital requirements beyond a twelve-month period and execute our capital return plan will depend on many factors, including the rate, if any, at which our cash flow increases, our ability and willingness to pay for acquisitions and joint ventures with capital stock and the availability of public and private debt and equity financing. we cannot be certain that additional financing, if required, will be available on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all.
commitments and contingencies commitments as of december 31, 2019, we had the following obligations and commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations and commercial commitments:
operating lease obligations                1,134                     249                     384                   228         273
(1)   consists of scheduled repayments of our term loan.
(2)   interest on the term loan was calculated at interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2019.
(3)   other purchase commitments include, among other things, communications and information technology obligations, as well as other obligations in the ordinary course of business that we cannot cancel or where we would be required to pay a termination fee in the event of cancellation.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $152 million of unrecognized income tax benefits. this represents the income tax benefits associated with certain income tax positions on our u.s. and non-u.s. tax returns that have not been recognized on our financial statements due to uncertainty regarding their resolution. the resolution of these income tax positions with the relevant taxing authorities is at various stages, and therefore we are unable to make a reliable estimate of the eventual cash flows by period that may be required to settle these matters.
contingencies see note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
off-balance sheet arrangements other than our foreign exchange forward contracts, there were no off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons in 2019 and 2018 that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
critical accounting estimates management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our accompanying consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with gaap. we base our estimates on historical experience, current trends and on various other assumptions that are believed to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. we evaluate our estimates on a continuous basis. however, the actual amounts may differ from the estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
we believe the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported consolidated financial statements as they require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. changes to these estimates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. our significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition. revenues related to fixed-price contracts for application development and systems integration services, consulting or other technology services are recognized as the service is performed using the cost to cost method, under which the total value of revenues is recognized on the basis of the percentage that each contract's total labor cost to date bears to the total expected labor costs. revenues related to fixed-price application maintenance, testing and business process services are recognized using the cost to cost method, if the right to invoice is not representative of the value being delivered. the cost to cost method requires estimation of future costs, which is updated as the project progresses to reflect the latest available information. such estimates and changes in estimates involve the use of judgment. the cumulative impact of any revision in estimates is reflected in the financial reporting period in which the change in estimate becomes known. net changes in estimates of such future costs and contract losses were immaterial to the consolidated results of operations for the periods presented.
income taxes. determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, deferred income tax assets (and related valuation allowance, if any) and liabilities requires significant judgment. we are required to calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions where we operate. changes in the geographic mix of income before taxes or estimated level of annual pre-tax income can affect our overall effective income tax rate. in addition, transactions between our affiliated entities are arranged in accordance with applicable transfer pricing laws, regulations and relevant guidelines. as a result, and due to the interpretive nature of certain aspects of these laws and guidelines, we have pending applications for apas before the taxing authorities in some of our most significant jurisdictions. it could take years for the relevant taxing authorities to negotiate and conclude these applications. the consolidated provision for income taxes may change period to period based on changes in facts and circumstances, such as settlements of income tax audits or finalization of our applications for apas.
our provision for income taxes also includes the impact of reserves established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as the related interest, which may require us to apply judgment to complex issues and may require an extended period of time to resolve. although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not differ from our recorded amounts. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit. to the extent that the final outcome of these matters differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
business combinations, goodwill and intangible assets. goodwill and intangible assets, including indefinite-lived intangible assets, arise from the accounting for business combinations. we account for business combinations using the acquisition method which requires us to estimate the fair value of identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, including any contingent consideration, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree to properly allocate purchase price to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the allocation of the purchase price utilizes significant estimates in determining the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, especially with respect to intangible assets. the significant estimates and assumptions include the timing and amount of forecasted revenues and cash flows, anticipated growth rates, client attrition rates, the discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows and the determination of useful lives for finite-lived assets.
we exercise judgment to allocate goodwill to the reporting units expected to benefit from each business combination. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, regulatory environment, established business plans, operating performance indicators or competition. evaluation of goodwill for impairment requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets, liabilities and goodwill to reporting units and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit.
we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of an income approach, utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis, and a market approach, using market multiples. under the income approach, we estimate projected future cash flows, the timing of such cash flows and long-term growth rates, and determine the appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows. the discount rate used is based on our weighted-average cost of capital and may be adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit's ability to execute on the projected future cash flows. under the market approach, we estimate fair value based on market multiples of revenues and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with characteristics similar to the reporting unit. the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit.
we also evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, or as circumstances warrant. our 2019 qualitative assessment included the review of relevant macroeconomic factors and entity-specific qualitative factors to determine if it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets was below carrying value.
based on our most recent evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets performed during the fourth quarter of 2019, we concluded that the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset balances in each of our reporting units were not at risk of impairment. as of december 31, 2019, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset balances were $3,979 million and $72 million, respectively.
we review our finite-lived assets, including our finite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. we recognize an impairment loss when the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of such asset groups. the impairment loss is determined as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value. assessing the fair value of asset groups involves significant estimates and assumptions including estimation of future cash flows, the timing of such cash flows and discount rates reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows.
contingencies. loss contingencies are recorded as liabilities when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. when a material loss contingency is reasonably possible but not probable, we do not record a liability, but instead disclose the nature and amount of the claim, and an estimate of the loss or range of loss, if such an estimate can be made. significant judgment is required in the determination of whether an exposure is considered probable and reasonably estimable. our judgments are subjective and based on the information available from the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of our defenses and consultation with in-house and outside legal counsel. as additional information becomes available, we reassess any potential liability related to any pending litigation and may revise our estimates. such revisions in estimates of any potential liabilities could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
recently adopted and new accounting pronouncements see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
forward looking statements the statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of section 21e of the exchange act) that involve risks and uncertainties. such forward-looking statements may be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believe," "expect," "may," "could," "would," "plan," "intend," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue," "should" or "anticipate" or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. from time to time, we or our representatives have made or may make forward-looking statements, orally or in writing.
such forward-looking statements may be included in various filings made by us with the sec, in press releases or in oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our authorized executive officers. these forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding our anticipated future revenues or operating margin, earnings, capital expenditures, anticipated effective income tax rate and income tax expense, liquidity, access to capital, capital return plan, investment strategies, cost management, realignment program, 2020 fit for growth plan, plans and objectives, including those related to our digital practice areas, investment in our business, potential acquisitions, industry trends, client behaviors and trends, the outcome of regulatory and litigation matters, the incremental accrual related to the india defined contribution obligation and other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections, management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. actual results, performance, achievements and outcomes could differ materially from the results expressed in, or anticipated or implied by, these forward-looking statements. there are a number of important factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including:
•   economic and political conditions globally and in particular in the markets in which our clients and operations are concentrated;
•   our ability to attract, train and retain skilled professionals, including highly skilled technical personnel to satisfy client demand and senior management to lead our business globally;
•   challenges related to growing our business organically as well as inorganically through acquisitions, and our ability to achieve our targeted growth rates;
•   our ability to achieve our profitability and capital return goals;
•   our ability to successfully implement our 2020 fit for growth plan and achieve the anticipated benefits from the plan;
•   our ability to meet specified service levels or milestones required by certain of our contracts;
•   intense and evolving competition and significant technological advances that our service offerings must keep pace with in the rapidly changing markets we compete in;
•   legal, reputational and financial risks if we fail to protect client and/or cognizant data from security breaches or cyberattacks;
•   the effectiveness of our business continuity and disaster recovery plans and the potential that our global delivery capacity could be impacted;
•   restrictions on visas, in particular in the united states, united kingdom and european union, or immigration more generally, which may affect our ability to compete for and provide services to our clients;
•   risks related to anti-outsourcing legislation, if adopted, and negative perceptions associated with offshore outsourcing, both of which could impair our ability to serve our clients;
•   risks related to complying with the numerous and evolving legal and regulatory requirements to which we are subject in the many jurisdictions in which we operate;
•   potential changes in tax laws, or in their interpretation or enforcement, failure by us to adapt our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements to achieve global tax efficiencies or adverse outcomes of tax audits, investigations or proceedings;
•   potential exposure to litigation and legal claims in the conduct of our business;
•   potential significant expense that would occur if we change our intent not to repatriate indian accumulated undistributed earnings; and
•   the factors set forth in part i, in the section entitled "item 1a. risk factors" in this report.
you are advised to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in the reports we file with the sec, including this report in the sections titled "part i, item 1. business," "part i, item 1a. risk factors" and "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
glossary defined term                            definition adjusted diluted eps                    adjusted diluted earnings per share ai                                      artificial intelligence apas                                    advanced pricing agreements asc                                     accounting standards codification asr                                     accelerated stock repurchase asu                                     accounting standards update atg                                     advanced technology group, inc.
bolder                                  bolder healthcare solutions brilliant                               brilliant service co., ltd.
budget                                  union budget of india for 2020-2021
cts india                               our principal operating subsidiary in india customer dispute                        an ongoing dispute with a healthcare client related to a large volume-based contract division bench                          division bench of the madras high court devops                                  agile relationship between development and it operations doj                                     united states department of justice dso                                     days sales outstanding eps                                     earnings per share eu                                      european union exchange act                            securities exchange act of 1934, as amended executive transition costs              costs associated with our ceo transition and the departure of our president fasb                                    financial accounting standards board fcpa                                    foreign corrupt practices act gaap                                    generally accepted accounting principles goodwin                                 goodwin procter llp hr                                      human resources india defined contribution obligation   certain statutory defined contribution obligations of employees and employers in india india tax law                           new tax regime enacted by the government of india effective april 1, 2019
ip                                      intellectual property isda                                    international swaps and derivatives association iot                                     internet of things it                                      information technology itd                                     indian income tax department mat                                     minimum alternative tax mustache                                mustache, llc nasdaq                                  nasdaq global select market netcentric                              netcentric ag new revenue standard                    asc topic 606 "revenue from contracts with customers"
oecd                  organization for economic co-operation and development psu                   performance stock units purchase plan         cognizant technology solutions corporation 2004 employee stock purchase plan, as amended rou                   right of use rsu                   restricted stock units saasfocus             saasforce consulting private limited samlink               oy samlink ab sec                   united states securities and exchange commission sezs                  special economic zones slp                   special leave petition softvision            softvision, llc tax reform act        tax cuts and jobs act term loan             unsecured term loan tmg                   tmg health, inc.