item 1a. risk factors risk factors relating to delta we are at risk of losses and adverse publicity stemming from a serious accident involving our aircraft or aircraft of our airline partners.
an aircraft crash or other serious accident could expose us to significant liability. although we believe that our insurance coverage is appropriate, we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an accident in the event that the coverage was not sufficient.
in addition, any accident involving an aircraft that we operate or an aircraft that is operated by an airline that is one of our regional carriers or codeshare, alliance or joint venture partners could create a negative public perception about safety, which could harm our reputation, resulting in air travelers being reluctant to fly on our aircraft and therefore harm our business.
breaches or lapses in the security of our technology systems and the data we store could compromise passenger or employee information and expose us to liability, possibly having a material adverse effect on our business.
as a regular part of our ordinary business operations, we collect and store sensitive data, including information necessary for our operations, personal information of our passengers and employees and information of our business partners. the secure operation of the networks and systems on which this type of information is stored, processed and maintained is critical to our business operations and strategy.
our information systems and those of our service providers are subject to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or information, or those of our service providers, including through fraud or other means of deception. hardware or software we develop, acquire or use in connection with our systems may contain defects that could unexpectedly compromise information security. for example, we were notified in 2018 that a third-party vendor of chat services for delta and other companies determined it had been involved in a cyber incident for a short period in 2017. we have incurred remedial, legal and other costs in connection with this incident but the costs are not material to our financial position or results of operations.
the methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or to detect for long periods of time. as a result of these types of risks and regular attacks on our systems, we regularly review and update procedures and processes to prevent and protect against unauthorized access to our systems and information and inadvertent misuse of data. in addition to continuously risk assessing and reviewing our procedures, processes and technologies, we also continue to monitor, review and update the process and control requirements we expect our third parties and vendors to leverage and implement for the protection of delta information that is in their care. however, the constantly changing nature of the threats means that we may not be able to prevent all information security breaches or misuse of data.
the compromise of our technology systems resulting in the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of, or access to, our information or that of our customers, employees or business partners or failure to comply with regulatory or contractual obligations with respect to such information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disruption to our operations and damage to our reputation, any or all of which could adversely affect our business. the costs to remediate breaches and similar system compromises that do occur could be material. in addition, as cybercriminals become more sophisticated, the cost of proactive defensive measures may increase.
disruptions of our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations, possibly having a material adverse effect on our business.
disruptions in our information technology network could result from a technology error or failure impacting our internal systems, whether hosted internally at our data centers or externally at third-party locations, or large scale external interruption in technology infrastructure support on which we depend, such as power, telecommunications or the internet. the operation of our technology systems and the use of related data may also be vulnerable to a variety of other sources of interruption, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, hackers and other security issues. a significant individual, sustained or repeated failure of our network, including third-party networks we utilize and on which we depend, could impact our customer service and result in increased costs. while we have in place initiatives to prevent disruptions and disaster recovery plans (including the creation of a back-up data center) and continue to invest in improvements to these initiatives and plans, these measures may not be adequate to prevent a business disruption and any material adverse financial and reputational consequences to our business.
failure of our technology to perform effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are dependent on technology initiatives to provide customer service and operational effectiveness in order to compete in the current business environment. for example, we have made and continue to make significant investments in customer facing technology such as delta.com, mobile device applications, check-in kiosks, customer service applications, application of biometric technology, airport information displays and related initiatives, including security for these initiatives. we are also investing in significant upgrades to technology infrastructure and other supporting systems. the performance, reliability and security of the technology are critical to our ability to serve customers. if our technology does not perform effectively, our business and operations would be negatively affected, which could be material.
our significant investments in airlines in other parts of the world and the commercial relationships that we have with those carriers may not produce the returns or results we expect.
an important part of our strategy to expand our global network has been to make significant investments in airlines in other parts of the world and expand our commercial relationships with these carriers, including through joint ventures. we expect to continue exploring ways to expand our relationships with other carriers as part of our global business strategy. these investments and relationships involve significant challenges and risks, including that we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment or that they may not generate the expected financial results. these events could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
in addition, we are dependent on these other carriers for significant aspects of our network in the regions in which they operate. while we work closely with these carriers, we do not have control over their operations or business methods. to the extent that the operations of any of these carriers are disrupted over an extended period or their actions have a significant adverse effect on our operations, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
in certain circumstances, we also may be subject to consequences of the failure of these carriers to comply with laws and regulations, including u.s. laws to which they may be subject. for example, we may be subject to consequences from improper behavior of our joint venture partners, including for failure to comply with anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act. such a result could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
agreements governing our debt, including credit agreements, include financial and other covenants. failure to comply with these covenants could result in events of default.
our primary credit facility has various financial and other covenants that require us to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a minimum asset coverage ratio. we have other smaller facilities, some of which are secured and also contain collateral coverage ratios. a decline in the value of our assets supporting these facilities from factors that are not under our control could affect one or more of the ratios. in addition, the credit facilities contain other negative covenants customary for such financings. these covenants are subject to important exceptions and qualifications. if we fail to comply with these covenants and are unable to remedy or obtain a waiver or amendment, an event of default would result.
the credit facilities also contain other events of default customary for such financings. if an event of default were to occur, the lenders could, among other things, declare outstanding amounts due and payable and where applicable, repossess collateral, which may include aircraft or other valuable assets. in addition, an event of default or declaration of acceleration under any of the credit facilities could also result in an event of default under other of our financing agreements. the acceleration of significant amounts of debt could require us to renegotiate, repay or refinance the obligations under the credit facilities or other financing arrangements.
employee strikes and other labor-related disruptions may have a material adverse effect on our operations.
our business is labor intensive, utilizing large numbers of pilots, flight attendants, aircraft maintenance technicians, ground support personnel and other personnel. as of december 31, 2019, approximately 19% of our workforce, primarily pilots, was unionized. relations between air carriers and labor unions in the united states are governed by the railway labor act, which provides that a collective bargaining agreement between an airline and a labor union does not expire, but instead becomes amendable as of a stated date. the railway labor act generally prohibits strikes or other types of self help actions both before and after a collective bargaining agreement becomes amendable, unless and until the collective bargaining processes required by the railway labor act have been exhausted. the collective bargaining agreement with our pilots became amendable on december 31, 2019 and we are in discussions with representatives of the pilots regarding terms of the collective bargaining agreement. monroe's relations with unions representing its employees are governed by the nlra, which generally allows self help after a collective bargaining agreement expires.
if we or our subsidiaries are unable to reach agreement with any of our unionized work groups on future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining agreements or if additional segments of our workforce become unionized, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages, subject to the requirements of the railway labor act or the nlra, as the case may be. strikes or labor disputes with our unionized employees may have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business. likewise, if third-party regional carriers with whom we have contract carrier agreements are unable to reach agreement with their unionized work groups in current or future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining agreements, those carriers may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages, subject to the requirements of the railway labor act, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
our results can fluctuate due to the effects of weather, natural disasters and seasonality.
our results of operations are impacted by severe weather, natural disasters and seasonality. severe weather conditions and natural disasters (or other environmental events) can significantly disrupt service and create air traffic control problems. these events decrease revenue and can also increase costs. in addition, increases in the frequency, severity or duration of thunderstorms, hurricanes, typhoons or other severe weather events, including from changes in the global climate, could result in increases in delays and cancellations, turbulence-related injuries and fuel consumption to avoid such weather, any of which could result in loss of revenue and higher costs. in addition, demand for air travel is typically higher in the june and september quarters, particularly in our international markets, because there is more vacation travel during these periods than during the remainder of the year. the seasonal shifting of demand causes our financial results to vary on a seasonal basis. because of fluctuations in our results from weather, natural disasters and seasonality, operating results for a historical period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for a future period and operating results for an interim period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year.
an extended disruption in services provided by third parties, including third-party regional carriers, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we utilize the services of third parties in a number of areas in support of our operations that are integral to our business, including third-party carriers in the delta connection program and ground operations at some airports. while we have agreements with these providers that define expected service performance, we do not have direct control over their operations. in particular, some third-party regional carriers are facing a shortage of qualified pilots due to government mandated increases in flight experience required for pilots working for airlines. if this shortage becomes more widespread, third-party regional carriers may not be able to comply with their obligations to us. to the extent that a significant disruption in services occurs because third party providers are unable to perform their obligations over an extended period of time, our revenue may be reduced or our expenses may be increased, resulting in a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our business and results of operations are dependent on the price of aircraft fuel. high fuel costs or cost increases, including in the cost of crude oil, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
our operating results are significantly impacted by changes in the price of aircraft fuel. over the last decade, fuel prices have increased substantially at times and have been highly volatile. in 2019, our average fuel price per gallon, including the impact of fuel hedges, was $2.02, an 8.2% decrease from our average fuel price in 2018. in 2018, our average fuel price per gallon was $2.20, a 31.0% increase from our average fuel price in 2017 of $1.68. fuel costs represented 21.1%, 23.0% and 19.2% of our operating expense in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
we acquire a significant amount of jet fuel from our wholly owned subsidiary, monroe, and through strategic agreements that monroe has with third parties. the cost of the fuel we purchase under these arrangements remains subject to volatility in the cost of crude oil and jet fuel. in addition, we continue to purchase a significant amount of aircraft fuel in addition to what we obtain from monroe. our aircraft fuel purchase contracts alone do not provide material protection against price increases as these contracts typically establish the price based on industry standard market price indices.
the competitive nature of the airline industry may affect our ability to pass along rapidly increasing fuel costs to our customers. in addition, because passengers often purchase tickets well in advance of their travel, a significant rapid increase in fuel price may result in the fare charged not covering that increase. at times in the past, we often were not able to increase our fares to offset fully the effect of increases in fuel costs, and we may not be able to do so in the future.
significant extended disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel, including from monroe, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and operating results.
weather-related events, natural disasters, political disruptions or wars involving oil-producing countries, changes in governmental policy concerning aircraft fuel production, transportation or taxes, changes in refining capacity, environmental concerns and other unpredictable events may impact crude oil and fuel supply and could result in shortages in the future. shortages in fuel supplies could have negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition.
because we acquire a large amount of our jet fuel from monroe, the disruption or interruption of production at the refinery could have an impact on our ability to acquire jet fuel needed for our operations. disruptions or interruptions of production at the refinery could result from various sources including a major accident or mechanical failure, interruption of supply or delivery of crude oil, work stoppages relating to organized labor issues, or damage from severe weather or other natural or man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism. if the refinery were to experience an interruption in operations, disruptions in fuel supplies could have negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, the financial benefits from the operation of the refinery could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost production and repair costs.
if monroe's cost of producing non-jet fuel products exceeds the value it receives for those products, the financial benefits we expect to achieve through the ownership of the refinery and our consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
an environmental or other incident associated with the operation of the monroe refinery could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results if insurance is unable to cover a significant liability. in addition, such an incident could damage our reputation.
monroe's refining operations are subject to various hazards unique to refinery operations, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions and natural catastrophes. monroe could incur substantial losses, including cleanup costs, fines and other sanctions and third-party claims, and its operations could be interrupted, as a result of such an incident. monroe's insurance coverage does not cover all potential losses, costs or liabilities, and monroe could suffer losses for uninsurable or uninsured risks or in amounts greater than its insurance coverage. in addition, monroe's ability to obtain and maintain adequate insurance may be affected by conditions in the insurance market over which it has no control. if monroe were to incur a significant liability for which it is not fully insured or for which insurance companies do not or are unable to provide coverage, this could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results of operations or consolidated financial position. in addition, because of our ownership of monroe, the occurrence of an environmental or other incident could result in damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
the operation of the refinery by monroe is subject to significant environmental regulation. failure to comply with environmental regulations or the enactment of additional regulation could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results.
monroe's operations are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures and greenhouse gas emissions. monroe could incur fines and other sanctions, cleanup costs and third-party claims as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental, health and safety requirements, which if significant, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results. in addition, the enactment of new environmental laws and regulations, including any laws or regulations relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could significantly increase the level of expenditures required for monroe or restrict its operations.
in particular, under the energy independence and security act of 2007, the epa has adopted rfs that mandate the blending of renewable fuels into transportation fuels. rins are assigned to renewable fuels produced or imported into the u.s. that are blended into transportation fuels to demonstrate compliance with this obligation. a refinery may meet its obligation under rfs by blending the necessary volumes of renewable fuels with transportation fuels or by purchasing rins in the open market or through a combination of blending and purchasing rins.
because monroe blends only a small amount of renewable fuels, it must purchase the majority of its rins requirement in the secondary market or obtain a waiver from the epa. as a result, monroe is exposed to the market price of rins. market prices for rins have been volatile, marked by periods of sharp increases and decreases. we cannot predict the future prices of rins. purchasing rins at elevated prices could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
existing laws or regulations could change, and the minimum volumes of renewable fuels that must be blended with refined petroleum products may increase. increases in the volume of renewable fuels that must be blended into monroe's products could limit the refinery's production if sufficient numbers of rins are not available for purchase or relief from this requirement is not obtained, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results.
if we lose senior management and other key employees and they are not replaced by individuals with comparable skills, our operating results could be materially adversely affected.
we are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of our officers and other key employees to design and execute our business plans. if we experience a substantial turnover in our leadership and other key employees, and these persons are not replaced by individuals with comparable skills, our performance could be materially adversely impacted. furthermore, we may be unable to attract and retain additional qualified executives as needed in the future.
we operate in a highly visible, public environment with significant exposure to traditional and social media. adverse publicity, whether justified or not, can rapidly spread, including through social or digital media. in particular, passengers can use social media to provide feedback about their interaction with us in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. to the extent we are unable to respond timely and appropriately to adverse publicity, our brand and reputation may be damaged. significant damage to our overall reputation and brand image could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
risk factors relating to the airline industry terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security events may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security events, or fear of any of these events, could have a significant adverse effect on our business. despite significant security measures at airports and airlines, the airline industry remains a high profile target for terrorist groups. we constantly monitor threats from terrorist groups and individuals, including from violent extremists both internationally and domestically, with respect to direct threats against our operations and in ways not directly related to the airline industry. in addition, the impact on our operations of avoiding areas of the world, including airspace, in which there are geopolitical conflicts and the targeting of commercial aircraft by parties to those conflicts can be significant. security events, primarily from external sources but also from potential insider threats, also pose a significant risk to our passenger and cargo operations. these events could include random acts of violence and could occur in public areas that we cannot control.
terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security events, or fear of any of these events, even if not made directly on or involving the airline industry, could have significant negative impact on us by discouraging passengers from flying, leading to decreased ticket sales and increased refunds. in addition, potential costs from these types of events include increased security costs, impacts from avoiding flight paths over areas in which conflict is occurring, reputational harm and other costs. if any or all of these types of events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the global airline industry is highly competitive and, if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially adversely affected.
the airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), services, products, customer service and loyalty programs. consolidation in the airline industry, the rise of subsidized government sponsored international carriers, changes in international alliances and the creation of immunized joint ventures have altered and will continue to alter the competitive landscape in the industry, resulting in the formation of airlines and alliances with increased financial resources, more extensive global networks and competitive cost structures.
our domestic operations are subject to competition from traditional network carriers, including american airlines and united airlines, national point-to-point carriers, including alaska airlines, jetblue airways and southwest airlines, and other discount or ultra low-cost carriers, including spirit airlines, frontier airlines and allegiant air, some of which may have lower costs than we do and provide service at low fares to destinations served by us. point-to-point, discount and ultra low-cost carriers place significant competitive pressure on network carriers in the domestic market. in particular, we face significant competition at our domestic hubs and key airports either directly at those airports or at the hubs of other airlines that are located in close proximity to our hubs and key airports. we also face competition in smaller to medium-sized markets from regional jet operations of other carriers. our ability to compete in the domestic market effectively depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a competitive cost structure. if we cannot maintain our costs at a competitive level, then our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
our international operations are subject to competition from both foreign and domestic carriers. competition from government-owned and subsidized carriers in the gulf region, including emirates, etihad airways and qatar airways, is significant. these carriers have large numbers of international widebody aircraft on order and have increased service to the u.s. these carriers are government-subsidized, which has allowed them to grow quickly, reinvest in their product and expand their global presence at the expense of u.s. airlines.
through alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements with foreign carriers, u.s. carriers have increased their ability to sell international transportation, such as services to and beyond traditional european and asian gateway cities. similarly, foreign carriers have obtained increased access to interior u.s. passenger traffic beyond traditional u.s. gateway cities through these relationships. in addition, several joint ventures among u.s. and foreign carriers have received grants of antitrust immunity allowing the participating carriers to coordinate schedules, pricing, sales and inventory.
increased competition in both the domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports in which we operate or the extended grounding of a type of aircraft or engine we operate could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
the airline industry is heavily dependent on business models that concentrate operations in major airports in the united states and throughout the world. an extended interruption or disruption at an airport where we have significant operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
similarly, the airline industry is heavily dependent on a limited number of aircraft and engine manufacturers whose products are subject to extensive regulatory requirements. the long-term grounding of an aircraft or engine type that we operate could have a significant impact on our operations if we are not able to substitute or replace the affected aircraft or engine type and could, in any event, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
the airline industry is subject to extensive government regulation, and new regulations may increase our operating costs.
airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements that result in significant costs. for instance, the faa from time to time issues directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that necessitate significant expenditures. we expect to continue incurring significant expenses to comply with the faa's regulations.
other laws, regulations, taxes and airport rates and charges have also been imposed from time to time that significantly increase the cost of airline operations or reduce revenues. the industry is heavily taxed. additional taxes and fees, if implemented, could negatively impact our results of operations.
airport slot access is subject to government regulation and changes in slot regulations or allocations could impose a significant cost on the airlines operating in airports subject to such regulations or allocations. in addition, the failure of the federal government to upgrade the u.s. air traffic control system has resulted in delays and disruptions of air traffic during peak travel periods in certain congested markets. the failure to improve the air traffic control system could lead to increased delays and inefficiencies in flight operations as demand for u.s. air travel increases, having a material adverse effect on our operations. failure to update the air traffic control system in a timely manner, and the substantial funding requirements of an updated system that may be imposed on air carriers, may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
as an international carrier, we are subject to a wide variety of u.s. and foreign laws that affect trade, including tariff and trade policies, export requirements, taxes, monetary policies and other restrictions and charges. on october 2, 2019, an arbitration tribunal of the world trade organization ruled in a long-standing dispute that the united states could impose $7.5 billion in retaliatory tariffs in response to european union subsidies to airbus. effective october 18, 2019, the u.s. trade representative imposed tariffs on certain products imported from the european union, including an ad valorem duty of 10% on commercial aircraft originating in france and germany. some of the airbus aircraft that we have on order would be subject to these tariffs if imported as new aircraft. we are pursuing strategies to minimize the impact of these tariffs on our aircraft deliveries but if we are unsuccessful or if the tariffs are increased, these tariffs could substantially increase the cost to us of the affected aircraft, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
in addition, some of our operations are in high-risk legal compliance environments. failure to comply with trade sanctions, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other applicable laws or regulations could result in litigation, assessment of damages, imposition of penalties or other consequences, any or all of which could harm our reputation and have an adverse effect on our financial results.
we and other u.s. carriers are subject to u.s. and foreign laws regarding privacy of passenger and employee data that are not consistent in all countries in which we operate. in addition to the heightened level of concern regarding privacy of passenger data in the u.s., certain european government agencies have recently updated privacy regulations applicable to private industry, including airlines. ongoing compliance with these evolving regulatory regimes is expected to result in additional operating costs and could have a material adverse effect on our operations and any future expansion.
the airline industry is subject to many forms of environmental regulation, including increased regulation to reduce emissions. failure to comply with environmental regulations or the enactment of additional regulation could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
many aspects of our operations are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws governing the protection of the environment. compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures and violations can lead to significant fines and penalties.
future regulatory action concerning climate change, aircraft emissions and noise emissions could have a significant effect on the airline industry. in order to address aircraft emissions, icao, a un specialized agency, formally adopted a global, market-based emission offset program known as corsia. this program establishes a medium-term goal for the aviation industry of achieving carbon-neutral growth in international aviation beginning in 2021, based on a 2019-2020 baseline. certain corsia program details remain to be developed and could potentially be affected by political developments in participating countries or the results of the pilot phase of the program, and thus the impact of corsia cannot be fully predicted. however, corsia is expected to increase operating costs for airlines that operate internationally.
in addition to corsia, we may face additional regulation of aircraft emissions in the u.s. and abroad and become subject to further taxes, charges or additional requirements to obtain permits or purchase allowances or emission credits for greenhouse gas emissions in various jurisdictions. additional regulation could result in taxation, regulatory or permitting requirements from multiple jurisdictions for the same operations and significant costs for us and the airline industry. in addition to direct costs, such regulation could result in increased fuel costs passed through from fuel suppliers affected by any such regulations. while the specific nature of future actions is hard to predict, new laws or regulations related to environmental matters adopted in the u.s. or other countries could impose significant additional costs on our operations.
because of the global nature of our business, unfavorable global economic conditions or volatility in currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
as a result of the discretionary nature of air travel, the airline industry has been cyclical and particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. because we operate globally, with approximately 30% of our revenues from operations outside of the u.s., our business is subject to economic conditions throughout the world. during periods of unfavorable or volatile economic conditions in the global economy, demand for air travel can be significantly impacted as business and leisure travelers choose not to travel, seek alternative forms of transportation for short trips or conduct business using technological alternatives. if unfavorable economic conditions occur, particularly for an extended period, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. in addition, significant or volatile changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies, and the imposition of exchange controls or other currency restrictions, may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial conditions and results of operations.
economic conditions following the united kingdom's exit from the european union could have a material adverse effect on our business.
following a referendum in june 2016 in which voters in the u.k. approved an exit (often referred to as brexit) from the european union, the u.k.'s withdrawal became effective on january 31, 2020. a transition period will apply until the end of 2020 (or later, if extended) during which the pre-brexit legal regime will continue to apply (including with respect to aviation) while the u.k. and european union negotiate rules that will apply to their future relationship. it is unknown how that future relationship will be structured. regardless of what happens between the u.k. and european union, the u.s. - european union open skies air services agreement will continue to apply to air services between the u.s. and the european union and a new u.s.-u.k. open skies agreement will apply to air services between the u.s. and the u.k.
currently, it is uncertain what will be the terms of the future relationship between the u.k. and the european union on matters such as trade, customs, financial services and the movement of goods and people. furthermore, post-brexit ambiguity or changes in regulations could diminish the value of route authorities, slots or other assets owned by us or our joint venture partners and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations and financial condition.
the rapid spread of contagious illnesses can have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
the rapid spread of a contagious illness such as a novel coronavirus, or fear of such an event, can have a material adverse effect on the demand for worldwide air travel and therefore have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. as a result of the outbreak of a novel coronavirus first identified in wuhan, hubei province, china, we have temporarily ceased operations in china and the continued spread of the virus could have a significant adverse impact on the demand for air travel and, as a result, our financial results. moreover, our operations could be negatively affected if employees are quarantined as the result of exposure to a contagious illness. similarly, travel restrictions or operational issues resulting from the rapid spread of contagious illnesses in a part of the world in which we have significant operations may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this section of this form 10-k does not address certain items regarding the year ended december 31, 2017. discussion and analysis of 2017 and year-to-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 not included in this form 10-k can be found in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
year in review delta had a strong year in 2019, delivering record financial results and making significant progress on strategic priorities. we leveraged our brand momentum to drive strong revenue growth and improvement in pre-tax income, margin, earnings per share and free cash flow over 2018. strategic accomplishments during the year include our renewed agreement with american express and announcing plans to enter into a strategic alliance with latam.
our pre-tax income for 2019 was $6.2 billion, representing a $1 billion, or 20%, increase compared to the prior year. diluted earnings per share of $7.30 improved 29% over 2018. our $8.4 billion of cash flows from operations helped fund $4.9 billion in capital expenditures, resulting in free cash flow of $4.2 billion, representing a $1.8 billion improvement to the prior year. we returned 72% of free cash flow, or $3 billion, to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. the improvement in earnings and cash flow primarily resulted from a $2.6 billion increase in revenue and lower fuel expense on an 8% decrease in the market price per gallon of fuel and improved fuel efficiency.
we continued to run the world's most reliable airline and set a new record for zero cancel days with 165 cancel-free days across the system and 281 on our mainline operations. industry-leading operational performance, our culture of service and continued product investments supported record customer satisfaction scores. in 2019, we increased net promoter scores in every geographic region, highlighted by a 5-point improvement in the domestic region to 50%.
strong brand drives revenue growth compared to 2018, our operating revenue increased $2.6 billion, or 5.8%, on balanced growth across our diverse revenue streams, with premium product ticket revenue driving nearly half of the improvement, and strong growth in both loyalty and mro revenue. total revenue per available seat mile ("trasm") and trasm, adjusted (a non-gaap financial measure) increased 1.2% and 2.8%, respectively, compared to the prior year, led by (1) unit revenue growth in our domestic and latin regions, (2) demand strength in both business and leisure segments and (3) strong growth in premium products and non-ticket revenues. total loyalty revenue grew 18% in 2019.
solid cost performance operating expense. operating expense increased $1.2 billion, or 3.1%, primarily due to higher revenue- and capacity-related expenses including wages and profit sharing for employees and contracted services expense. salaries and related costs were higher due to pay rate increases for eligible employees implemented during 2019, while profit sharing was higher due to increased profitability in 2019. the increase in contracted services expense predominantly relates to services performed by delta global services ("dgs") that were recorded in salaries and related costs prior to the sale of that business in december 2018. these increases were partially offset by lower fuel expense on an 8% decrease in the market price per gallon of fuel and improved fuel efficiency driven by our ongoing fleet transformation.
our operating cost per available seat mile ("casm") decreased 1.3% to 14.67 cents compared to 2018, primarily due to lower fuel expense and a 4.6% increase in capacity. non-fuel unit costs ("casm-ex", a non-gaap financial measure) increased 2.0% to 10.52 cents due to the higher revenue- and capacity-related expense increases discussed above.
non-operating expense. total non-operating expense was $420 million during 2019 compared to $113 million in 2018, primarily due to an increase in pension and related expense compared to the prior year, partially offset by higher gains on investments.
expanding our global network in 2019, international revenues grew 2.7% on a 3.3% increase in capacity. we continued to make significant progress in expanding our global reach by acquiring an equity stake in hanjin-kal, the largest shareholder of korean air, and announcing plans to enter into a strategic alliance with latam and completing a tender offer to acquire a 20% equity stake which closed in january 2020. effective in january 2020, we combined our separate transatlantic joint venture agreements with air france-klm and virgin atlantic into a single three-party transatlantic joint venture. in addition, we continue to make progress on our joint venture agreement with westjet with respect to trans-border routes between the u.s. and canada. this agreement remains subject to required regulatory approvals.
investing for the future our $8.4 billion of cash flows from operations helped fund $4.9 billion in capital expenditures for the business. as part of our multi-year fleet transformation, we took delivery of 88 new aircraft, including a321-200s, b-737-900ers, a350-900s, a330-900s, a220-100s and crj-900s. these deliveries allowed for the retirement of older, less fuel efficient aircraft, including the announced retirement of our md-90 fleet by the end of 2022. we also made significant investments in cabin interior refurbishments, sky clubs and technology.
the non-gaap financial measures free cash flow, trasm, adjusted and casm-ex used above, are defined and reconciled in "supplemental information" below.
results of operations operating revenue year ended december 31,                          increase   % increase
ticket - business cabin and premium products          14,989            13,754             1,235             9.0     %
travel-related services                                2,469             2,154               315            14.6     %
total operating revenue                              $47,007           $44,438            $2,569             5.8     %
third-party refinery sales(1)                         (0.04)            (0.21)              0.17              nm dgs sale adjustment(1)                                     -            (0.09)              0.09              nm trasm, adjusted (cents)                                17.03     ¢       16.57     ¢        0.46   ¢         2.8     %
(1)for additional information on adjustments to trasm, see "supplemental information" below.
passenger revenue ticket revenues, including both main cabin and business cabin and premium products increased $2.0 billion compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. business cabin and premium products ticket revenue includes revenues from fare products other than main cabin, including delta one, delta premium select, first class and comfort+. the growth in ticket revenue was driven by strength in the delta brand and products, capitalizing on healthy industry business and leisure demand. we continue to take delivery of new aircraft that include more premium seats, while also generating higher paid load factor for premium products.
loyalty travel awards revenue increased $249 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 due to growth in mileage redemptions. travel-related services increased $315 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 primarily due to increases in checked baggage and ticket change revenues.
(in millions)                      year ended december 31, 2019       passenger revenue       rpms (traffic)         asms (capacity)       passenger mile yield          prasm                   load factor domestic                                    $30,367                         7.8       %           6.8      %             5.3       %               1.0        %       2.4    %       1.2        pts atlantic                                      6,381                         3.5       %           4.8      %             4.4       %             (1.3)        %     (0.9)    %       0.4        pts latin america                                 3,002                         4.0       %         (0.1)      %           (0.9)       %               4.0        %       4.9    %       0.7        pts pacific                                       2,527                       (0.6)       %           3.5      %             5.0       %             (4.0)        %     (5.3)    %     (1.2)        pts total passenger revenue                     $42,277                         6.3       %           5.5      %             4.6       %               0.8        %       1.7    %       0.8        pts passenger revenue increased $2.5 billion, or 6.3%, compared to the prior year. prasm increased 1.7% and passenger mile yield increased 0.8% on 4.6% higher capacity. load factor increased 0.8 pts from the prior year to 86.3%.
domestic unit revenue increased 2.4%, resulting from our commercial initiatives, including our premium products, as well as high load factors driven by a combination of strong demand and limited industry capacity growth.
passenger revenue related to our international regions increased 2.7% year-over-year primarily due to capacity growth in the atlantic region and yield strength in the latin america region. this growth in passenger revenue was achieved despite the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
atlantic unit revenues decreased due to foreign currency fluctuations between the u.s. dollar and the euro and british pound, the uncertain economic outlook in europe and increased industry capacity. these conditions were partially offset by growth in premium product demand and strong u.s. point of sale.
unit revenue increased in latin america principally as a result of yield growth, mainly due to reduced industry capacity in brazil and improvements in mexico beach markets. in the september 2019 quarter we announced our plan to enter into a strategic alliance with latam, which is expected to provide great customer convenience, a more seamless travel experience and to better connect customers between north and south america.
unit revenue decreased in the pacific region primarily on persistent economic and trade related uncertainty, foreign currency fluctuations and increased capacity to china, japan and korea due to our network transformation. despite these challenges, our joint venture with korean air has enabled solid traffic growth and we have continued to reshape our pacific network with the announcements that in the march 2020 quarter we will transfer our u.s.-tokyo services from narita to haneda airport, tokyo's preferred airport for corporate customers, and shift our beijing service to the new beijing daxing airport.
starting in february 2020, we temporarily suspended flights between the u.s. and china as the result of an outbreak of a novel coronavirus originating in wuhan, hubei province, china. we have suspended flights between the u.s. and china through april 30, will continue to monitor the situation closely and may make additional adjustments.
ancillary businesses and refinery             1,297             1,801           (504)          (28.0)     %
loyalty program. loyalty program revenues relate primarily to brand usage by third parties and include the redemption of miles for non-travel awards.
effective january 1, 2019, we amended our co-brand agreement with american express, and we also amended other agreements with american express during the march quarter. the new agreements increase the value we receive and extend the terms to 2029. under the agreements, we sell miles to american express and allow american express to market its services or products using our brand and customer database. the products and services sold with the miles (such as award travel, priority boarding, baggage fee waivers, lounge access and the use of our brand) are consistent with previous agreements. we continue to use the accounting method that allocates the consideration received based on the relative selling prices of those products and services. the increase in loyalty program revenues are primarily related to brand usage by american express.
ancillary businesses and refinery. ancillary businesses and refinery includes aircraft maintenance provided to third parties, our vacation wholesale operations, our private jet operations and refinery sales to third parties. refinery sales to third parties, which are at or near cost, decreased $451 million compared to 2018. the 2018 results also included $244 million of third-party revenue from dgs, which was sold in december 2018. these decreases were mitigated by growth in our mro revenues, which increased $175 million to $877 million during 2019.
in january 2020, we combined delta private jets, our wholly owned subsidiary which provides private jet operations, with wheels up. upon closing, we received a 27% equity stake in wheels up. delta private jets will no longer be consolidated and annual revenues of approximately $200 million, which have historically been generated ratably through the year, will no longer be reflected in ancillary businesses and refinery revenue.
miscellaneous. miscellaneous revenue is primarily composed of lounge access and codeshare revenues, with lounge access revenue driving the majority of the $160 million increase compared to 2018. we continually enhance the customer experience at our lounges, which also included opening three new sky clubs during 2019 in austin, phoenix and new orleans.
operating expense year ended december 31,                          increase        % increase
contracted services                                          2,641             2,175               466            21.4     %
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs           1,751             1,575               176            11.2     %
profit sharing                                               1,643             1,301               342            26.3     %
passenger service                                            1,251             1,178                73             6.2     %
ancillary businesses and refinery                            1,245             1,695             (450)          (26.5)     %
total operating expense                                    $40,389           $39,174            $1,215             3.1     %
salaries and related costs. the increase in salaries and related costs is primarily due to pay rate increases for eligible employees. this increase is partially offset by salaries for dgs employees, which are no longer included in salaries and related costs following the sale of that business in december 2018. dgs-related expenses are now recorded in contracted services.
aircraft fuel and related taxes. fuel expense decreased $501 million compared to the prior year despite a 4.6% increase in capacity, due to an 8% decrease in the market price per gallon of fuel and improved fuel efficiency driven by our investment in new aircraft.
the table below shows the impact of hedging and the refinery on fuel expense and average price per gallon, adjusted (non-gaap financial measures):
fuel hedge impact                                           14                 (53)              67                             -            (0.01)                 0.01
refinery segment impact                                   (76)                 (58)       (18)                             (0.02)            (0.01)          (0.01)
mtm adjustments and settlements on hedges(3)              (14)                   53       (67)                                  -              0.01          (0.01)
(2)market price for jet fuel at airport locations, including related taxes and transportation costs.
(3)mtm adjustments and settlements on hedges include the effects of the derivative transactions disclosed in note 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. for additional information and the reason for adjusting fuel expense, see "supplemental information" below.
contracted services. the increase in contracted services expense predominantly relates to services performed by dgs that were recorded in salaries and related costs prior to the sale of that business in december 2018. during 2018, dgs incurred expenses of approximately $350 million related to internal delta services that were primarily recorded in salaries and related costs. after the sale of dgs to a third party, we now record these expenses and our portion of the new entity's ("airco") financial results under the equity method of accounting, in contracted services.
depreciation and amortization. the increase in depreciation and amortization primarily results from $79 million of accelerated depreciation due to the decision to early retire our md-90 fleet by the end of 2022, new aircraft deliveries, fleet modifications and technology enhancements. as we take delivery of new aircraft, we continue to evaluate our current fleet compared to network requirements. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the planned early retirement of our md-90 fleet.
in addition to investing in our fleet, we have also increased our technology investments in an effort to enhance interactions with our customers and allow us to deliver more personalized service, further enhancing the customer experience and strengthening our brand and competitive position. during 2019, we delivered several capabilities that enable our front-line employees to personalize their interactions with our customers, added self-service features on the flydelta app, including automatic international check-in, integrated security wait times and the ability to pre-select meals in delta one and domestic first class. in addition, we expanded facial recognition biometric boarding for international travelers in the atlanta, minneapolis-st. paul and salt lake city airports. these increased capital expenditures have led to a corresponding increase in depreciation and amortization.
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs. aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs consist of costs associated with the maintenance of aircraft used in our operations. the increase primarily relates to a higher volume of scheduled engine overhauls on certain aircraft during the second half of 2019.
profit sharing. profit sharing expense increased $342 million to $1.6 billion, marking the sixth consecutive year that delta employees will receive over $1 billion in recognition of their contributions to the company's performance. the increase in profit sharing is related to higher profit during the year. our profit sharing program pays 10% to all eligible employees for the first $2.5 billion of annual profit and 20% of annual profit above $2.5 billion.
ancillary businesses and refinery. ancillary businesses and refinery includes expenses associated with aircraft maintenance services we provide to third parties, our vacation wholesale operations, our private jet operations and refinery sales to third parties. expenses related to refinery sales to third parties, which are at or near cost, decreased $451 million compared to the prior year. in addition, approximately $200 million of costs related to services performed by dgs on behalf of third parties were recorded in ancillary businesses and refinery prior to the sale of that business in december 2018. these decreases were partially offset by growth in our mro business, as discussed above.
in january 2020, we combined delta private jets, our wholly owned subsidiary which provides private jet operations, with wheels up. upon closing, we received a 27% equity stake in wheels up. delta private jets will no longer be consolidated and annual costs of approximately $200 million, which have historically been incurred ratably through the year, will no longer be reflected in ancillary businesses and refinery expense.
non-operating results year ended december 31,                                           favorable (unfavorable)
total non-operating expense, net       $(420)            $(113)                          $(307)
interest expense. at december 31, 2018, the principal amount of debt and finance leases was $9.7 billion. during 2019, we issued $1.5 billion of unsecured notes and $500 million of aircraft secured eetc debt. as a result of the debt issuances, partially offset by principal payments, the amount of debt and finance leases was $11.0 billion at december 31, 2019. despite the increase in debt during the current year, interest expense decreased $10 million compared to the prior year due to recent refinancing transactions at lower interest rates resulting from our improvement to investment grade credit rating in recent years and the favorable interest rate environment.
miscellaneous. miscellaneous, net is primarily composed of pension and related expense, our proportionate share of earnings from our equity investments in virgin atlantic and grupo aeroméxico, charitable contributions and foreign exchange gains/(losses).
the change from 2019 compared to 2018 primarily results from the unfavorable movement in pension and related expense and the sale of our dgs entity in 2018. the pension and related expense was $65 million in 2019 compared to a benefit of $245 million in 2018. in 2018, the sale of our dgs entity to a subsidiary of argenbright holdings, llc resulted in a gain of $91 million.
our equity investment earnings and foreign exchange gains/(losses) fluctuate and thus impact the comparability of miscellaneous from period to period.
income taxes our effective tax rate for 2019 was 23.1%. we expect our annual effective tax rate to be between 23% and 24% for 2020. at december 31, 2019, we had approximately $1.9 billion of u.s. federal pre-tax net operating loss carryforwards, which do not begin to expire until 2027. we believe we will utilize the majority of our remaining federal net operating losses and tax credits during 2020.
for more information about our income taxes, see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
refinery segment the refinery primarily produces gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. monroe exchanges the non-jet fuel products the refinery produces with third parties for jet fuel consumed in our airline operations. the jet fuel produced and procured through exchanging gasoline and diesel fuel produced by the refinery provides approximately 200,000 barrels per day, or approximately 75% of our consumption, for use in our airline operations. we believe that the jet fuel supply resulting from the refinery's operation contributes to reducing the market price of jet fuel and thus lowers our cost of jet fuel compared to what it otherwise would be.
during the december 2018 quarter, the refinery completed a planned maintenance event ("turnaround") and did not produce any refined products for approximately 60 days. the turnaround was in accordance with the long-term maintenance plan for the facility to allow for the safe completion of major repairs and upgrades.
the refinery recorded operating revenues of $5.6 billion in 2019, compared to $5.5 billion in 2018. operating revenues in 2019 were primarily composed of $4.0 billion of non-jet fuel products exchanged with third parties to procure jet fuel, $1.1 billion of sales of jet fuel to the airline segment and $395 million of non-jet fuel product sales. refinery revenues increased compared to the prior year due to higher throughput and yields offset by lower costs of crude oil leading to lower pricing for associated refined products.
the refinery recorded operating income of $76 million and $58 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. the refinery's operating income in 2019 was higher primarily due to the 60 day cessation of operations during the turnaround in the december 2018 quarter and favorable market conditions year over year.
a refinery is subject to annual epa requirements to blend renewable fuels into the gasoline and on-road diesel fuel it produces. alternatively, a refinery may purchase renewable energy credits, called rins, from third parties in the secondary market. the refinery operated by monroe purchases the majority of its rins requirement in the secondary market. observable rins prices stabilized in 2019 after significant fluctuations in previous years, with monroe incurring $58 million in rins compliance costs during the current year.
for more information regarding the refinery's results, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
financial condition and liquidity we expect to meet our cash needs for the next 12 months with cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents and financing arrangements. as of december 31, 2019, we had $6.0 billion in unrestricted liquidity, consisting of $2.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $3.1 billion in undrawn revolving credit facilities. during 2019, we used existing cash and cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures of $4.9 billion, and return $3.0 billion to shareholders.
sources of liquidity operating activities cash flows from operating activities continue to provide our primary source of liquidity. we generated cash flows from operations of $8.4 billion in 2019 and $7.0 billion in 2018. we also expect to continue generating cash flows from operations in 2020.
our operating cash flows are impacted by the following factors:
seasonality of advance ticket sales. we sell tickets for air travel in advance of the customer's travel date. when we receive a cash payment at the time of sale, we record the cash received on advance sales as deferred revenue in air traffic liability. the air traffic liability increases during the winter and spring as advanced ticket sales grow prior to the summer peak travel season and decreases during the summer and fall months.
fuel. fuel expense represented approximately 21% of our total operating expenses for 2019. the market price for jet fuel is volatile, which can impact the comparability of our periodic cash flows from operations.
pension contributions. we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and retirees. these plans are closed to new entrants and are frozen for future benefit accruals. our funding obligations for these plans are governed by the employee retirement income security act, as modified by the pension protection act of 2006. we had no minimum funding requirements in 2019. however, during 2019, we voluntarily contributed $1 billion to these plans. we contributed $500 million to these plans during 2018. we have no minimum funding requirements in 2020, but we plan to voluntarily contribute approximately $500 million to these plans.
profit sharing. our broad-based employee profit sharing program provides that, for each year in which we have an annual pre-tax profit, as defined by the terms of the program, we will pay a specified portion of that profit to employees. in determining the amount of profit sharing, the program defines profit as pre-tax profit adjusted for profit sharing and certain other items.
we pay profit sharing annually in february. we paid $1.3 billion in 2019 and $1.1 billion in 2018 to our employees in recognition of their contributions toward meeting our financial goals. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded $1.6 billion in profit sharing expense based on 2019 pre-tax profit, which we will pay to employees in february 2020.
effective october 1, 2017, we aligned our profit sharing plans under a single formula. under this formula, our profit sharing program pays 10% to all eligible employees for the first $2.5 billion of annual profit and 20% of annual profit above $2.5 billion. prior to that time, the profit sharing program for pilots used this formula but in the first nine months of 2017, the profit sharing program for merit, ground and flight attendant employees paid 10% of annual profit and, if we exceeded our prior-year results, the program paid 20% of the year-over-year increase in profit to eligible employees.
investing activities capital expenditures. our capital expenditures were $4.9 billion in 2019 and $5.2 billion in 2018. our capital expenditures are primarily related to the purchase of aircraft, fleet modifications and technology enhancements.
as part of a multi-year initiative, we are investing in aircraft intended to provide more premium products, improved customer experience, greater fuel efficiency and better operating economics. we have committed to future aircraft purchases that will require significant capital investment and have obtained, but are under no obligation to use, long-term financing commitments for a substantial portion of the purchase price of a significant number of these aircraft. we expect that we will invest approximately $4.5 billion in 2020 primarily for aircraft, including deliveries and advance deposit payments, as well as aircraft modifications, the majority of which relate to cabin enhancements throughout our fleet. we expect that the investments in 2020 will be funded principally through cash flows from operations.
in october 2019, the office of the u.s. trade representative announced a 10% tariff on new aircraft imported from europe. we are evaluating the impact of this announcement on our future airbus deliveries.
equity investments. during 2019, we acquired 10% of the outstanding shares of hanjin-kal, the largest shareholder of korean air for $170 million.
in september 2019 we announced our plan to enter into a strategic alliance with latam airlines group s.a ("latam") as well as acquire up to a 20% interest through a tender offer. in january 2020 we acquired 20% of the shares of latam for $1.9 billion, or $16 per share.
in addition, to support the establishment of the strategic alliance, we will invest $350 million, $200 million of which was disbursed in 2019. an additional $50 million is scheduled to be disbursed during 2020. as part of our planned strategic alliance with latam, we have also agreed to acquire four a350 aircraft from latam and plan to assume ten of latam's a350 purchase commitments from airbus, with deliveries through 2025.
this alliance is expected to generate new growth opportunities, building upon delta's and latam's global footprint and joint ventures, including delta's existing partnership with aeroméxico. we have sold our gol ownership stake and are winding down our commercial agreements with gol to facilitate the formation of our strategic alliance with latam.
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our equity investments.
los angeles international airport ("lax") construction. we executed a modified lease agreement during 2016 with the city of los angeles ("the city") which owns and operates lax, and announced plans to modernize, upgrade and connect terminals 2 and 3 at lax. under the lease agreement, we have relocated certain airlines and other tenants from terminals 2 and 3 to terminals 5 and 6 and undertaken various initial projects to enable operations from terminals 2 and 3 during the project. we are now designing and constructing the redevelopment of terminal 3 and enhancement of terminal 2, which also includes rebuilding the ticketing and arrival halls and security checkpoint, construction of core infrastructure to support the city's planned airport people mover, ramp improvements and construction of a secure connector to the north side of the tom bradley international terminal. construction is expected to be completed by 2024.
under the lease agreement and subsequent project component approvals by the city's board of airport commissioners, the city has appropriated to date approximately $1.6 billion to purchase completed project assets. the lease allows for a maximum reimbursement by the city of $1.8 billion. costs we incur in excess of such maximum will not be reimbursed by the city.
a substantial majority of the project costs are being funded through the regional airports improvement corporation ("raic"), a california public benefit corporation, using an $800 million revolving credit facility provided by a group of lenders. the credit facility was executed during 2017 and amended in 2019 and we have guaranteed the obligations of the raic under the credit facility. loans made under the credit facility are being repaid with the proceeds from the city's purchase of completed project assets. using funding provided by cash flows from operations and/or the credit facility, we spent approximately $176 million on this project during 2019 and expect to spend approximately $240 million during 2020.
new york-laguardia redevelopment. as part of the terminal redevelopment project at laguardia airport, we are partnering with the port authority of new york and new jersey ("port authority") to replace terminals c and d with a new state-of-the-art terminal facility consisting of 37 gates across 4 concourses connected to a central headhouse. the terminal will feature a new, larger delta sky club, wider concourses, more gate seating and 30 percent more concessions space than the existing terminals. the facility will also offer direct access between the parking garage and terminal and improved roadways and drop-off/pick-up areas. the design of the new terminal will integrate sustainable technologies and improvements in energy efficiency. construction will be phased to limit passenger inconvenience and is expected to be completed by 2026.
in connection with the redevelopment, during 2017, we entered into an amended and restated terminal lease with the port authority with a term through 2050. pursuant to the lease agreement we will (1) fund (through debt issuance and existing cash) and undertake the design, management and construction of the terminal and certain off-premises supporting facilities, (2) receive a port authority contribution of $600 million to facilitate construction of the terminal and other supporting infrastructure, (3) be responsible for all operations and maintenance during the term of the lease and (4) have preferential rights to all gates in the terminal subject to port authority requirements with respect to accommodation of designated carriers. we currently expect our net project cost to be approximately $3.3 billion and we bear the risks of project construction, including any potential cost over-runs. using funding provided by cash flows from operations and/or financing arrangements, we spent approximately $562 million on this project during 2019 and expect to spend approximately $700 million during 2020.
in the december 2019 quarter, we opened concourse g, the first of the four new concourses housing seven of the 37 new gates. not only does this deliver the first direct impact to the delta passenger experience, it also represents the first major phasing milestone. this new concourse will allow us to vacate portions of the existing terminals which can then be demolished and made ready for the next phase of construction. the next major milestone will be the opening of the headhouse and concourse e, which is scheduled for 2022.
financing activities debt and finance leases. in february 2019, we entered into a $1 billion term loan issued by two lenders, which was subsequently repaid by the end of the june 2019 quarter. we used the net proceeds of the term loan to accelerate planned 2019 repurchases under our share repurchase program.
in the march 2019 quarter, we completed a $500 million offering of pass through certificates, series 2019-1 ("2019-1 eetc") through a pass through trust. the net proceeds of the offering were used for general corporate purposes, including to refinance debt maturing during 2019.
in october 2019 we issued $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes, consisting of $900 million of 2.9% notes due 2024 and $600 million of 3.75% notes due 2029 (collectively, the "notes"). we used the net proceeds from the offering of these notes to fund a portion of the tender offer to acquire common shares of latam in january 2020.
during 2019, the three major credit rating agencies reaffirmed our investment-grade ratings:
rating agency                 current rating       outlook fitch                         bbb-                 stable moody's                       baa3                 stable standard &amp; poor's         bbb-                 stable capital returns to shareholders. since first implementing our quarterly dividend in 2013, we have annually increased the dividend per share and paid $3.8 billion in total dividends, including $980 million in 2019. through dividends and share repurchases, we have returned $15.3 billion to shareholders since 2013, while reducing outstanding shares by approximately 25% compared to the beginning of 2013. during 2019, we repurchased and retired 38 million shares at a cost of $2.0 billion.
on february 6, 2020, the board of directors approved and we will pay a quarterly dividend of $0.4025 per share to shareholders of record as of february 20, 2020.
undrawn lines of credit we have $3.1 billion available in revolving lines of credit. these credit facilities include covenants customary for financing of this type. if we are not in compliance with these covenants, we may be required to repay amounts borrowed under the credit facilities or we may not be able to draw on them.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at december 31, 2019 that we expect will be paid in cash. the table does not include amounts that are contingent on events or other factors that are uncertain or unknown at this time, including legal contingencies, uncertain tax positions and amounts payable under collective bargaining arrangements, among others. in addition, the table does not include expected significant cash payments representing obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business that do not include contractual commitments.
the amounts presented are based on various estimates, including estimates regarding the timing of payments, prevailing interest rates, volumes purchased, the occurrence of certain events and other factors. accordingly, the actual results may vary materially from the amounts presented in the table.
operating lease obligations (see note 8)               1,031             913             825             803             738           4,293             8,603
employee benefit obligations (see note 10)               134             133             119             110             102           4,650             5,248
(1)for additional information, see the notes to the consolidated financial statements referenced in the table above.
finance and operating lease obligations. refer to note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding finance and operating leases.
aircraft purchase commitments. refer to the aircraft purchase commitments table in item 2 for additional information about our future aircraft purchases.
contract carrier obligations. represents our estimated minimum fixed obligations under capacity purchase agreements with third-party regional carriers. the reported amounts are based on (1) the required minimum levels of flying by our contract carriers under the applicable agreements and (2) assumptions regarding the costs associated with such minimum levels of flying.
employee benefit obligations. represents primarily (1) projected future benefit payments from our unfunded postretirement and postemployment plans and (2) our estimated minimum required funding for our qualified defined benefit pension plans based on actuarially determined estimates. for additional information about our defined benefit pension plan obligations, see "critical accounting policies and estimates."
other obligations. represents estimated purchase obligations under which we are required to make minimum payments for goods and services, including, but not limited to, aviation-related, maintenance, professional security, insurance, marketing, technology, sponsorships and other third-party services and products. this also includes obligations related to our investment in and planned strategic alliance with latam.
critical accounting policies and estimates our critical accounting policies and estimates are those that require significant judgments and estimates. accordingly, the actual results may differ materially from these estimates. for a discussion of these and other accounting policies, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
loyalty program our skymiles loyalty program generates customer loyalty by rewarding customers with incentives to travel on delta. this program allows customers to earn mileage credits ("miles") by flying on delta, delta connection and other airlines that participate in the loyalty program. when traveling, customers earn redeemable miles based on the passenger's loyalty program status and ticket price. customers can also earn miles through participating companies such as credit card companies, hotels, car rental agencies and ridesharing companies. to facilitate transactions with participating companies, we sell miles to non-airline businesses, customers and other airlines. miles are redeemable by customers in future periods for air travel on delta and other participating airlines, membership in our sky club and other program awards.
to reflect the miles earned, the loyalty program includes two types of transactions that are considered revenue arrangements with multiple performance obligations: (1) miles earned with travel and (2) miles sold to participating companies.
passenger ticket sales earning miles. passenger ticket sales earning miles under our loyalty program provide customers with (1) miles earned and (2) air transportation, which are considered performance obligations. we value each performance obligation on a standalone basis. to value the miles earned, we consider the quantitative value a passenger receives by redeeming miles for a ticket rather than paying cash, which is referred to as equivalent ticket value ("etv"). our estimate of etv is adjusted for miles that are not likely to be redeemed ("breakage"). we use statistical models to estimate breakage based on historical redemption patterns. a change in assumptions as to the actual redemption activity for miles or the estimated fair value of miles expected to be redeemed could have a material impact on our revenue in the year in which the change occurs and in future years. we recognize breakage proportionally during the period in which the remaining miles are actually redeemed.
at december 31, 2019, the aggregate deferred revenue balance associated with the skymiles program was $6.7 billion. a hypothetical 10% change in the number of outstanding miles estimated to be redeemed would result in an impact of approximately $200 million on annual revenue recognized.
we defer revenue for the miles when earned and recognize loyalty travel awards in passenger revenue as the miles are redeemed and transportation is provided. we record the air transportation portion of the passenger ticket sales in air traffic liability and recognize passenger revenue when we provide transportation or if the ticket goes unused. a hypothetical 10% increase in our estimate of the etv of a mile would decrease annual passenger revenue by approximately $100 million, as a result of an increase in the amount of revenue deferred from the mileage component of passenger ticket sales.
sale of miles. customers may earn miles based on their spending with participating companies such as credit card companies, hotels, car rental agencies and ridesharing companies with which we have marketing agreements to sell miles. our contracts to sell miles under these marketing agreements have multiple performance obligations. payments are typically due monthly based on the volume of miles sold during the period, and the terms of our marketing contracts are from one to eleven years. during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, total cash sales from marketing agreements were $4.2 billion and $3.5 billion, respectively, which are allocated to travel and other performance obligations, as discussed below.
our most significant contract to sell miles relates to our co-brand credit card relationship with american express. our agreements with american express provide for joint marketing, grant certain benefits to delta-american express co-branded credit card holders ("cardholders") and american express membership rewards program participants, and allow american express to market its services or products using our customer database. cardholders earn miles for making purchases using co-branded cards, and certain cardholders may also check their first bag for free, are granted discounted access to delta sky club lounges and receive priority boarding and other benefits while traveling on delta. additionally, participants in the american express membership rewards program may exchange their points for miles under the loyalty program. we sell miles at agreed-upon rates to american express which are then provided to their customers under the co-brand credit card program and the membership rewards program.
we account for marketing agreements, including those with american express, by allocating the consideration received to the individual products and services delivered. we allocate the value based on the relative selling prices of those products and services, which generally consist of award travel, priority boarding, baggage fee waivers, lounge access and the use of our brand. we determine our best estimate of the selling prices by using a discounted cash flow analysis using multiple inputs and assumptions, including: (1) the expected number of miles awarded and number of miles redeemed, (2) etv for the award travel obligation adjusted for breakage, (3) published rates on our website for baggage fees, discounted access to delta sky club lounges and other benefits while traveling on delta, (4) brand value (using estimated royalties generated from the use of our brand) and (5) volume discounts provided to certain partners.
effective january 1, 2019, we amended our co-brand agreement with american express, and we also amended other agreements with american express during the current year. the new agreements increase the value we receive and extend the terms to 2029. the products and services delivered are consistent with previous agreements, and we continue to allocate the consideration received based on the relative selling prices of those products and services.
we defer the amount for award travel obligation as part of loyalty program deferred revenue and recognize loyalty travel awards in passenger revenue as the miles are used for travel. revenue allocated to services performed in conjunction with a passenger's flight, such as baggage fee waivers, is recognized as travel-related services in passenger revenue when the related service is performed. revenue allocated to access delta sky club lounges is recognized as miscellaneous in other revenue as access is provided. revenue allocated to the remaining performance obligations, primarily brand value, is recorded as loyalty program in other revenue as miles are delivered.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets we apply a fair value-based impairment test to the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis (as of october 1) and, if certain events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred, on an interim basis. we assess the value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived assets under either a qualitative or quantitative approach. under a qualitative approach, we consider various market factors, including certain of the key assumptions listed below. we analyze these factors to determine if events and circumstances have affected the fair value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. if we determine that it is more likely than not that the asset may be impaired, we use the quantitative approach to assess the asset's fair value and the amount of the impairment. under a quantitative approach, we calculate the fair value of the asset incorporating the key assumptions listed below into our calculation.
when we evaluate goodwill for impairment using a quantitative approach, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit by considering both comparable public company multiples (a market approach) and projected discounted future cash flows (an income approach). when we perform a quantitative impairment assessment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, fair value is estimated based on (1) recent market transactions, where available, (2) the royalty method for the delta tradename (which assumes hypothetical royalties generated from using our tradename) or (3) projected discounted future cash flows (an income approach).
key assumptions. the key assumptions in our impairment tests include: (1) forecasted revenues, expenses and cash flows, (2) terminal period revenue growth and cash flows, (3) an estimated weighted average cost of capital, (4) assumed discount rates depending on the asset and (5) a tax rate. these assumptions are consistent with those that hypothetical market participants would use. because we are required to make estimates and assumptions when evaluating goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, actual transaction amounts may differ materially from these estimates. in addition, when performing a qualitative valuation, we consider the amount by which the intangible assets' fair values exceeded their respective carrying values in the most recent fair value measurements calculated using a quantitative approach.
changes in certain events and circumstances could result in impairment or a change from indefinite-lived to definite-lived. factors which could cause impairment include, but are not limited to, (1) negative trends in our market capitalization, (2) reduced profitability resulting from lower passenger mile yields or higher input costs (primarily related to fuel and employees), (3) lower passenger demand as a result of weakened u.s. and global economies, (4) interruption to our operations due to a prolonged employee strike, terrorist attack or other reasons, (5) changes to the regulatory environment (e.g., diminished slot access or additional open skies agreements), (6) competitive changes by other airlines and (7) strategic changes to our operations leading to diminished utilization of the intangible assets.
we assessed each of the above assumptions in our most recent impairment analyses. the combination of our most recently completed annual results and our projected revenues, expenses and cash flows more than offset any negative events and circumstances.
goodwill. our goodwill balance, which is related to the airline segment, was $9.8 billion at december 31, 2019. based upon our quantitative assessment of all relevant factors, including applicable factors noted in "key assumptions" above, we determined that the fair value of goodwill significantly exceeded the carrying value and, therefore, there was no indication that goodwill was impaired.
identifiable intangible assets. our identifiable intangible assets, which are related to the airline segment, had a net carrying amount of $5.2 billion at december 31, 2019, of which $5.1 billion related to indefinite-lived intangible assets. indefinite-lived assets are not amortized and consist primarily of routes, slots, the delta tradename and assets related to skyteam and collaborative arrangements. definite-lived assets consist primarily of marketing and maintenance service agreements.
in 2019, we performed quantitative assessments of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, including applicable factors noted in "key assumptions" above, and determined that there was no indication that the assets were impaired as the fair value of each asset exceeded its carrying value by at least 15%.
long-lived assets our flight equipment, which consists of aircraft and associated engines and parts, and other long-lived assets have a recorded value of $31.3 billion at december 31, 2019. this value is based on various factors, including the assets' estimated useful lives and salvage values. we review flight equipment and other long-lived assets used in operations for impairment losses when events and circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired. factors which could be indicators of impairment include, but are not limited to, (1) a decision to permanently remove flight equipment or other long-lived assets from operations, (2) significant changes in the estimated useful life, (3) significant changes in projected cash flows, (4) permanent and significant declines in fleet fair values and (5) changes to the regulatory environment. for long-lived assets held for sale, we discontinue depreciation and record impairment losses when the carrying amount of these assets is greater than the fair value less the cost to sell.
to determine whether impairments exist for aircraft used in operations, we group assets at the fleet-type level or at the contract level for aircraft operated by regional carriers (i.e., the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows) and then estimate future cash flows based on projections of capacity, passenger mile yield, fuel costs, labor costs and other relevant factors. if an asset group is impaired, the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the asset group's carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value. we estimate aircraft fair values using published sources, appraisals and bids received from third parties, as available.
as part of our ongoing fleet transformation, during 2019 we committed to accelerating the retirement of our md-90 fleet. this fleet will now be retired by the end of 2022, which is approximately two years earlier than previously planned. we evaluated the md-90 fleet and determined that the fleet was not impaired as the future cash flows from operation of the fleet through the updated retirement date significantly exceeded the carrying value. however, the decision to retire the fleet by 2022, including the permanent retirement of 35 aircraft during 2019, resulted in accelerated depreciation of $79 million during 2019, which is recorded in depreciation and amortization in our income statement.
defined benefit pension plans we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and retirees. these plans are closed to new entrants and frozen for future benefit accruals. as of december 31, 2019, the unfunded benefit obligation for these plans recorded on our balance sheet was $5.4 billion. we had no minimum funding requirements in 2019. however, during 2019, we voluntarily contributed $1 billion to these plans. we have no minimum funding requirements in 2020, but we plan to voluntarily contribute approximately $500 million to these plans. the most critical assumptions impacting our defined benefit pension plan obligations and net periodic benefit cost are the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and life expectancy.
weighted average discount rate. we determine our weighted average discount rate on our measurement date primarily by reference to annualized rates earned on high-quality fixed income investments and yield-to-maturity analysis specific to our estimated future benefit payments. we used a weighted average discount rate to value the obligations of 3.40% and 4.33% at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. our weighted average discount rate for net periodic benefit cost in each of the past three years has varied from the rate selected on our measurement date, ranging from 3.69% to 4.33%.
expected long-term rate of return. our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based primarily on plan-specific investment studies using historical market return and volatility data. modest excess return expectations versus some public market indices are incorporated into the return projections based on the actively managed structure of the investment programs and their records of achieving such returns historically. we also expect to receive a premium for investing in less liquid private markets. we review our rate of return on plan assets assumptions annually. our annual investment performance for one particular year does not, by itself, significantly influence our evaluation. the investment strategy for our defined benefit pension plan assets is to earn a long-term return that meets or exceeds our annualized return target while taking an acceptable level of risk and maintaining sufficient liquidity to pay current benefits and other cash obligations of the plan. this is achieved by investing in a globally diversified mix of public and private equity, fixed income, real assets, hedge funds and other assets and instruments. our weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets for net periodic benefit cost for the year ended december 31, 2019 was 8.97%.
the impact of a 0.50% change in these assumptions is shown in the table below:
change in assumption                          effect on 2020   effect on accrued pension benefit cost   pension liability at december 31, 2019
0.50% decrease in expected long-term rate of return on assets                     $78         million   $-
0.50% increase in expected long-term rate of return on assets                     $(78)       million   $-
life expectancy. changes in life expectancy may significantly impact our benefit obligations and future net periodic benefit cost. we use the society of actuaries ("soa") published mortality data and other publicly available information to develop our best estimate of life expectancy. the soa publishes updated mortality tables for u.s. plans and updated improvement scales. each year we consider updates by the soa in setting our mortality assumptions for purposes of measuring pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations.
funding. our funding obligations for qualified defined benefit plans are governed by the employee retirement income security act. the pension protection act of 2006 allows commercial airlines to elect alternative funding rules ("alternative funding rules") for defined benefit plans that are frozen. we elected the alternative funding rules under which the unfunded liability for a frozen defined benefit plan may be amortized over a fixed 17-year period and is calculated using an 8.85% discount rate until the 17-year period expires for all frozen defined benefit plans by the end of 2024.
while the pension protection act makes our funding obligations for these plans more predictable, factors outside our control continue to have an impact on the funding requirements. estimates of future funding requirements are based on various assumptions and can vary materially from actual funding requirements. assumptions include, among other things, the actual and projected market performance of assets, statutory requirements and demographic data for participants. for additional information, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
investments valued at net asset value ("nav") per share. on an annual basis we assess the potential for adjustments to the fair value of all investments. certain of our investments valued using nav as a practical expedient have a lag in the availability of data. this primarily applies to private equity, private equity-related strategies and real assets. we solicit valuation updates from the investment fund managers and use their information and corroborating data from public markets to determine any needed fair value adjustments.
recent accounting standards standards effective in future years credit losses. in 2016, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2016-13, "financial instruments-credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments." under this asu an entity is required to utilize an "expected credit loss model" on certain financial instruments, including trade and financing receivables. this model requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information and requires an entity to estimate expected credit losses over the lifetime of the asset. this standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2019. we do not expect adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. we will adopt the standard effective january 1, 2020.
recently adopted standards comprehensive income. in february 2018, the fasb issued asu no. 2018-02, "income statement-reporting comprehensive income (topic 220)." this standard provides an option to reclassify stranded tax effects within accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) ("aoci") to retained earnings due to the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate change in the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017. we adopted this standard effective january 1, 2019 with the election not to reclassify $1.2 billion of stranded tax effects, primarily related to our pension plans, from aoci to retained earnings.
supplemental information we sometimes use information ("non-gaap financial measures") that is derived from the consolidated financial statements, but that is not presented in accordance with gaap. under the u.s. securities and exchange commission rules, non-gaap financial measures may be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with gaap, but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to gaap results. reconciliations below may not calculate exactly due to rounding.
trasm, adjusted the following table shows a reconciliation of trasm (a gaap measure) to trasm, adjusted (a non-gaap financial measure). we adjust trasm for the following items to determine trasm, adjusted for the reasons described below
•third-party refinery sales. we adjust trasm for refinery sales to third parties because these revenues are not related to our airline segment. trasm, adjusted therefore provides a more meaningful comparison of revenue from our airline operations to the rest of the airline industry.
•dgs sale adjustment. because we sold dgs in december 2018, we have excluded the impact of dgs from 2018 results for comparability.
dgs sale adjustment                      -            (0.09)
casm-ex the following table shows a reconciliation of casm (a gaap measure) to casm-ex (a non-gaap financial measure). we adjust casm for the following items to determine casm-ex for the reasons described below:
•aircraft fuel and related taxes. the volatility in fuel prices impacts the comparability of year-over-year financial performance. the adjustment for aircraft fuel and related taxes allows investors to understand and analyze our non-fuel costs and year-over-year financial performance.
•ancillary businesses and refinery. we adjust for expenses related to aircraft maintenance we provide to third parties, our vacation wholesale operations, our private jet operations as well as refinery cost of sales to third parties. 2018 results also include staffing services performed by dgs. because these businesses are not related to the generation of a seat mile, we adjust for the costs related to these areas to provide a more meaningful comparison of the costs of our airline operations to the rest of the airline industry.
•profit sharing. we adjust for profit sharing because this adjustment allows investors to better understand and analyze our recurring cost performance and provides a more meaningful comparison of our core operating costs to the airline industry.
ancillary businesses and refinery            (0.45)            (0.64)
profit sharing                               (0.60)            (0.49)
free cash flow we present free cash flow because management believes this metric is helpful to investors to evaluate the company's ability to generate cash that is available for use for debt service or general corporate initiatives. adjustments include:
•net redemptions of short-term investments. net redemptions of short-term investments represent the net purchase and sale activity of investments and marketable securities in the period, including gains and losses. we adjust for this activity to provide investors a better understanding of the company's free cash flow generated by our operations.
•strategic investments. cash flows related to our investment in hanjin-kal, the largest shareholder of korean air, are included in our gaap investing activities. we adjust free cash flow for this activity to provide investors a better understanding of the company's free cash flow that is core to our operational performance.
•net cash flows related to certain airport construction projects and other. cash flows related to certain airport construction projects are included in our gaap operating activities and capital expenditures. we have adjusted for these items, which were primarily funded by cash restricted for airport construction, to provide investors a better understanding of the company's free cash flow and capital expenditures that are core to our operational performance in the periods shown.
net cash provided by operating activities                                           $8,425            $7,014
adjustments:
net redemptions of short-term investments                                            (206)             (621)
strategic investments                                                                  170                 -
glossary of defined terms asm - available seat mile. a measure of capacity. asms equal the total number of seats available for transporting passengers during a reporting period multiplied by the total number of miles flown during that period.
casm - (operating) cost per available seat mile. the amount of operating cost incurred per asm during a reporting period. casm is also referred to as "unit cost."
casm-ex - the amount of operating cost incurred per asm during a reporting period, adjusted for aircraft fuel and related taxes, ancillary businesses and refinery and profit sharing expenses.
free cash flow - represents the excess cash generated from operations after satisfying the investment needed to sustain and grow our business. the remaining funds are available to return to shareholders and other providers of capital.
passenger load factor - a measure of utilized available seating capacity calculated by dividing rpms by asms for a reporting period.
passenger mile yield or yield - the amount of passenger revenue earned per rpm during a reporting period.
prasm - passenger revenue per asm. the amount of passenger revenue earned per asm during a reporting period. prasm is also referred to as "unit revenue."
rpm - revenue passenger mile. one revenue-paying passenger transported one mile. rpms equal the number of revenue passengers during a reporting period multiplied by the number of miles flown by those passengers during that period. rpms are also referred to as "traffic."
trasm - total revenue per asm. the amount of total revenue earned per asm during a reporting period.