item 1a.   risk factors.
the following risks are considered the most significant to john deere's business based upon current knowledge, information and assumptions. this discussion of risk factors should be considered closely in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis beginning on page 22, including the risks and uncertainties described in the safe harbor statement on pages 24 - 26, and the notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page 38. these risk factors and other forward-looking statements that relate to future events, expectations, trends and operating periods involve certain factors that are subject to change, and important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. some of these risks and uncertainties could affect particular lines of business, while others could affect all of the company's businesses. although each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. the company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise this risk factors discussion, whether as a result of new developments or otherwise. the risks described in this annual report on form 10-k and the "safe harbor statement" in this report are not the only risks faced by the company.
international, national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies (particularly those related to or restricting global trade) and government farm programs and policies could significantly impair john deere's profitability and growth prospects.
international, national and regional laws, regulations and policies directly or indirectly related to or restricting the import and export of john deere's products, services and technology, including protectionist policies in particular jurisdictions or for the benefit of favored industries or sectors, could harm john deere's multinational business and subject john deere to civil and criminal sanctions for violations. john deere's profitability and growth prospects are tied directly to the global marketplace. restricted access to global markets impairs john deere's ability to export goods and services from its various manufacturing locations around the world, and limits the ability to access raw materials and high quality parts and components at competitive prices on a timely basis. trade restrictions, including withdrawal from or modification of existing trade agreements, the failure to ratify the united states-mexico-canada agreement, negotiation of new trade agreements, and imposition of new (and retaliatory) tariffs against certain countries or covering certain products, including developments in u.s.-china trade relations, could limit john deere's ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets and impair john deere's ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products and services. these trade restrictions, and changes in-or uncertainty surrounding-global trade policies may affect john deere's competitive position. furthermore, the ability to export agricultural and forestry commodities is critical to john deere's agricultural and forestry customers. policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices or those limiting the export or import of commodities could have a material adverse effect on the international flow of agricultural and other commodities that may result in a corresponding negative effect on the demand for agricultural and forestry equipment in many areas of the world. john deere's agricultural equipment sales could be especially harmed by such policies because farm income strongly influences sales of agricultural equipment around the world. furthermore, trade restrictions could impede those in developing countries from achieving a higher standard of living, which could negatively impact john deere's future growth opportunities arising from increasing global demand for food, fuel and infrastructure. additionally, changes in government farm programs and policies, including direct payment and other subsidies, can significantly influence demand for agricultural equipment. furthermore, sanctions and export controls imposed by the u.s. and other governments restricting or prohibiting transactions with certain persons, including financial institutions, to certain countries, or involving certain products expose john deere to potential criminal and civil sanctions. embargoes and sanctions laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to russia, venezuela, nicaragua and turkey. although john deere has a compliance program in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of import and export laws and sanctions, violations of these laws or sanctions could have an adverse effect on john deere's reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.
changes in government banking, monetary and fiscal policies could have a negative effect on john deere.
policies of the u.s. and other governments regarding banking, monetary and fiscal policies intended to promote or maintain liquidity, stabilize financial markets and/or address local deficit or structural economic issues may not be effective and could have a material impact on john deere's customers and markets. john deere's operations and results could also be impacted by financial regulatory reform that could have an adverse effect on the financial services segment and on john deere's customers by limiting their ability to enter into hedging transactions or to finance purchases of john deere products. government policies on spending can also affect john deere, especially the construction and forestry segment due to the impact of government spending on infrastructure development. john deere's operations, including those outside of the united states, may also be affected by non-u.s. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-u.s. financial institutions and markets.
changes in tax rates, tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a negative effect on john deere.
john deere is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. the company's domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. john deere's effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. if the company's effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of our taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, john deere's operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
changing worldwide demand for food and different forms of bio-energy could have an effect on the price of farm commodities and consequently the demand for certain john deere equipment and could also result in higher research and development costs related to changing machine fuel requirements.
changing worldwide demand for farm outputs to meet the world's growing food and bio-energy demands, driven in part by government policies and a growing world population, are likely to result in fluctuating agricultural commodity prices, which directly affect sales of agricultural equipment. lower farm commodity prices directly affect farm incomes, which could negatively affect sales of agricultural equipment. while higher commodity prices benefit john deere's crop-producing agricultural equipment customers, higher commodity prices also could result in greater feed costs for livestock and poultry producers which in turn may result in lower levels of equipment purchased by these customers. furthermore, changing bio-fuel demands may cause farmers to change the types or quantities of the crops they raise, with corresponding changes in equipment demands. finally, changes in governmental policies regulating bio-fuel utilization could affect commodity demand and commodity prices, demand for john deere's diesel-fueled equipment, and result in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards.
as john deere seeks to expand its business globally, growth opportunities may be impacted by greater political, economic and social uncertainty and the continuing and accelerating globalization of businesses could significantly change the dynamics of john deere's competition, customer base and product offerings.
john deere's efforts to grow its businesses depend to a large extent upon access to additional geographic markets, including, but not limited to, argentina, brazil, china, india and russia, and its success in developing market share and operating profitably in such markets. in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility, greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions and differing local customer product preferences and requirements than john deere's other markets. negative market conditions resulting from economic and political uncertainties in these and other countries could reduce customer confidence, resulting in declines in demand and increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could affect write-offs and provisions for credit losses. operating and seeking to expand business in a number of different regions and countries exposes john deere to multiple and potentially conflicting cultural practices, business practices and legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, property ownership rights, taxation, sanctions and export control requirements, repatriation of earnings and advanced technologies. expanding business operations globally also increases exposure to currency fluctuations which can materially affect the company's financial results. as these emerging geographic markets become more important to john deere, its competitors are also seeking to expand their production capacities and sales in these same markets. while john deere maintains a positive corporate image and its brands are widely recognized and valued in its traditional markets, the brands are less well known in some emerging markets which could impede john deere's efforts to successfully compete in these markets. although john deere is taking measures to adapt to these changing circumstances, john deere's reputation and/or business results could be negatively affected should these efforts prove unsuccessful.
john deere operates in highly competitive markets.
john deere operates in a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets. john deere competes worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. john deere competes on the basis of product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, customer service and price. aggressive pricing or other strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing delays or john deere's failure to price its products competitively could adversely affect john deere's business, results of operations and financial condition.
john deere's business results depend largely on its ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture and market products that meet customer demand.
john deere's ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers' anticipated preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality, at affordable prices, is critical to its success. this requires a thorough understanding of john deere's existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in potentially high-growth and emerging markets, including brazil, china, india and russia. failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices ahead of competitors could have a significant adverse effect on john deere's business.
negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for john deere's equipment and services, limit access to funding and result in higher funding costs.
the demand for john deere's products and services can be significantly reduced in an economic environment characterized by high unemployment, cautious consumer spending, lower corporate earnings, u.s. budget issues and lower business investment. negative or uncertain economic conditions causing john deere's customers to lack confidence in the general economic outlook can significantly reduce their likelihood of purchasing john deere's equipment. sustained negative economic conditions and outlook affect housing starts and other construction which dampens demand for certain construction equipment. john deere's turf operations and its construction and forestry business are dependent on construction activity and general economic conditions. decreases in construction activity and housing starts could have a material adverse effect on john deere's results of operations. if negative economic conditions affect the overall farm economy, there could be a similar effect on john deere's agricultural equipment sales. in addition, uncertain or negative outlook with respect to ongoing u.s. budget issues as well as general economic conditions and outlook can cause significant changes in market liquidity conditions. such changes could impact access to funding and associated funding costs, which could reduce the company's earnings and cash flows. additionally, the company's investment management activities could be adversely affected by changes in the equity and bond markets, which would negatively affect earnings.
in addition, demand for john deere's products and services can be significantly reduced by concerns regarding the diverse economic and political circumstances of the individual countries in the eurozone, the debt burden of certain eurozone countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations, uncertainty related to the anticipated withdrawal of the united kingdom from the european union, the risk that one or more other european union countries could come under increasing pressure to leave the european union, or the long term stability of the euro as a single common currency. persistent disparity with respect to the widely varying economic conditions within the individual countries in the eurozone, and its implications for the euro as well as market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect the value of the company's euro-denominated assets and obligations, have an adverse effect on demand for john deere's products and services in the eurozone and have an adverse effect on financial markets in europe and globally. more specifically, it could affect the ability of john deere's customers, suppliers and lenders to finance their respective businesses, to access liquidity at acceptable financing costs, if at all, and the availability of supplies and materials and on the demand for john deere's products.
the company's consolidated financial results are reported in u.s. dollars while certain assets and other reported items are denominated in the currencies of other countries, creating currency exchange and translation risk.
john deere operates in many areas of the world, involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. john deere is subject to currency exchange risk to the extent that its costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which john deere earns revenues.
additionally, the reporting currency for the company's consolidated financial statements is the u.s. dollar. certain of john deere's assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are denominated in other countries' currencies. those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are translated into u.s. dollars at the applicable exchange rates to prepare the company's consolidated financial statements. therefore, increases or decreases in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and those other currencies affect the value of those items as reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements, even if their value remains unchanged in their original currency. substantial fluctuations in the value of the u.s. dollar could have a significant impact on john deere's results.
because the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of john deere's sales worldwide, john deere's operations and financial results could be impacted materially should negative economic conditions affect the financial industry.
negative economic conditions can have an adverse effect on the financial industry in which the financial services segment operates. the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of john deere's sales worldwide. the financial services segment is exposed to the risk that customers and others will default on contractual obligations. the financial services segment may experience credit losses that exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. the financial services segment's inability to access funds at cost-effective rates to support its financing activities could have a material adverse effect on john deere's business. the financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital in order to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations and costs associated with engaging in diversified funding activities. additionally, negative market conditions could reduce customer confidence levels, resulting in declines in credit applications and increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could materially impact the financial services segment's write-offs and provision for credit losses. the financial services segment may also experience residual value losses that exceed its expectations caused by lower pricing for used equipment and higher than expected equipment returns at lease maturity.
john deere's equipment operations and financial services segments are subject to interest rate risks. changes in interest rates can reduce demand for equipment, adversely affect interest margins and limit the ability to access capital markets while increasing borrowing costs.
rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of john deere's customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for john deere equipment and customers' ability to repay obligations to john deere. in addition, credit market dislocations could have an impact on funding costs which are very important to john deere's financial services segment because such costs affect the segment's ability to offer customers competitive financing rates. while the company strives to match the interest rate characteristics of our financial assets and liabilities, changing interest rates could have an adverse effect on the company's net interest rate margin-the difference between the yield the company earns on its assets and the interest rates the company pays for funding, which could in turn affect the company's net interest income and earnings. actions by credit rating agencies, such as downgrades or negative changes to ratings outlooks, can affect the availability and cost of funding for the company and can increase the company's cost of capital and hurt its competitive position.
the potential loss of john deere intellectual property through trade secret theft, infringement of patents, trademark counterfeiting, or other loss of rights to exclusive use of john deere intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on the company. infringement of the intellectual property rights of others by deere may also have a material adverse effect on the company.
john deere relies on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secret laws, and confidentiality agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. in particular, we heavily rely on certain john deere trademarks, which contribute to john deere's identity and the recognition of its products and services, including but not limited to the "john deere" mark, the leaping deer logo, the "nothing runs like a deere" slogan, the prefix "jd" associated with many products, and the green and yellow equipment colors. these trademarks, as well as the many patents used in our products, are integral to the john deere business, and their loss could have a material adverse effect on the company.
additionally, third parties may initiate litigation to challenge the validity of our patents or allege that we infringe their patents. we may incur substantial costs if our competitors or other third parties initiate such litigation, or if we initiate any proceedings to protect our proprietary rights. if the outcome of any such litigation is unfavorable to us, our business could be adversely affected. similarly, disputes may arise regarding whether our products or technologies infringe the proprietary rights of others. any such infringement could cause third parties, including our competitors, to bring claims against us, resulting in significant costs, possible damages and substantial uncertainty.
john deere's global operations must comply with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the uk bribery act. these anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence government officials or private individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining a business advantage regardless of whether those practices are legal or culturally expected in a particular jurisdiction. although john deere has a compliance program in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of such laws, violations of these laws could result in criminal or civil sanctions and have an adverse effect on john deere's reputation, business and results of operations and financial condition.
john deere's business may be directly and indirectly affected by unfavorable weather conditions or natural calamities that reduce agricultural production and demand for agriculture and turf equipment.
poor or unusual weather conditions, particularly during the planting and early growing season, can significantly affect the purchasing decisions of john deere's customers, particularly the purchasers of agriculture and turf equipment. the timing and quantity of rainfall are two of the most important factors in agricultural production. insufficient levels of rain prevent farmers from planting new crops and may cause growing crops to die or result in lower yields. excessive rain or flooding can prevent planting from occurring at optimal times, and may cause crop loss through increased disease or mold growth. temperatures outside normal ranges can also cause crop failure or decreased yields, and may also affect disease incidence. temperature affects the rate of growth, crop maturity and crop quality. natural calamities such as regional floods, hurricanes or other storms, droughts, diseases and pests can have significant negative effects on agricultural and livestock production. the resulting negative impact on farm income can strongly affect demand for agricultural equipment. sales of turf equipment, particularly during the important spring selling season, can be dramatically impacted by weather. adverse weather conditions in a particular geographic region may adversely affect sales of some turf equipment. drought conditions can adversely affect sales of certain mowing equipment and unusually rainy weather can similarly cause lower sales volumes.
changes in the availability and price of certain raw materials, components and whole goods could result in production disruptions or increased costs and lower profits on sales of john deere products.
john deere requires access to various raw materials, components and whole goods at competitive prices to manufacture and distribute its products. changes in the availability and price of these raw materials, components and whole goods, which have fluctuated significantly in the past and are more likely to fluctuate during times of economic volatility, regulatory instability or change in import tariffs or trade agreements, can significantly increase the costs of production which could have a material negative effect on the profitability of the business, particularly if john deere, due to pricing considerations or other factors, is unable to recover the increased costs from its customers. john deere relies on suppliers to acquire raw materials, components and whole goods required to manufacture its products. certain components and parts used in john deere's products are available from a single supplier and cannot be alternatively sourced quickly. supply chain disruptions due to supplier financial distress, capacity constraints, trade barriers, labor shortages, business continuity, quality, delivery issues or disruptions due to weather-related or natural disaster events could affect john deere's operations and profitability.
john deere's operations, suppliers and customers are subject to and affected by increasingly rigorous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations of federal, state and local authorities in the u.s. and various regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over john deere's international operations. in addition, private civil litigation on these subjects has increased, primarily in the u.s.
enforcement actions arising from violations of environmental, health and safety laws or regulations can lead to investigation and defense costs, and result in significant fines or penalties. in addition, new or more stringent requirements of governmental authorities could prevent or restrict john deere's operations, or those of our suppliers and customers, require significant expenditures to achieve compliance and/or give rise to civil or criminal liability. there can be no assurance that violations of such legislation and/or regulations, or private civil claims for damages to property or personal injury arising from the environmental, health or safety impacts of john deere's operations, or those of our suppliers and customers, would not have consequences that result in a material adverse effect on john deere's business, financial condition or results of operations.
increasingly stringent engine emission regulations could impact john deere's ability to manufacture and distribute certain engines or equipment, which could negatively affect business results.
john deere's equipment operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction regulations throughout the world, including the european union's stage v standard. in addition, governmental agencies throughout the world are enacting more stringent laws and regulations to reduce off-road engine emissions. these laws and regulations are applicable to engines manufactured by john deere, including those used in john deere agriculture and construction and forestry equipment. john deere has incurred and continues to incur substantial research and development costs related to the implementation of these more rigorous laws and regulations. while john deere has developed and is executing comprehensive plans to meet these requirements, these plans are subject to many variables that could delay or otherwise affect john deere's ability to manufacture and distribute certain equipment or engines, which could negatively impact business results.
john deere may incur increased costs due to new or more stringent greenhouse gas emission standards designed to address climate change and could be further impacted by physical effects attributed to climate change on its facilities, suppliers and customers.
there is global scientific consensus that emissions of greenhouse gases (ghg) continue to alter the composition of earth's atmosphere in ways that are affecting and are expected to continue to affect the global climate. these considerations may lead to international, national, regional or local legislative or regulatory responses in the future. various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as companies in many business sectors, including john deere, are continuing to look for ways to reduce ghg emissions. the regulation of ghg emissions from certain stationary or mobile sources could result in additional costs to john deere in the form of taxes or emission allowances, facilities improvements and energy costs, which would increase john deere's operating costs through higher utility, transportation and materials costs. increased input costs, such as fuel and fertilizer, and compliance-related costs could also impact customer operations and demand for john deere equipment. because the impact of any future ghg legislative, regulatory or product standard requirements on john deere's global businesses and products is dependent on the timing and design of mandates or standards, john deere is unable to predict its potential impact at this time.
furthermore, the potential physical impacts of climate change on john deere's facilities, suppliers and customers and therefore on john deere's operations are highly uncertain and will be particular to the circumstances developing in various geographical regions. these may include long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability. these potential physical effects may adversely impact the demand for john deere's products and the cost, production, sales and financial performance of john deere's operations.
security breaches and other disruptions to john deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with john deere's operations and could compromise john deere's and its customers' and suppliers' information, exposing john deere to liability that would cause john deere's business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, john deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from dealers or other purchasers of john deere equipment and from customers of john deere's financial services operations. john deere uses information technology systems to record, process and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. additionally, john deere collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and the proprietary business information of john deere's customers and suppliers, as well as personally identifiable information of john deere's customers and employees, in data centers and on information technology networks. the secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to john deere's business operations and strategy. despite security measures and business continuity plans, john deere's information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee or supplier error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. the occurrence of any of these events could compromise john deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage john deere's reputation, which could adversely affect john deere's business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, as security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, we may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of our systems.
the legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. john deere collects personally identifiable information (pii) and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities. this data is subject to a variety of u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory or other governmental bodies. many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the european union, canada, and other relevant jurisdictions where we conduct business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of pii and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions. the european union general data protection regulation imposes stringent data protection requirements and provides significant penalties for noncompliance. new privacy laws will continue to come into effect around the world in 2020, with one of the most significant being the california consumer privacy act on january 1, 2020. any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations (including at newly acquired companies) could result in additional cost and liability to us or company officials, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect our business.
john deere's ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon the ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel.
john deere's continued success depends, in part, on its ability to identify, attract, motivate, train and retain qualified personnel in key functions. in particular, john deere is dependent on its ability to identify, attract, motivate, train and retain qualified personnel with the requisite education, background and industry experience. failure to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, whether as a result of an insufficient number of qualified applicants, difficulty in recruiting new personnel, or the allocation of inadequate resources to training, integration and retention of qualified personnel, could impair john deere's ability to execute its business strategy and could adversely affect john deere's business. in addition, while john deere strives to reduce the impact of the departure of employees, john deere's operations or ability to execute its business strategy may be impacted by the loss of personnel.
sustained increases in funding obligations under the company's pension plans may impair the company's liquidity or financial condition.
the company maintains certain defined benefit pension plans for certain employees, which impose funding obligations. the company uses many assumptions in calculating its future payment obligations under the plans. significant adverse changes in credit or market conditions could result in actual rates of returns on pension investments being lower than expected. the company may be required to make significant contributions to its pension plans in the future. these factors could significantly increase the company's payment obligations under the plans and adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
changes affecting the availability of the london interbank offered rate ("libor") may have consequences for john deere that cannot yet reasonably be predicted.
the company has outstanding debt, derivative and receivable transactions with variable interest rates based on libor. the libor benchmark has been subject of national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for calculation of libor after 2021. these reforms may cause libor to perform differently than in the past and libor may ultimately cease to exist after 2021. alternative benchmark rate(s) may replace libor and could affect the company's debt securities, derivative instruments, receivables, debt payments and receipts. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any changes to libor, any phase out of libor or any establishment of alternative benchmark rates. any new benchmark rate will likely not replicate libor exactly, which could impact our contracts which terminate after 2021. there is uncertainty about how applicable law, the courts or the company will address the replacement of libor with alternative rates on variable rate retail loan contracts and other contracts that do not include alternative rate fallback provisions. in addition, any changes to benchmark rates may have an uncertain impact on our cost of funds and our access to the capital markets, which could impact our results of operations and cash flows. uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes may also adversely affect the trading market for our securities.
john deere may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected.
from time to time, the company makes strategic acquisitions and divestitures or participates in joint ventures. acquisitions or joint ventures that the company has entered into, or may enter into in the future, may involve significant challenges and risks, including that the acquisitions or joint ventures do not advance our business strategy, or fail to produce satisfactory returns on our investment. the company may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with its operations, in applying internal control processes to these acquisitions, in managing strategic investments, and in assimilating new capabilities to meet the future needs of the company's business. integrating acquisitions is often costly and may require significant attention from management. furthermore, john deere may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or joint ventures, or the realized benefits may be significantly delayed. while our evaluation of any potential transaction includes business, legal, and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved, our due diligence reviews may not identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential risks of a particular acquisition or joint venture, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target's or joint venture partner's previous activities or costs associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target's or joint venture's products or services. we may decide to divest ourselves of acquired businesses if we determine any such divestiture is in the best interests of our shareholders, and our joint ventures may be terminated at or before their stated terms. divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may involve significant challenges and risks, including failure to advance our business strategy, costs or disruptions to the company, or negative effects on the company's product offerings, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. these divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may result in ongoing financial or legal involvement in the divested business, through indemnifications or other financial arrangements, such as retained liabilities, which could affect the company's future financial results.
the reallocation of radio frequency (rf) spectrums could disrupt or degrade the reliability of john deere's high precision augmented global positioning system (gps) technology, which could impair john deere's ability to develop and market gps-based technology solutions as well as significantly reduce agricultural and construction customers' profitability.
john deere's current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems, as well as its fleet management telematics solutions for construction equipment, depend upon the use of rf signals. these signals include, but are not limited to, gps signals, other gps-like satellite signals, augmented gps services and other rf equipment which link equipment, operations, owners, dealers and technicians. these radio services depend on frequency allocations governed by international and national agencies. any international or national reallocation of frequency bands, including frequency bands segmentation and band spectrum sharing, or other modifications concerning the regulation of frequency bands, could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of john deere's gps-based products, which could negatively affect john deere's ability to develop and market gps-based technology solutions. for john deere's agricultural customers, the inability to use high-precision augmented gps signals or other rf signals could result in lower crop yields and higher equipment maintenance, seed, fertilizer, fuel and wage costs. for construction customers, disrupting gps or rf applications could result in higher fuel and equipment maintenance costs, as well as lower construction design and project management efficiencies. these cost increases could significantly reduce customers' profitability and demand for john deere products.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
see the information under the caption "management's discussion and analysis" on pages 22 - 32.