item 1a. risk factors.
the following is a description of significant factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k and presented elsewhere by management from time to time. such factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and you should carefully consider them and not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, you should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all our potential risks or uncertainties. because of these and other factors, past performance should not be considered an indication of future performance.
if we fail to appropriately predict, price for and manage healthcare costs, the profitability of our products could decline, which could materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and underwriting criteria. total healthcare costs are affected by the number of individual services rendered, the cost of each service and the type of service rendered. numerous factors affecting the cost of healthcare may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage healthcare costs, as well as our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. these factors include, among others, changes in healthcare practices, demographic characteristics including the aging population, medical cost inflation, the introduction of new technologies, drugs and treatments, increased cost of individual services, increases in the cost and number of prescription drugs, clusters of high cost cases, increased use of services, including due to natural catastrophes or other large-scale medical emergencies or epidemics, and new treatment guidelines, new mandated benefits (such as the expansion of essential benefits coverage) or changes to other regulations impacting our business. relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of revenues can result in significant changes in our financial results.
generally, our premiums on commercial policies and medicaid contracts are fixed for a 12-month period and are determined several months prior to the commencement of the premium period. our revenue on medicare policies is based on bids submitted to cms six months prior to the start of the contract year. accordingly, the costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. existing medicaid contract rates are often established by the applicable state, and our actual costs may exceed those rates. although we base our commercial premiums and our medicare and medicaid bids, and our acceptance of state-established medicaid rates on our estimates of future medical costs over the fixed contract period, many factors, including those discussed above, may cause actual costs to exceed those estimated and reflected in premiums and bids.
relatively small differences between predicted and actual healthcare costs as a percentage of premium revenues can result in significant changes in our results of operations. although federal and state premium and risk adjustment mechanisms could help offset healthcare benefit costs in excess of our projections if our assumptions (including assumptions for
government premium and risk adjustment payments) utilized in setting our premium rates are significantly different than actual results, our income statement and financial condition could still be adversely affected.
in addition to the challenge of managing healthcare costs, we face pressure to contain premium rates. our customers may renegotiate their contracts to seek to contain their costs or may move to a competitor to obtain more favorable premiums. further, federal and state regulatory agencies may restrict or prevent entirely our ability to implement changes in premium rates. for example, we must submit data on all proposed rate increases to hhs for monitoring purposes on many of our products. in addition, the aca includes an annual rate review requirement to prohibit unreasonable rate increases, and our plans may be excluded from participating in the public exchanges if they are deemed to have a history of "unreasonable" rate increases. a limitation on our ability to increase or maintain our premium or reimbursement levels or a significant loss of membership resulting from our need to increase or maintain premium or reimbursement levels could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, the reserves that we establish for health insurance policy benefits and other contractual rights and benefits are based upon assumptions concerning a number of factors, including trends in healthcare costs, expenses, general economic conditions and other factors. to the extent the actual claims experience is unfavorable as compared to our underlying assumptions, our incurred losses would increase and future earnings could be adversely affected.
we are subject to significant government regulation, and changes or proposed changes in the regulation of our business by federal and state regulators may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our securities.
we are subject to significant state and federal regulation associated with many aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, licensing, premiums, marketing activities, provider contracting, access and payment standards, and corporate governance and financial reporting matters. in addition, ingeniorx is also subject to an increasing number of licensure, registration and other laws and accreditation standards that impact the business practices of a pharmacy benefit manager. we must identify, assess and respond to new laws and regulations, as well as comply with the various existing laws and regulations applicable to our business. further, the integration into our business of entities that we acquire, or the expansion of our business into new areas, may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including by subjecting us to laws and rules that did not previously apply to us.
changes in existing laws, rules and regulatory interpretation or future laws, rules, regulatory interpretations or judgments could force us to change how we conduct our business, affect the products we offer (and where we offer them), restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our costs, including operating, healthcare technology and administrative costs, restrict our ability to obtain new product approvals and implement changes in premium rates and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure and internal controls environment, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. in addition, legislative and/or regulatory policies or proposals that seek to manage the healthcare industry or otherwise impact our business may cause the market price of our securities to decrease, even if such policies or proposals never become effective.
our insurance, managed healthcare and hmo subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by regulatory authorities and agencies in each state in which they are licensed or authorized to do business, in addition to regulation by federal agencies. we are required to obtain and maintain insurance and other regulatory approvals to market certain of our products, to increase prices for certain regulated products and to consummate some of our acquisitions and dispositions. delays in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals, as well as future regulatory action by state or federal authorities could have a material adverse effect on the profitability or marketability of our health benefits or managed care products or on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, because of our participation in government-sponsored programs such as medicare and medicaid, many of our subsidiaries are also subject to regulation by cms and state medicaid agencies, and to changes in government regulations or policy with respect to, among other things, reimbursement levels, eligibility requirements, benefit coverage requirements and additional governmental participation, which could also adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, under insolvency or guaranty association laws in most states, insurance companies can be assessed for certain obligations to policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies. some states have similar
laws relating to hmos and other payers such as consumer operated and oriented plans (co-ops) established under the aca. the naic has amended the life and health insurance guaranty association model act, or naic model act, to expand the assessment base for long-term care products and to add hmos as members. we have experienced assessments in the past, and may experience assessments in the future as a result of other companies that fail to establish premiums sufficient to cover their costs. if the amended naic model act is adopted by the states, these changes could impact our assessments. any such assessment could expose us to the risk of paying a portion of an impaired or insolvent insurance company's claims through state guaranty associations. we are not currently able to estimate our potential financial obligations, losses, or the availability of potential offsets associated with potential guaranty association assessments; however, any significant increase in guaranty association assessments could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we expect state legislatures will continue to focus on healthcare delivery and financing issues. state ballot initiatives can also be put to voters that would substantially impair our operating environment. most states are very focused on how to manage and reduce their budgets and are exploring ways to mitigate cost increases. as such, some states have acted to reduce or limit increases to premium payments. others have enacted, or are contemplating, significant reform of their health insurance markets to include provisions affecting both public programs and privately-financed health insurance arrangements. if enacted into law, these state proposals could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, operations or financial condition.
a number of states in which we offer medicaid products have not opted for medicaid expansion under the aca, at least for the present time, and states frequently review public program eligibility. where states make changes to reduce eligibility, we could experience reduced medicaid enrollment and reduced growth opportunities. if future modifications to laws and regulations at the federal or state level result in reduced public enrollment, this could negatively impact our medicaid business.
additionally, from time to time, congress has considered, and may consider in the future, various forms of managed care reform legislation which, if adopted, could fundamentally alter the treatment of coverage decisions under erisa. there have been legislative attempts to limit erisa's preemptive effect on state laws and litigants' ability to seek damages beyond the benefits offered under their plans. if adopted, such limitations could increase our liability exposure, could permit greater state regulation of our operations, and could expand the scope of damages, including punitive damages, litigants could be awarded. while we cannot predict if any of these initiatives will ultimately become effective or, if enacted, what their terms will be, their enactment could increase our costs, expose us to expanded liability or require us to revise the ways in which we conduct business.
the ongoing changes to the aca and related laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
the ongoing changes in federal and state laws and regulations stemming from the aca, including the steps that have been taken to amend, repeal and limit the scope and application of the aca, continue to represent significant challenges to the u.s. healthcare system. we are unable to predict how these events will ultimately be resolved and what the potential impact may be on our business, including, but not limited to, our products, services, processes and technology, and on our relationships with current and future customers and healthcare providers. the legal challenges regarding the aca, including a federal district court decision invalidating the aca in its entirety, which judgment has been stayed pending appeal, continue to contribute to this uncertainty, which could significantly impact the market for our products, the regulations applicable to us and the fees and taxes payable by us. in addition, the aca imposes significant fees, assessments and taxes on us and other health insurers, health plans and other industry participants, including the annual non-tax deductible hip fee; however, the hip fee has been permanently repealed beginning january 1, 2021. further regulations and modifications to the aca at the federal or state level, including any judicial invalidation of the aca, could have significant effects on our business and future operations, some of which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in general, the risk pool for the individual market, which includes public exchange markets, has become less healthy since its inception in 2014. in addition, insurers have faced uncertainties related to federal government funding for various aca programs. based on our experience in public exchange markets to date, we have made adjustments to our premium rates and geographic participation, and will continue to evaluate the performance of our public exchange plans, the future viability of the public exchanges and availability of federal subsidies, and may make further adjustments to our rates and
participation going forward. these factors may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations if premiums are not adequate or do not appropriately reflect the acuity of these individuals. any variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, or other assumptions utilized in setting premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
for additional information related to the aca, see part i, item 1 "business" and part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this annual report on form 10-k.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with hospitals, physicians, pharmacy benefit service providers and other healthcare providers, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
our profitability is also dependent in part upon our ability to contract on favorable terms with hospitals, physicians, pbm service providers and other healthcare providers. physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers may elect not to contract with us, and the failure to secure or maintain cost-effective healthcare provider contracts on competitive terms may result in a loss of membership or higher medical costs, which could adversely affect our business. in addition, consolidation among healthcare providers, aco practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other care providers choose, as well as the ability of larger employers to contract directly with providers, may change the way that these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of physicians may compete directly with us, which may impact our relationship with these providers or affect the way that we price our products and estimate our costs and may require us to incur costs to change our operations, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our inability to contract with providers, or if providers attempt to use their market position to negotiate more favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, or the inability of providers to provide adequate care, could adversely affect our business. in addition, we do not have contracts with all providers that render services to our members and, as a result, may not have a pre-established agreement about the amount of compensation those out-of-network providers will accept for the services they render, which can result in significant litigation or arbitration proceedings, or provider attempts to obtain payment from our members for the difference between the amount we have paid and the amount they have charged.
we face competition in many of our markets, and if we fail to adequately adapt to changes in our industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities, our ability to compete and grow may be adversely affected.
as a health benefits company, we operate in a highly competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to significant changes from legislative reform, business consolidations, new strategic alliances, new market entrants, aggressive marketing practices by other health benefits organizations and technological advancements. these factors have produced and will likely continue to produce, significant pressures on our profitability. furthermore, decisions to buy our products and services are increasingly made or influenced by consumers, through means such as direct purchasing (for example, medicare advantage plans) and insurance exchanges that allow individual choice, or by large employers that may increasingly have the ability to contract directly with providers. this creates unique market pressures, and in order to compete effectively in the consumer-driven marketplace, we will be required to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands.
in addition, the pbm industry is highly competitive, and ingeniorx is subject to competition from national, regional and local pbms, insurers, health plans, large retail pharmacy chains, large retail stores, supermarkets, other mail order pharmacies, web pharmacies and specialty pharmacies. strong competition within the pharmacy benefit business has generated greater demand for lower product and service pricing, increased revenue sharing and enhanced product and service offerings. our inability to maintain positive trends, contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers for, among other things, rebates, discounts and administrative fees or a failure to identify and implement new ways to mitigate pricing pressures, could negatively impact our ability to attract or retain customers, negatively impact our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
furthermore, as a result of changes to traditional health insurance over the past several years, the health insurance industry has experienced a significant shift in membership to products with lower margins. in order to profitably grow our
business in the future, we need to not only grow our profitable medical membership, but also continue to diversify our sources of revenue and earnings, including through the increased sale of our specialty products, such as dental, vision and other supplemental products, expansion of our non-insurance assets and establishment of new cost of care solutions, including innovations in pbm services. if we are unable to acquire or develop and successfully manage new opportunities that further our strategic objectives and differentiate our products from our competitors, our ability to profitably grow our business could be adversely affected.
we also will have to respond to pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and potentially disruptive new entrants. also, due to the price transparency provided by public exchanges and new market entrants, we face competitive pressures from new and existing competitors in the market for individual health insurance. these risks may be enhanced if employers shift to defined contribution healthcare benefits plans and make greater utilization of private insurance exchanges or encourage their employees to purchase health insurance on the public exchanges. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully on these exchanges or that we will be able to benefit from any opportunities presented by such exchanges. if we are not competitive on these exchanges or are unsuccessful in reducing our cost structure, our future growth and profitability may be adversely impacted.
we are currently dependent on the non-exclusive services of independent agents and brokers in the marketing of our healthcare products, particularly with respect to individuals, seniors and small employer group customers. we face intense competition for the services and allegiance of these independent agents and brokers, who may also market the products of our competitors. our relationship with our brokers and independent agents could be adversely impacted by changes in our business practices to address legislative changes, including potential reductions in commissions and consulting fees paid to agents and brokers. we cannot ensure that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors for these services or that competitive pressures faced by us will not materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant reduction in the enrollment in our health benefits or pbm products or services, particularly in states where we have large regional concentrations, could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant reduction in the number of enrollees in our health benefits or pbm products or services could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. factors that could contribute to a reduction in enrollment include: reductions in workforce by existing customers; a general economic upturn that results in fewer individuals being eligible for medicaid programs; a general economic downturn that results in business failures and high unemployment rates; employers no longer offering certain healthcare coverage as an employee benefit or electing to offer coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis; participation on public exchanges; federal and state regulatory changes, including the elimination of the individual mandate penalty in the aca; failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers; premium increases and benefit changes; our exit from a specific market; negative publicity and news coverage; and failure to attain or maintain nationally recognized accreditations.
the states in which we operate that have the largest concentrations of revenues include california, florida, georgia, indiana, new york, ohio, texas and virginia. due to this concentration of business in these states, we are exposed to potential losses resulting from the risk of state-specific or regional economic downturns impacting these states. if any such negative economic conditions do not improve, we may experience a reduction in existing and new business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
a cyber attack or other privacy or data security incident could result in an unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, cause a loss of data, disrupt a large amount of our operations, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
as part of our normal operations, we collect, process and retain certain sensitive and confidential information. we are subject to various federal, state and international laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of certain sensitive or confidential information, including hipaa, the hitech act, the gramm-leach-bliley act and numerous state laws governing personal information, including the california consumer privacy act. our facilities and systems, and those of our
third-party service providers, are regularly the target of, and may be vulnerable to, cyber attacks, security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other threats.
we were the target of an external cyber attack in 2015 and have been, and will likely continue to be, the target of other attempted cyber attacks and security threats. in the event of such a cyber attack in the future, we may be subject to litigation and governmental investigations which could divert the attention of management from the operation of our business, result in reputational damage and have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. while we have contingency plans and insurance coverage for potential liabilities of this nature, they may not be sufficient to cover all claims and liabilities.
we cannot ensure that we will be able to identify, prevent or contain the effects of cyber attacks or other cybersecurity risks that bypass our security measures or disrupt our information technology systems or business. we have security technologies, processes and procedures in place to protect against cybersecurity risks and security breaches. however, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design, manufacturer defects or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. in addition, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, are becoming increasingly sophisticated, and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, timely discover or counter them or implement adequate preventative measures. viruses, worms or other malicious software programs may be used to attack our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities, and such security attacks may cause system disruptions or shutdowns, or may cause personal information or proprietary or confidential information to be misappropriated or compromised. as a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage and unauthorized access remain a priority for us.
in addition, we use third-party technology, systems and services for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions that in some cases involve processing, storing and transmitting large amounts of data for our business. although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party vendor, such measures cannot provide absolute security, and these third-party providers may also experience security breaches or interruptions to their information technology hardware and software infrastructure and communications systems that could adversely impact us.
noncompliance with any privacy or security laws and regulations, or any security breach, cyber attack or cybersecurity breach, and any incident involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of, or access to, sensitive or confidential member information, whether by us or by one of our third-party service providers, could require us to expend significant resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures and to remediate any damage. in addition, this could negatively affect our operations, cause system disruptions, damage our reputation, cause membership losses and contract breaches, and could also result in regulatory enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
there are various risks associated with participating in medicaid and medicare programs, including dependence upon government funding and the timing of payments, compliance with government contracts and increased regulatory oversight.
we contract with various federal and state agencies, including cms, to provide managed healthcare services, such as medicare advantage, medicare part d, medicare supplement, medicaid, tanf, spd, ltss, chip, aca-related medicaid expansion programs and various specialty programs. we also provide various administrative services for several other entities offering medical and/or prescription drug plans to their medicaid or medicare eligible members through our affiliated companies, and we offer employer group waiver plans which provide medical and/or prescription drug coverage to retirees. we are also participating in programs in several states for the care of dual-eligible members. these programs have been the subject of ongoing regulatory reform initiatives, and it is difficult to predict the impact of these and potential future regulatory reforms on our government business segment. regulatory reform initiatives or additional changes in existing laws or regulations, or their interpretations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
revenues from the medicare and medicaid programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government and/or applicable state governments. the base premium rate paid by each state or federal agency differs depending upon a combination of various factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region, benefit mix, member eligibility category and risk scores. future medicare and medicaid rates may be affected by continued government efforts to contain costs as well as federal and state budgetary constraints. additionally, ongoing cms system changes related to the data it uses to calculate risk scores in the medicare advantage program may impact our federal funding. if the federal government or any state in which we operate were to decrease rates paid to us, pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends or seek an adjustment to previously negotiated rates, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. further, certain state contracts are subject to cancellation in the event of the unavailability of state funds. in addition, various states' mmps are still subject to uncertainty surrounding payment rates and other requirements, which could affect where we seek to participate in these programs. an unexpected reduction in payments, inadequate government funding or significantly delayed payments for these programs may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
other potential risks associated with medicare advantage and medicare part d plans include increased medical or pharmaceutical costs, data corrections identified as a result of ongoing auditing and monitoring activities, potential uncollectability of receivables resulting from processing and/or verifying enrollment, inadequacy of underwriting assumptions, inability to receive and process correct information (including inability due to systems issues by the federal government, the applicable state government or us), uncollectability of premiums from members, and limited enrollment periods. while we believe we have adequately reviewed our assumptions and estimates regarding these complex and wide-ranging programs under medicare advantage and medicare part d, including those related to collectability of receivables and establishment of liabilities, actual results may be materially different than our assumptions and estimates and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. finally, there is the possibility that the medicare advantage program could be significantly impacted by any future modification, repeal or replacement of the aca.
our contracts with cms and state governmental agencies contain certain provisions regarding data submission, risk adjustment, provider network maintenance, quality measures, claims payment, encounter data, continuity of care, call center performance and other requirements specific to federal and state program regulations. we have been subject in the past, and may again be in the future, to administrative actions, fines, penalties, liquidated damages or retrospective adjustments in payments made to our health plans as a result of a failure to comply with those requirements, which has impacted and in the future could impact our profitability. in addition, we could be required to file a corrective plan of action with additional penalties for noncompliance, including a negative impact on future membership enrollment levels. further, the majority of our cms and state medicaid contracts are subject to a competitive procurement process. our existing contracts have not always been renewed, we have not always been awarded new contracts as a result of the competitive procurement process, and in some cases, we have lost members under existing contracts as a result of a post-award challenge, each of which could take place again in the future and have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
further, the medicare advantage star rating system utilized by cms to evaluate medicare advantage plans may have a significant effect on our revenue, as higher-rated plans tend to experience increased enrollment and plans with a star rating of 4.0 or higher are eligible for quality-based bonus payments and can market to and enroll members year-round. our star ratings may be negatively impacted if we fail to meet the quality, performance and regulatory compliance criteria established by cms. furthermore, the star rating system is subject to change annually by cms, which may make it more difficult to achieve four stars or greater. if we do not maintain or continue to improve our star ratings, fail to meet or exceed our competitors' ratings, or if quality-based bonus payments are reduced or eliminated, we may experience a negative impact on our revenues and the benefits that our plans can offer, which could materially and adversely affect the marketability of our plans, our membership levels, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. similarly, a number of state medicaid programs in which we participate have implemented performance standards, and if we fail to meet or exceed those standards, we may not receive performance-based bonus payments or may incur performance-based penalties.
in addition to the contractual requirements affecting our participation in medicaid and medicare programs, we are also subject to various federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, including those directed at preventing fraud, abuse and discrimination in government-funded programs. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in investigations, litigation, fines, restrictions on, or exclusions from, program participation, or the imposition of corporate
integrity agreements or other agreements with a federal or state governmental agency, any of which could adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we are periodically subject to government audits, including cms risk adjustment data validation, or radv audits, of our medicare advantage plans to validate diagnostic data, patient claims and financial reporting, as well as audits by the medicare part d recovery audit contractor, or rac. cms has recently proposed changing its audits in a way that could increase financial recoveries from health plans. these audits could result in significant adjustments in payments made to our health plans. in addition to these federal programs, the states in which we operate medicaid plans conduct audits, and a number of states have implemented medicaid rac programs which were authorized by the aca. state rac programs could increase the number of audits and any subsequent recoupment by the federal and state governments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. if we fail to report and correct errors discovered through our own auditing procedures or during a cms, state or rac audit, or otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines, civil penalties or other sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to participate in these programs, and on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
on november 1, 2018, cms released a proposed rule that would revise its radv methodology by, among other things, excluding an adjustment for underlying fee-for-service data errors and extrapolating radv results at the contract level. if adopted in its current form, the rule could have a detrimental impact on all medicare advantage insurers. while it is uncertain whether cms will issue the rule as proposed, if adopted, it could have a material adverse impact on our medicare business and future results of operations. in addition to the proposed rule, there has been increased government scrutiny and civil litigation under the false claims act related to risk adjustment practices under the medicare advantage program. government investigations, any enforcement actions and civil litigation could result in monetary damages, penalties and business practice changes that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
our medicare and medicaid contracts are also subject to various mlr rules, including minimum mlr thresholds, rebate requirements and audits, which could adversely affect our membership and revenues if any of our state medicare or medicaid plans do not meet an applicable minimum mlr thresholds. if a medicare advantage, mmp or medicare part d contract pays minimum mlr rebates for three consecutive years, it will become ineligible to participate in open enrollment. if a medicare advantage or medicare part d contract pays such rebates for five consecutive years, it will be terminated by cms.
a change in our healthcare product mix may impact our profitability.
our healthcare products that involve greater potential risk generally tend to be more profitable than administrative services products and those healthcare products where the employer groups assume the underwriting risks. individuals and small employer groups are more likely to purchase our higher-risk healthcare products because such purchasers are generally unable or unwilling to bear greater liability for healthcare expenditures. typically, government-sponsored programs also involve our higher-risk healthcare products. a shift of enrollees from more profitable products to less profitable products could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we face risks related to litigation.
we are, or may in the future be, a party to a variety of legal actions that may affect our business, such as employment and employment discrimination-related suits, administrative charges before government agencies, employee benefit claims, breach of contract actions, tort claims and intellectual property-related litigation. in addition, because of the nature of our business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design, administration and offering of our products and services. these could include claims relating to the denial or limitation of healthcare benefits; federal and state false claims act laws; dispensing of drugs associated with our pbm business; professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public; development or application of medical policies and coverage and clinical guidelines; medical malpractice actions; product liability claims; allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; provider disputes over reimbursement and contracts; provider tiering programs; narrow networks; termination of provider contracts; the recovery of overpayments from providers; self-funded business; disputes over co-payment calculations; reimbursement of out-of-network claims; the failure to disclose certain business practices; the failure to comply with various state or federal laws, including but not limited to, erisa and the mental health
parity act; and customer audits and contract performance, including government contracts. these actions or proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we are also involved in, or may in the future be party to, pending or threatened litigation of the character incidental to the business we transact or arising out of our operations, including, but not limited to, breaches of security and violations of privacy requirements, shareholder actions, compliance with federal and state laws and regulations (including qui tam or "whistleblower" actions), or sales and acquisitions of businesses or assets (including as a result of the terminated cigna merger agreement, or as more fully described under note 13, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - cigna corporation merger litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k). from time to time, we are involved as a party in various governmental investigations, audits, reviews and administrative proceedings, including challenges relating to the award of government contracts. these investigations, audits and reviews include routine and special investigations by various state insurance departments, various federal regulators including cms and the department of health and human services office of inspector general (hhs-oig), state attorneys general, the department of justice (doj), and various offices of the u.s. attorney general. following an investigation, we may be subject to civil or criminal fines, penalties and other sanctions if we are determined to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations. liabilities that may result from these actions could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
recent court decisions and legislative activity may increase our exposure for any of these types of claims. in some cases, substantial non-economic (including injunctive relief), treble or punitive damages may be sought. although we maintain insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, some liabilities and damages may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. in addition, insurance coverage for all or certain forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. any adverse judgment against us resulting in such damage awards could result in negative publicity and have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
further, litigation brought against the federal and some state governments over the aca, including the 2018 aca decision, could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations as changes to, or the invalidation of, the aca resulting from such litigation may be unfavorable to our business or may create uncertainty over the applicability and enforceability of portions of the law and related regulations, which impacts our strategy and could negatively impact our future growth opportunities.
cigna's pursuit of litigation in connection with the cigna merger agreement, together with our own litigation against cigna, could cause us to incur substantial costs, may present material distractions and, if decided adverse to anthem, could negatively impact our financial condition.
as described in note 13, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - cigna corporation merger litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, in february 2017, cigna commenced litigation against us in the delaware court of chancery, or the delaware court, for a declaratory judgment that its purported termination of the cigna merger agreement was lawful and seeking damages against us. we promptly filed our own litigation against cigna seeking to compel cigna's specific performance of the cigna merger agreement and damages against cigna. in may 2017, after the delaware court denied our motion to enjoin cigna from terminating the cigna merger agreement, we delivered to cigna a notice terminating the cigna merger agreement. in the delaware court litigation, trial commenced in late february 2019 and concluded in march 2019, and closing arguments were held in november 2019. we have incurred, and likely will continue to incur, substantial litigation costs related to these lawsuits, and may incur substantial additional cost, including potential settlement and judgment costs. our defense against cigna's claims, the pursuit of our claims or the settlement, or failure to reach a settlement, for any claims may result in negative media attention, and may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our pbm business and related operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that are in addition to those we face in our core healthcare business.
we provide pbm services through our ingeniorx business, and we are responsible to regulators and our customers for the delivery of those pbm services that we contract to provide. our pbm business is subject to the risks inherent in the
dispensing, packaging, fulfillment and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products, including claims related to dispensing and other operational errors. any failure by us or one of our pbm services suppliers to adhere to the laws and regulations applicable to the dispensing of pharmaceuticals could subject our pbm business to civil and criminal penalties.
our pbm business is subject to federal and state laws and regulations that govern its relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies and customers, including without limitation, federal and state anti-kickback laws, beneficiary inducement laws, consumer protection laws, erisa, hipaa and laws related to the operation of internet and mail-service pharmacies, as well as an increasing number of licensure, registration and other laws and accreditation standards that impact the business practices of a pbm business. in addition, the practice of pharmacy is subject to federal and state laws and regulation, including those of state boards of pharmacy, individual state-controlled substance authorities, the u.s. drug enforcement agency and the fda. also, we and our third-party vendors are subject to registration requirements and state and federal laws concerning labeling, packaging, advertising, handling and adulteration of prescription drugs and dispensing of controlled substances. federal and state legislatures also regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially affect current industry practices, including potential new legislation and regulations regarding the receipt or disclosure of rebates, discounts and other fees from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies and other utilization management tools, the use of average wholesale prices or other pricing benchmarks, pricing for specialty pharmaceuticals, limited access to networks and pharmacy network reimbursement methodologies. noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations by us or our third-party vendors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation and could expose us to civil and criminal penalties.
our pbm business would be adversely affected if we are unable to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers for, among other things, rebates, discounts and administrative fees.
we are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions, including pbm services.
we contract with various third parties to perform certain functions and services and provide us with certain information technology systems. certain of these third parties provide us with significant portions of our business infrastructure and operating requirements, and we could become overly dependent on key vendors, which could cause us to lose core competencies. a termination of our agreements with, or disruption in the performance of, one or more of these service providers could result in service disruptions or unavailability, reduced service quality and effectiveness, increased or duplicative costs or an inability to meet our obligations to our customers. in addition, we may also have to seek alternative service providers, which may be unavailable or only available on less favorable contract terms. any of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, reputation, cash flows, financial condition and operating results.
in particular, beginning in the second quarter of 2019, we began delegating certain pbm administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to cvs health pursuant to the cvs pbm agreement. in addition, although we completed the transition of our members from express scripts to ingeniorx on january 1, 2020, express scripts continues to provide certain audit and various run-out transition services related to our pbm business pursuant to the esi pbm agreement. cvs health began providing certain pbm administrative functions to ingeniorx pursuant to the cvs pbm agreement beginning in the second quarter of 2019. in connection with the transition of pbm administrative functions to cvs health, if cvs health fails to provide pbm services as contractually required, we may not be able to meet the full demands of our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. for additional information on the agreement with cvs health, see "business - general," in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. in addition, the litigation between us and express scripts regarding the esi pbm agreement continues, as more fully described under note 13, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - express scripts, inc. pharmacy benefit management litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
there are various risks associated with providing healthcare services.
the direct provision of healthcare services by certain of our subsidiaries involves risks of additional litigation arising from medical malpractice actions based on our treatment decisions or brought against us or our associates for alleged malpractice or professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services. in addition, liability may arise from maintaining healthcare premises that serve the public. the defense of any actions may result in significant
expenses, and if we fail to maintain adequate insurance coverage for these liabilities, or if such insurance is not available, the resulting costs could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, many states in which certain of our subsidiaries operate limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed individuals. business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians, and we are not licensed to practice medicine. rules and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and similar issues vary from state to state. further, certain federal and state laws, including those covering our medicare and medicaid plans, prohibit the offer, payment, solicitation, or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce, or in return for, the referral of patient care opportunities, including, but not limited to, medicare patients, and also generally prohibit physicians from making referrals to any entity providing certain designated health services if the referring physician or related person has an ownership or financial interest in the entity. any enforcement actions by governmental officials alleging non-compliance with these rules and regulations could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic partnerships and other business combinations involve risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operation.
the following are some of the risks associated with mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances, referred to collectively as business combinations, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations:
   some of the business combinations may not achieve anticipated revenues, earnings or cash flow, business opportunities, synergies, growth prospects and other anticipated benefits;
   the goodwill or other intangible assets established as a result of our business combinations may be incorrectly valued or become non-recoverable;
   we may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to us or which were underestimated;
   we may experience difficulties in integrating business combinations, be unable to integrate business combinations successfully or as quickly as expected, and be unable to realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner, which could result in substantial costs and delays or other operational, technical or financial problems;
   business combinations, and proposed business combinations that are not completed, could disrupt our ongoing business, lead to the incurrence of significant fees, distract management, result in the loss of key employees, divert resources, result in tax costs or inefficiencies and make it difficult to maintain our current business standards, controls, information technology systems, policies and procedures;
   we may finance future business combinations by issuing common stock for some or all of the purchase price, which could dilute the ownership interests of our shareholders;
   we may also incur additional debt related to future business combinations;
   we would be competing with other firms, some of which may have greater financial and other resources, to acquire attractive companies;
   we may experience disputes with our partners in our strategic alliances and joint ventures, which could result in litigation or a loss of business; and
   future business combinations may make it difficult to comply with the requirements of the bcbsa and lead to an increased risk that our bcbsa license agreements may be terminated.
the value of our intangible assets may become impaired.
due largely to our past mergers and acquisitions, goodwill and other intangible assets represent a substantial portion of our assets. if we make additional acquisitions, it is likely that we will record additional intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheets. the value we place on intangible assets may be adversely impacted if business combinations fail to perform in a manner consistent with our assumptions.
in accordance with applicable accounting standards, we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may no longer be recoverable, in which case a charge to income may be necessary. this impairment testing requires us to make assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units, including goodwill and other intangible assets. in addition, certain other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as trademarks, are also tested separately. estimated fair values developed based on our assumptions and judgments might be significantly different if other reasonable assumptions and estimates were to be used. if estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives in future impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income.
any future evaluations requiring an impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially affect our results of operations and shareholders' equity in the period in which the impairment occurs. a material decrease in shareholders' equity could, in turn, negatively impact our debt ratings or potentially impact our compliance with existing debt covenants.
in addition, the estimated fair value of our reporting units may be impacted as a result of business decisions we make associated with any future changes to laws and regulations. such decisions, which could unfavorably affect our ability to support the carrying value of certain goodwill and other intangible assets, could result in impairment charges in future periods.
as a holding company, we are dependent on dividends from our subsidiaries. these dividends are necessary to pay our outstanding indebtedness. our regulated subsidiaries are subject to state regulations, including restrictions on the payment of dividends, maintenance of minimum levels of capital and restrictions on investment portfolios.
we are a holding company whose assets include the outstanding shares of common stock (or other ownership interest) of our subsidiaries including our intermediate holding companies and regulated insurance and hmo subsidiaries. our subsidiaries are separate legal entities. as a holding company, we depend on dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries. furthermore, our subsidiaries are not obligated to make funds available to us, and creditors of our subsidiaries will have a superior claim to certain of our subsidiaries' assets. among other restrictions, state insurance and hmo laws may restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. in some states, we have made special undertakings that may limit the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. in addition, our subsidiaries' ability to make any payments to us will also depend on their earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, business and tax considerations and other legal restrictions. our ability to repurchase shares or pay dividends in the future to our shareholders and meet our obligations, including paying operating expenses and debt service on our outstanding and future indebtedness, will depend upon the receipt of dividends from our subsidiaries. an inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends in the future in an amount sufficient for us to meet our financial obligations may materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
most of our regulated subsidiaries are subject to rbc standards or other forms of minimum capital requirements imposed by their states of domicile, which require our regulated subsidiaries to report their results of risk-based capital calculations to the departments of insurance and the naic. failure to maintain the minimum rbc standards could subject our regulated subsidiaries to corrective action, including state supervision or liquidation. changes to the existing rbc standards or the adoption of an rbc requirement at the holding company level, which is currently being considered and developed by the naic and various states, could further restrict our or our regulated subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends and adversely affect our business. in addition, as discussed in more detail below, we are a party to license agreements with the bcbsa which contain certain requirements and restrictions regarding our operations, including minimum capital and liquidity requirements, which could restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends.
our regulated subsidiaries are subject to state laws and regulations that require diversification of their investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments in certain riskier investment categories, such as below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, real estate and equity investments, which could generate higher returns on their investments. failure to comply with these laws and regulations might cause investments exceeding regulatory limitations to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes of measuring statutory surplus and risk-based capital, and, in some instances, require the sale of those investments.
we have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. such indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to pursue desirable business opportunities and to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and exposes us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate indebtedness.
our debt service obligations require us to use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal on debt instead of for other corporate purposes, including funding future expansion. if our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to service our debt obligations, we may be forced to seek extraordinary dividends from our subsidiaries, sell assets, seek additional equity or debt capital or restructure our debt. however, these measures might be unsuccessful or inadequate to meet scheduled debt service obligations, or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms.
we may also incur future debt obligations, in connection with acquisitions or otherwise, that might subject us to restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. our breach or failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit facilities or other indebtedness. if we default under our credit agreement, the lenders could cease to make further extensions of credit or cause all of our outstanding debt obligations under our credit agreement to become immediately due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. if the indebtedness under our notes or our credit agreement or our other indebtedness is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
changes in the method of determining the london interbank offered rate, or libor, or the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect the market for or value of our outstanding debt and the interest rate, return, value and liquidity of certain of our investments.
a portion of our indebtedness bears interest at fluctuating interest rates, primarily based on libor, and our investment portfolio also includes some libor-based, floating rate debt investments. in july 2017, the financial conduct authority, a regulator of financial services firms in the united kingdom, announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit libor rates after 2021. in response to concerns regarding the future of libor, the board of governors of the federal reserve system and the federal reserve bank of new york convened the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc") to identify alternatives to libor. the arrc has recommended a benchmark replacement waterfall to assist issuers in continued capital market entry while safeguarding against libor's discontinuation. the initial steps in the arrc's recommended provision reference variations of the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"). at this time, it is not possible to predict whether sofr will attain market traction as a libor replacement.
we are unable to predict whether libor will cease to exist after calendar year 2021, the effect of any changes, any establishment of alternative reference rates or any other reforms to libor or any replacement of libor that may be enacted in the united kingdom or elsewhere. such changes, reforms or replacements relating to libor could have an adverse impact on the market for or value of any libor-linked securities, loans, derivatives or other financial obligations or extensions of credit entered into by us, as well as the interest rate, return, value, and liquidity of any libor-based securities held in our investment portfolios, and could adversely impact our cost of capital, overall financial condition or results of operations.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
claims-paying ability as well as financial strength ratings and debt ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and health benefits companies. we believe our strong credit ratings are an important factor in marketing our products to customers, since credit ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used by customers and creditors. in addition, if our credit ratings are downgraded or placed under review, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by limitations on future borrowings and a potential increase in our borrowing costs. our ratings reflect each rating agency's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our obligations to policyholders and creditors, and are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in our common stock. each of the ratings organizations reviews our ratings periodically, and there can be no assurance that our current ratings will be maintained in the future.
the health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
the health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which can arise from, among other things, increases in premium rates, industry consolidation, cost of care initiatives and the ongoing debate over laws and regulations impacting the u.s. healthcare system. negative publicity may result in increased regulation and legislative review of industry practices, which may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability by limiting our ability to market or provide our products and services, requiring us to change our products and services, or increasing the regulatory oversight under which we operate. in addition, as long as we use the bcbs names and marks in marketing our health benefits products and services, any negative publicity concerning the bcbsa or other bcbsa licensees may adversely affect us and the sale of our health benefits products and services. negative public perception or publicity of the health benefits industry in general, the bcbsa, other bcbsa licensees, or us or our key vendors in particular, could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
the failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business.
our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. as a result of our merger and acquisition activities, we have acquired and expect to acquire additional systems. our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards including public exchanges and other aspects of the aca, compliance with legal requirements, private insurance exchanges and changing customer preferences. in addition, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately.
failure to adequately implement and maintain effective and efficient information systems with sufficiently advanced technological capabilities, or our failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could result in competitive and cost disadvantages to us compared to our competitors, a diversion of management's time and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if the information we rely upon to run our business were found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to adequately maintain our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing and reserves, have disputes with customers and providers, face regulatory problems, including sanctions and penalties, incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences, including a decrease in membership.
we are a party to license agreements with the bcbsa that entitle us to the exclusive and, in certain areas, non-exclusive use of the bcbs names and marks in our geographic territories. the termination of these license agreements or changes in the terms and conditions of these license agreements could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we use the bcbs names and marks as identifiers for our products and services under licenses from the bcbsa. our license agreements with the bcbsa contain certain requirements and restrictions regarding our operations and our use of the bcbs names and marks, including: minimum capital and liquidity requirements; enrollment and customer service performance requirements; participation in programs that provide portability of membership between plans; disclosures to the bcbsa relating to enrollment and financial conditions; disclosures as to the structure of the bcbs system in contracts with third parties and in public statements; plan governance requirements; cybersecurity requirements; a requirement that at least 80% (or, in the case of blue cross of california, substantially all) of a licensee's annual combined local net revenue, as defined by the bcbsa, attributable to healthcare plans and related services within its service areas must be sold, marketed, administered or underwritten under the bcbs names and marks; a requirement that at least two-thirds of a licensee's annual combined national net revenue, as defined by the bcbsa, attributable to healthcare plans and related services must be sold, marketed, administered or underwritten under the bcbs names and marks; a requirement that neither a plan nor any of its licensed affiliates may permit an entity other than a plan or a licensed affiliate to obtain control of the plan or the licensed affiliate or to acquire a substantial portion of its assets related to licensable services; a requirement that we divide our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; a requirement that we guarantee certain contractual and
financial obligations of our licensed affiliates; and a requirement that we indemnify the bcbsa against any claims asserted against it resulting from the contractual and financial obligations of any subsidiary that serves as a fiscal intermediary providing administrative services for medicare parts a and b. failure to comply with the foregoing requirements could result in a termination of the license agreements.
the license agreements may be modified by the bcbsa. to the extent that such amendments to the license agreements are adopted in the future, they could have a material adverse effect on our future expansion plans or results of operations. further, bcbs licensees have certain requirements to perform administrative services for members of other bcbs licensees. as of december 31, 2019, we provided services to approximately 30 million blue cross and/or blue shield enrollees. if we or another bcbs licensee are not in compliance with all legal requirements or are unable to perform administrative services as required, this could have an adverse effect on our members and our ability to maintain our licenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
upon the occurrence of an event causing termination of the license agreements, we would no longer have the right to use the bcbs names and marks or to sell bcbs health insurance products and services in one or more of our service areas. furthermore, the bcbsa would be free to issue a license to use the bcbs names and marks in these service areas to another entity. our existing bcbs members would be provided with instructions for obtaining alternative products and services licensed by the bcbsa. events that could cause the termination of a license agreement with the bcbsa include, without limitation, failure to comply with minimum capital requirements imposed by the bcbsa, failure to comply with governance requirements such as maintaining a classified board structure, a change of control or violation of the bcbsa ownership limitations on our capital stock, impending financial insolvency and the appointment of a trustee or receiver or the commencement of any action against a licensee seeking its dissolution. we believe that the bcbs names and marks are valuable identifiers of our products and services in the marketplace.
upon termination of a license agreement, the bcbsa would have the right to impose a "re-establishment fee" upon us, which would be used in part to fund the establishment of a replacement blue cross and/or blue shield licensee in the vacated service area. the fee is set at $98.33 per licensed enrollee. if the re-establishment fee was applied to our total blue cross and/or blue shield enrollees of approximately 30 million as of december 31, 2019, we would be assessed approximately $3 billion by the bcbsa. as a result, termination of the license agreements would have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our business may be impacted by natural disasters, war, terrorism, political events, global climate change and other occurrences that could create large-scale medical emergencies or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
natural disasters, war, terrorism, political events, global climate change and other similar occurrences could create large-scale medical emergencies or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. large-scale medical emergencies can take many forms and can cause widespread illness and death. for example, federal and state law enforcement officials have issued warnings about potential terrorist activity involving biological and other weapons. in addition, natural disasters such as hurricanes and the potential for a widespread pandemic of influenza or other illness and the lack of availability of appropriate preventative medicines can have a significant impact on the health of the population of widespread areas. if the united states were to experience widespread bioterrorism or other attacks, large-scale natural disasters in our concentrated coverage areas or a large-scale pandemic or epidemic, our covered medical expenses could rise, our operations could be interrupted and we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations or, in the event of extreme circumstances, our viability could be threatened. furthermore, global climate change could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects, and may have a long-term effect on general economic conditions and the healthcare or pharmacy industry in particular, which could adversely affect our business and financial results.
adverse securities and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs.
during periods of increased volatility, adverse securities and credit markets may exert downward pressure on the availability of liquidity and credit capacity for certain issuers. we need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, make payments on our indebtedness and pay capital expenditures. the principal sources of our cash receipts are premiums, administrative fees, investment income, revenue received from ingeniorx and dbg, proceeds from the sale or maturity of
our investment securities, proceeds from borrowings and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans.
our access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. if one or a combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all.
the value of our investments is influenced by varying economic and market conditions, and a decrease in value may result in a loss charged to income.
the market values of our investments vary from time to time depending on economic and market conditions. for various reasons, we may sell certain of our investments at prices that are less than the carrying value of the investments. during periods in which interest rates are relatively low, as in recent years, our investment income could be adversely impacted. in addition, in periods of declining interest rates, bond calls and mortgage loan prepayments generally increase, resulting in the reinvestment of these funds at the then lower market rates. in periods of rising interest rates, the market values of our fixed maturity securities will generally decrease, which could result in material losses on investments in future periods. in addition, defaults by issuers, primarily from investments in corporate and municipal bonds, who fail to pay or perform their obligations, could reduce net investment income, which would adversely affect our profitability. we cannot assure you that our investment portfolios will produce positive returns or maintain their present values.
in accordance with fasb guidance for investments, we classify fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio as "available-for-sale" or "trading" and report those securities at fair value. current and long-term available-for-sale investment securities represented a significant percentage of our total consolidated assets at december 31, 2019.
changes in the economic environment, including periods of increased volatility in the securities markets, can increase the difficulty of assessing investment impairment, and the same influences tend to increase the risk of potential impairment of these assets. over time, the economic and market environment may provide additional insight into the value of our investment securities, which could change our judgment regarding the fair value of certain securities and/or impairment. given the sometimes rapidly changing market conditions and the significant judgments involved, there is continuing risk that future declines in fair value may occur and material other-than-temporary impairments may be charged to income in future periods, resulting in realized losses.
we face intense competition to attract and retain employees. further, managing key executive transition, succession and retention is critical to our success.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees to meet current and future needs, and to integrate and engage employees who have joined us through acquisitions. we face intense competition for qualified employees, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that such competition among potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. an inability to retain existing employees or attract additional employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our president and chief executive officer and other senior management and retention of key executives. while we have succession plans in place for members of our senior management, and employment arrangements with certain key executives, these plans and arrangements do not guarantee that the services of our senior executives will continue to be available to us or that we will be able to attract, transition and retain suitable successors.
we are subject to various risks associated with our international operations.
certain of our subsidiaries that provide services to some of our health plans operate internationally and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or conduct business, which requires us to devote resources to implement controls and systems in new foreign jurisdictions to comply with, and to ensure that our vendors and partners comply with, u.s. and foreign laws and regulations. these regulatory regimes encompass, among other matters, local and cross-border taxation, licensing, tariffs, intellectual property, investment, capital (including minimum solvency margin and reserve requirements), management control, labor, anti-fraud, anti-corruption and privacy and data protection regulations (including requirements for cross-border data transfers), which vary by jurisdiction. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, restrictions or outright prohibitions on the conduct of our business and significant reputational harm.
changes in u.s. tax laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we may not be able to realize the value of our deferred tax assets.
changes in tax laws and regulations, including with respect to corporate tax rates and the deductibility of expenses, or changes in the interpretation of tax laws and regulations by federal and/or state authorities, could have a material impact on the future value of our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, could result in significant one-time charges in the current or future taxable years and could increase our future u.s. tax expense. these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations.
in accordance with applicable accounting standards, we separately recognize deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. such deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities represent the tax effect of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting measured at tax rates enacted at the time the deferred tax asset or liability is recorded. at each financial reporting date, we evaluate our deferred tax assets to determine the likely realization of the benefit of the temporary differences. our evaluation includes a review of the types of temporary differences that created the deferred tax asset; the amount of taxes paid on both capital gains and ordinary income in prior periods and available for a carry-back claim; the forecasted future taxable income, and therefore, the likely future deduction of the deferred tax item; and any other significant issues that might impact the realization of the deferred tax asset. if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset may not be realized, we establish a valuation allowance. significant judgment is required in determining an appropriate valuation allowance.
any future increase in our valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense and a decrease in shareholders' equity, which could materially affect our financial position and results of operations in the period in which the increase occurs. a material decrease in shareholders' equity could, in turn, negatively impact our debt ratings or potentially impact our compliance with existing debt covenants.
indiana law, other applicable laws, our articles of incorporation and bylaws, and provisions of our bcbsa license agreements may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interest.
indiana law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. for instance, they may prevent our shareholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future.
we are regulated as an insurance holding company and subject to the insurance holding company acts of the states in which our insurance company subsidiaries are domiciled, as well as similar provisions included in the health statutes and regulations of certain states where these subsidiaries are regulated as managed care companies or hmos. the insurance
holding company acts and regulations and these similar provisions restrict the ability of any person to obtain control of an insurance company or hmo without prior regulatory approval. under those statutes and regulations, without such approval or an exemption, no person may acquire any voting security of a domestic insurance company or hmo, or an insurance holding company which controls an insurance company or hmo, or merge with such a holding company, if as a result of such transaction such person would "control" the insurance holding company, insurance company or hmo. "control" is generally defined as the direct or indirect power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person and is presumed to exist if a person directly or indirectly owns or controls 10% or more of the voting securities of another person. further, the indiana business corporation law contains business combination provisions that, in general, prohibit for five years any business combination with a beneficial owner of 10% or more of our common stock unless the holder's acquisition of the stock was approved in advance by our board of directors.
our articles of incorporation restrict the beneficial ownership of our capital stock in excess of specific ownership limits. the ownership limits restrict beneficial ownership of our voting capital stock to less than 10% for institutional investors and less than 5% for non-institutional investors, both as defined in our articles of incorporation. additionally, no person may beneficially own shares of our common stock representing a 20% or more ownership interest in us. these restrictions are intended to ensure our compliance with the terms of our licenses with the bcbsa. our articles of incorporation prohibit ownership of our capital stock beyond these ownership limits without prior approval of a majority of our continuing directors (as defined in our articles of incorporation). in addition, as discussed above in the risk factor describing our license agreements with the bcbsa, such license agreements are subject to termination upon a change of control and a re-establishment fee would be imposed upon termination of the license agreements.
certain other provisions included in our articles of incorporation and bylaws may also have anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. in particular, our articles of incorporation and bylaws: divide our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms (which is required by our license agreement with the bcbsa); permit our board of directors to determine the terms of and issue one or more series of preferred stock without further action by shareholders; restrict the maximum number of directors; limit the ability of shareholders to remove directors; impose restrictions on shareholders' ability to fill vacancies on our board of directors; impose advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at meetings of shareholders; and prohibit shareholders from amending certain provisions of our bylaws.
we also face other risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, which include:
   any requirement to restate financial results in the event of inappropriate application of accounting principles;
   a significant failure of our internal control over financial reporting;
   failure of our prevention and control systems related to employee compliance with internal policies, including data security;
   healthcare benefits fraud by providers, members and/or brokers that is not prevented or detected and impacts our medical costs or those of self-insured customers;
   failure to protect our proprietary information; and
   failure of our corporate governance policies or procedures.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, or md&a, should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. references to the terms "we," "our," "us," "anthem" or the "company" used throughout this md&a refer to anthem, inc., an indiana corporation, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its direct and indirect subsidiaries. references to the "states" include the district of columbia, unless the context otherwise requires.
this section of this annual report on form 10-k generally discusses 2019 and 2018 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018. a detailed discussion of 2017 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
overview we are one of the largest health benefits companies in the united states in terms of medical membership, serving approximately 41 medical members through our affiliated health plans as of december 31, 2019. we are an independent licensee of the blue cross and blue shield association, or bcbsa, an association of independent health benefit plans. we serve our members as the blue cross licensee for california and as the blue cross and blue shield, or bcbs, licensee for colorado, connecticut, georgia, indiana, kentucky, maine, missouri (excluding 30 counties in the kansas city area), nevada, new hampshire, new york (in the new york city metropolitan area and upstate new york), ohio, virginia (excluding the northern virginia suburbs of washington, d.c.) and wisconsin. in a majority of these service areas, we do business as anthem blue cross, anthem blue cross and blue shield, and empire blue cross blue shield or empire blue cross. we also conduct business through arrangements with other bcbs licensees as well as other strategic partners. through our subsidiaries, we also serve customers in numerous states across the country as aim specialty health, amerigroup, aspire health, caremore, freedom health, healthlink, healthsun, optimum healthcare, simply healthcare, and/or unicare. also, in the second quarter of 2019, we began providing pharmacy benefits management, or pbm, services through our ingeniorx subsidiary. we are licensed to conduct insurance operations in all 50 states and the district of columbia through our subsidiaries.
we manage our operations through three reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business and other. prior to the second quarter of 2019, our other segment included certain eliminations and corporate expenses not allocated to either of our other reportable segments. beginning with the second quarter of 2019, our other segment also includes ingeniorx, our pharmacy benefits manager, which began operations during the second quarter of 2019. in addition, during the second quarter of 2019, we reclassified our diversified business group, or dbg, our integrated health services business, from our government business segment to the other segment to reflect changes in how our segments are being managed. amounts for prior years have been reclassified through this md&a to conform to the current year presentation for comparability. based on the financial accounting standards board, or fasb, guidance, as of december 31, 2019, ingeniorx and dbg did not collectively meet the quantitative thresholds for a reportable segment.
our operating revenue consists of premiums and administrative fees and other revenue. premium revenue comes from fully-insured contracts where we indemnify our policyholders against costs for covered health and life benefits. administrative fees and other revenue come from contracts where our customers are self-insured, or where the fee is based on either the processing of transactions or a percent of network discount savings realized, revenues from our medicare processing business and from other health-related businesses, including disease management programs and miscellaneous other income. administrative fees and other revenue also include product revenue for pbm services performed by ingeniorx to unaffiliated pbm customers, including our self-funded groups that have contracted with ingeniorx for pbm services, and beginning in 2020, to third-party health plans.
our benefit expense primarily includes costs of care for health services consumed by our fully-insured members, such as outpatient care, inpatient hospital care, professional services (primarily physician care) and pharmacy benefit costs. all four components are affected both by unit costs and utilization rates. unit costs include the cost of outpatient medical procedures
per visit, inpatient hospital care per admission, physician fees per office visit and prescription drug prices. utilization rates represent the volume of consumption of health services and typically vary with the age and health status of our members and their social and lifestyle choices, along with clinical protocols and medical practice patterns in each of our markets. a portion of benefit expense recognized in each reporting period consists of actuarial estimates of claims incurred but not yet paid by us. any changes in these estimates are recorded in the period the need for such an adjustment arises. while we offer a diversified mix of managed care products and services through our managed care plans, our aggregate cost of care can fluctuate based on a change in the overall mix of these products and services. our managed care plans include: preferred provider organizations; health maintenance organizations, or hmos; point-of-service plans; traditional indemnity plans and other hybrid plans, including consumer-driven health plans; and hospital only and limited benefit products.
we classify certain claims-related costs as benefit expense to reflect costs incurred for our members' traditional medical care, as well as those expenses which improve our members' health and medical outcomes. these claims-related costs may be comprised of expenses incurred for: (i) medical management, including case and prospective utilization management; (ii) health and wellness, including disease management services for such conditions as diabetes, high-risk pregnancies, congestive heart failure and asthma management and wellness initiatives like weight-loss programs and smoking cessation treatments; and (iii) clinical health policy, such as identification and use of best clinical practices to avoid harm, identifying clinical errors and safety concerns, and identifying potential adverse drug interactions. these types of claims-related costs are designed to ultimately lower our members' cost of care.
our cost of products sold represents the cost of prescription drugs dispensed by ingeniorx to unaffiliated pbm customers (net of rebates or discounts), including any co-payments made by or on behalf of the customer, per-claim administrative fees for prescription fulfillment and certain direct costs related to sales and administration of customer contracts.
our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of fixed and variable costs. examples of fixed costs are depreciation, amortization and certain facilities expenses. certain variable costs, such as premium taxes, vary directly with premium volume. commission expense generally varies with premium or membership volume. other variable costs, such as salaries and benefits, do not vary directly with changes in premium but are more aligned with changes in membership. the acquisition or loss of a significant block of business would likely impact staffing levels and thus, associated compensation expense. other variable costs include professional and consulting expenses and advertising. other factors can impact our administrative cost structure, including systems efficiencies, inflation and changes in productivity.
our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. several economic factors related to healthcare costs, such as regulatory mandates of coverage as well as direct-to-consumer advertising by providers and pharmaceutical companies, have a direct impact on the volume of care consumed by our members. the potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business, and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
for additional information about our business and reportable segments, see part i, item 1, "business" and note 19, "segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
business trends the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010, as amended, or collectively, the aca, has changed and may continue to make broad-based changes to the u.s. healthcare system. we expect the aca will continue to impact our business model and strategy. also, the legal challenges regarding the aca, including a federal district court decision invalidating the aca, or the "2018 aca decision", which judgment has been stayed pending appeal, could significantly disrupt our business. during 2019, we modestly expanded our participation in the individual aca-compliant market. our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. we
currently offer individual aca-compliant products in 91 of the 143 rating regions in which we operate. in addition, the continuing growth in our government-sponsored business exposes us to increased regulatory oversight.
in the second quarter of 2019, we began using our new pharmacy benefits manager called ingeniorx to market and sell a pbm product to fully-insured and self-funded anthem health plan customers throughout the country, as well as to customers outside of the health plans we own. this comprehensive product portfolio includes features such as drug formularies, a pharmacy network, prescription drug database, member services and mail order capabilities. in july 2019, we announced our first contract win with a third-party health insurer, blue cross of idaho, and we began providing pbm services under that contract beginning on january 1, 2020. also beginning in the second quarter of 2019, we began delegating certain pbm administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to caremarkpcs health, l.l.c., or cvs health, which is a subsidiary of cvs health corporation, pursuant to a five-year agreement with cvs health, or the cvs pbm agreement. we intend to retain the responsibilities for ingeniorx's clinical and formulary strategy and development, member and employer experiences, operations, sales, marketing, account management and retail network strategy. from december 2009 through december 2019, we delegated certain pbm functions and administrative services to express scripts, inc., or express scripts, pursuant to our pbm agreement with express scripts, or the esi pbm agreement. in january 2019, we exercised our contractual right to terminate the esi pbm agreement earlier than the original expiration date of december 31, 2019 due to the acquisition of express scripts by cigna corporation, or cigna. we began transitioning existing members from express scripts to ingeniorx in the second quarter of 2019, and completed the transition of all of our members on january 1, 2020. prior to the termination of the esi pbm agreement, express scripts managed the network of pharmacy providers, operated mail order pharmacies and processed prescription drug claims on our behalf, while we sold and supported the product for our members, made formulary decisions, sold drug benefit design strategy and provided front line members support. we expect ingeniorx to provide our members with more cost-effective solutions and improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform.
pricing trends: we strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. we frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. product pricing in our commercial & specialty business segment, including our individual and small group lines of business, remains competitive. revenues from the medicare and medicaid programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government and/or applicable state governments. the aca imposed an annual health insurance provider fee, or hip fee, on health insurers that write certain types of health insurance on u.s. risks. we price our affected products to cover the impact of the hip fee when applicable. the hip fee was suspended for 2019, has resumed for 2020 and has been permanently repealed beginning in 2021.
medical cost trends: our medical cost trends are primarily driven by increases in the utilization of services across all provider types and the unit cost increases of these services. we work to mitigate these trends through various medical management programs such as utilization management, condition management, program integrity and specialty pharmacy management, as well as benefit design changes. there are many drivers of medical cost trends that can cause variance from our estimates, such as changes in the level and mix of services utilized, regulatory changes, aging of the population, health status and other demographic characteristics of our members, epidemics, advances in medical technology, new high cost prescription drugs, and healthcare provider or member fraud. our underlying local group medical cost trends reflect the "allowed amount," or contractual rate, paid to providers. we estimate that our aggregate cost of care trend for the full year of 2019 was approximately 6.0%, at the midpoint of our 5.5% to 6.5% estimated range for the year. we anticipate the local group medical cost trend in 2020 will be in the range of 3.5% to 4.5%, including the benefit of lower pharmacy cost from the launch of ingeniorx and other medical cost management initiatives.
for additional discussion regarding business trends, see part i, item 1 "business" of this annual report on form 10-k.
regulatory trends and uncertainties the aca presented us with new growth opportunities, but also introduced new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. changes to our business environment are likely to continue as elected officials at the national and state levels continue to enact, and both elected officials and candidates for election continue to propose, significant modifications to existing laws and regulations, including changes to taxes and fees. in addition, the legal challenges regarding the aca, including the 2018
aca decision, which judgment has been stayed pending appeal, continue to contribute to this uncertainty. we will continue to evaluate the impact of the aca as any further developments or judicial rulings occur.
the annual hip fee is allocated to health insurers based on the ratio of the amount of an insurer's net premium revenues written during the preceding calendar year to the amount of health insurance premium for all u.s. health risk for those certain lines of business written during the preceding calendar year. we record our estimated liability for the hip fee in full at the beginning of the year with a corresponding deferred asset that is amortized on a straight-line basis to selling, general and administrative expense. the final calculation and payment of the annual hip fee is due by september 30th of each fee year. the hip fee is non-deductible for federal income tax purposes. our affected products are priced to cover the increased selling, general and administrative and income tax expenses associated with the hip fee. the total amount due from allocations to health insurers was $14,300 for 2018, and we recognized $1,544 as selling, general and administrative expense related to the hip fee. there was no corresponding expense for 2019 due to the suspension of the hip fee for 2019. the hip fee has resumed and increased to $15,523 for 2020 and has been permanently eliminated beginning in 2021.
as a result of the aca, the u.s. department of health and human services, or hhs, issued medical loss ratio, or mlr, regulations that require us to meet minimum mlr thresholds of 85% for large group and 80% for small group and individual lines of business. plans that do not meet the minimum thresholds have to pay a mlr rebate. for purposes of determining mlr rebates, hhs has defined the types of costs that should be included in the mlr rebate calculation. however, certain components of the mlr calculation as defined by hhs cannot be classified consistently under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. while considered benefit expense or a reduction of premium revenue by hhs, certain of these costs are classified as other types of expense, such as selling, general and administrative expense or income tax expense, in our gaap basis financial statements. accordingly, the benefit expense ratio determined using our consolidated gaap operating results is not comparable to the mlr calculated under hhs regulations.
the aca also imposed a separate minimum mlr threshold of 85% for medicare advantage and medicare part d prescription drug plans, or medicare part d. medicare advantage or medicare part d plans that do not meet this threshold have to pay an mlr rebate. if a plan's mlr is below 85% for three consecutive years beginning with 2014, enrollment is restricted. a medicare advantage or medicare part d plan contract will be terminated if the plan's mlr is below 85% for five consecutive years.
for additional discussion regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, and risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k, see part i, item 1 "business - regulation" and part i, item 1a "risk factors."
other significant items or transactions in january 2019, we exercised our contractual right to terminate the esi pbm agreement, and we completed the transition of our members from express scripts to ingeniorx on january 1, 2020. notwithstanding our termination of the esi pbm agreement, the litigation between us and express scripts regarding the esi pbm agreement continues. in march 2016, we filed a lawsuit against express scripts seeking to recover damages for pharmacy pricing that is higher than competitive benchmark pricing and damages related to operational breaches. express scripts filed an answer to the lawsuit disputing our contractual claims and alleging various defenses and counterclaims. for additional information regarding this lawsuit, see note 13, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - express scripts, inc. pharmacy benefit management litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in february 2018, we completed our acquisition of freedom health, inc., optimum healthcare, inc., america's 1st choice of south carolina, inc. and related entities, or collectively, america's 1st choice, a medicare advantage organization that offers hmo products, including chronic special needs plans and dual-eligible special needs plans under its freedom health and optimum healthcare brands in florida and its america's 1st choice of south carolina brand in south carolina. at the time of acquisition, through its medicare advantage plans, america's 1st choice served approximately one hundred and thirty-five thousand members in 25 florida and 3 south carolina counties. this acquisition aligned with our plans for continued growth in the medicare advantage and special needs populations.
in december 2017, we acquired healthsun health plans, inc., or healthsun, which at the time of acquisition served approximately forty thousand members in the state of florida through its medicare advantage plans, and which received a
five-star rating from the centers for medicare & medicaid services. this acquisition aligned with our plans for continued growth in the medicare advantage and dual-eligible populations.
for additional information related to the acquisitions of america's 1st choice and healthsun, see note 3, "business acquisitions," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in may 2017, we announced that we were terminating the agreement and plan of merger, or cigna merger agreement, between us and cigna. both we and cigna have commenced litigation against the other seeking various actions and damages, including cigna's damage claim for a $1,850 termination fee pursuant to the terms of the cigna merger agreement. for additional information about the ongoing litigation related to the cigna merger agreement, see note 13, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - cigna corporation merger litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
other significant transactions in recent years that have impacted or will impact our capital structure or that have influenced or will influence how we conduct our business operations include our board of directors' declarations of dividends on our common stock, repurchases of our common stock, and debt repurchases and new debt issuances (2019 and prior). for additional information regarding these transactions, see note 12, "debt" and note 14, "capital stock," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
selected operating performance during the year ended december 31, 2019, total medical membership increased by 1.1, or 2.7%, and this increase was driven primarily by growth in our fully-insured businesses.
operating revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $103,141, an increase of $11,800, or 12.9%, from the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in operating revenue was primarily from higher premiums, and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fees and other revenue.
net income for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $4,807, an increase of $1,057, or 28.2%, from the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in net income was due to higher operating results in both our commercial & specialty business and government business segments, in part due to the benefits realized from the launch of ingeniorx in 2019, net realized gains on financial instruments and lower income tax expense.
our fully-diluted earnings per share, or eps, for the year ended december 31, 2019 were $18.47, an increase of $4.28, or 30.2%, from the year ended december 31, 2018. our diluted shares for the year ended december 31, 2019 were 260.3, a decrease of 3.9, or 1.5%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in eps resulted primarily from the increase in net income in 2019.
operating cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $6,061, or approximately 1.3 times net income. operating cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2018 was $3,827, or approximately 1.0 times net income. the increase in operating cash flow was primarily due to the impact of membership growth in our government business segment as well as higher net income in 2019. these increases were partially offset by the impact of the timing of working capital changes.
our results of operations discussed throughout this md&a are determined in accordance with gaap. we also calculate operating gain to further aid investors in understanding and analyzing our core operating results. we define operating revenue as premium income and administrative fees and other revenue. operating gain is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense, cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expense. we use these measures as a basis for evaluating segment performance, allocating resources, forecasting future operating periods and setting incentive compensation targets. this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for income before income tax expense, net income or eps prepared in accordance with gaap, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. for additional details on operating gain, see our "reportable segments results of operations" discussion included in this md&a. for a reconciliation of reportable segment operating revenue to the amounts of total revenue included in the consolidated statements of income and a reconciliation of reportable segment operating gain to income before income tax expense, see note 19, "segment information," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets. our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. in addition, we believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. in 2019, we continued growing our government-sponsored business and modestly increased our participation in the individual aca-compliant market. in all other markets, we intend to maintain our position by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high-quality provider networks and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the blue cross and blue shield names and marks.
membership our medical membership includes seven different customer types: local group, individual, national accounts, bluecard, medicare, medicaid and our federal employees health benefits, or fehb, program. bcbs-branded business generally refers to members in our service areas licensed by the bcbsa. non-bcbs-branded business refers to members in our non-bcbs-branded amerigroup, freedom health, healthsun, optimum healthcare and simply healthcare plans, as well as healthlink and unicare members. in addition to the above medical membership, we also serve customers who purchase one or more of our other products or services that are often ancillary to our health business.
   local group consists of those employer customers with less than 5% of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state, as well as customers with more than 5% of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state with up to 5,000 eligible employees. in addition, local group includes unicare members. local group accounts are generally sold through brokers or consultants who work with industry specialists from our in-house sales force and are offered both on and off the public exchanges. local group insurance premiums may be based on claims incurred by the group or sold on a self-insured basis. the customer's buying decision is typically based upon the size and breadth of our networks, customer service, the quality of our medical management services, the administrative cost included in our quoted price, our financial stability, our reputation and our ability to effectively service large complex accounts. local group accounted for 38.2%, 39.4% and 39.4% of our medical members at december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
   individual consists of individual customers under age 65 and their covered dependents. individual policies are generally sold through independent agents and brokers, retail partnerships, our in-house sales force or via the exchanges. individual business is sold on a fully-insured basis. we offer on-exchange products through public exchanges and off-exchange products. federal premium subsidies are available only for certain public exchange individual products. unsubsidized individual customers are generally more sensitive to product pricing and, to a lesser extent, the configuration of the network and the efficiency of administration. customer turnover is generally higher with individual as compared to local group. individual business accounted for 1.7%, 1.6% and 3.9% of our medical members at december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
   national accounts generally consist of multi-state employer groups primarily headquartered in an anthem service area with at least 5% of the eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state and with more than 5,000 eligible employees. some exceptions are allowed based on broker and consultant relationships. service area is defined as the geographic area in which we are licensed to sell bcbs products. national accounts are generally sold through independent brokers or consultants retained by the customer working with our in-house sales force. we believe we have an advantage when competing for very large national accounts due to the size and breadth of our networks and our ability to access the national provider networks of bcbs companies at their competitive local market rates. national accounts represented 18.5%, 19.0% and 18.5% of our medical members at december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
   bluecard host customers represent enrollees of blue cross and/or blue shield plans not owned by anthem who receive healthcare services in our bcbsa licensed markets. bluecard membership consists of estimated host members using the national bluecard program. host members are generally members who reside in or travel to a state in which an anthem subsidiary is the blue cross and/or blue shield licensee and who are covered under an employer-sponsored health plan issued by a non-anthem controlled bcbsa licensee (i.e., the "home plan"). we perform certain administrative functions for bluecard members, for which we receive administrative fees from the bluecard members' home plans. other administrative functions, including maintenance of enrollment information and customer service, are performed by the home plan. host members are computed using, among other things, the
average number of bluecard claims received per month. bluecard host membership accounted for 14.8%, 14.6% and 14.2% of our medical members at december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
   medicare customers are medicare-eligible individual members age 65 and over who have enrolled in medicare supplement plans; medicare advantage, including special needs plans or snps, also known as medicare advantage snps; medicare part d; and dual-eligible programs through medicare-medicaid plans, or mmps. medicare supplement plans typically pay the difference between healthcare costs incurred by a beneficiary and amounts paid by medicare. medicare advantage plans provide medicare beneficiaries with a managed care alternative to traditional medicare and often include a medicare part d benefit. in addition, our medicare advantage snps provide tailored benefits to special needs individuals who are institutionalized or have severe or disabling chronic conditions and to dual-eligible customers, who are low-income seniors and persons under age 65 with disabilities. medicare advantage snps are coordinated care plans specifically designed to provide targeted care, covering all the health care services considered medically necessary for members and often providing professional care coordination services, with personal guidance and programs that help members maintain their health. medicare advantage membership also includes employer group medicare advantage members who are related to national accounts or retired members of local group accounts who have selected a medicare advantage product. medicare part d offers a prescription drug plan to medicare and mmp beneficiaries. mmp, which was established as a result of the passage of the aca, is a demonstration program focused on serving members who are dually eligible for medicaid and medicare. medicare supplement and medicare advantage products are marketed in the same manner, primarily through independent agents and brokers. medicare business accounted for 5.2%, 4.6% and 3.9% of our medical members at december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
   medicaid membership represents eligible members who receive healthcare benefits through publicly funded healthcare programs, including medicaid, aca-related medicaid expansion programs, temporary assistance for needy families, programs for seniors and people with disabilities, children's health insurance programs, and specialty programs such as those focused on long-term services and support, hiv/aids, foster care, behavioral health and/or substance abuse disorders, and intellectual disabilities or developmental disabilities, among others. total medicaid program business accounted for 17.7%, 16.8% and 16.1% of our medical members at december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
   fehb members consist of united states government employees and their dependents within our geographic markets through our participation in the national contract between the bcbsa and the u.s. office of personnel management. fehb business accounted for 3.9% of our medical members at each of december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
in addition to reporting our medical membership by customer type, we report by funding arrangement according to the level of risk that we assume in the product contract. our two principal funding arrangement categories are fully-insured and self-funded. fully-insured products are products in which we indemnify our policyholders against costs for health benefits. self-funded products are offered to customers, generally larger employers, who elect to retain most or all of the financial risk associated with their employees' healthcare costs. some self-funded customers choose to purchase stop loss coverage to limit their retained risk.
the following table presents our medical membership by customer type, funding arrangement and reportable segment as of december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017. also included below is other membership by product. the medical membership and other membership presented are unaudited and in certain instances include estimates of the number of members represented by each contract at the end of the period.
(in thousands)                                             2019             2018             2017            change           % change           change            % change medical membership customer type local group                                         15,682            15,733           15,888             (51     )        (0.3     )%       (155     )         (1.0     )%
medicare advantage                                   1,214             1,006              746             208              20.7      %        260               34.9      %
total medical membership by customer type           41,000            39,938           40,299           1,062               2.7      %       (361     )         (0.9     )%
reportable segment commercial &amp; specialty business                 30,022            29,814           30,672             208               0.7      %       (858     )         (2.8     )%
government business                                 10,978            10,124            9,627             854               8.4      %        497                5.2      %
medical membership total medical membership increased across our reportable business segments, and the increase was driven primarily by growth in our fully-insured businesses. fully-insured membership increased primarily due to growth in our medicaid and medicare businesses. self-funded medical membership increased primarily due to higher activity from bluecard membership, partially offset by the decrease in our large group self-funded membership, which declined as a result of competitive pressures. medicaid membership increased primarily due to expansions in new and existing markets, partially offset by the membership decrease resulting from the loss of a contract. medicare membership increased primarily due to
higher sales during open enrollment exceeding lapses. bluecard membership increased due to higher activity by members of other bcbsa plans who reside in or travel to our licensed areas.
other membership growth in our other membership can be impacted by changes in our medical membership, as our medical members often purchase our other products that are ancillary to our health business. we have experienced growth in our life and disability and dental memberships primarily due to higher sales in our large group business. vision membership increased primarily due to higher sales in our medicare advantage plans and large group business. dental administration membership increased primarily due to growth in our fehb program.
consolidated results of operations our consolidated summarized results of operations and other information for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:
change years ended december 31                             2019 vs. 2018                             2018 vs. 2017
total operating revenue                                                    $103,141               $91,341               $89,061              $11,800                 12.9    %          $2,280                  2.6    %
net realized gains (losses) on financial instruments                            114                  (180    )              145                  294                163.3    %            (325    )          (224.1   )%
other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in income                     (47    )              (26    )              (33    )             (21    )           (80.8   )%               7                 21.2    %
benefit expense                                                              81,786                71,895                72,236                9,891                 13.8    %            (341    )            (0.5   )%
cost of products sold                                                         1,992                     -                     -                1,992                   nm                    -                    -
benefit expense ratio                                                          86.8    %             84.2    %             86.4    %                                260bp                                   (220)bp selling, general and administrative expense ratio                              13.0    %             15.3    %             14.2    %                             (230)bp3                                    110bp3
income before income tax expense as a percentage of total revenues              5.7    %              5.5    %              4.4    %                                20bp3                                    110bp3
net income as a percentage of total revenues                                    4.6    %              4.1    %              4.3    %                                50bp3                                   (20)bp3
certain of the following definitions are also applicable to all other results of operations tables in this discussion:
includes interest expense, amortization of other intangible assets and loss on extinguishment of debt.
benefit expense ratio represents benefit expense as a percentage of premium revenue. premiums for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were $94,173, $85,421 and $83,648, respectively. premiums are included in total operating revenue presented above.
selling, general and administrative expense ratio represents selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of total operating revenue.
the increase in total operating revenue was primarily from higher premiums, and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fees and other revenue. the higher premiums were largely due to medicaid expansions in new and existing markets and membership growth in our medicare business. the increase in premiums was further attributable to rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends. these increases in premiums were partially offset by the impact of the hip fee suspension for 2019. the increase in administrative fees and other revenue was primarily driven by ingeniorx, our pbm, which began its operations during the second quarter of 2019.
we recognized net realized gains on financial instruments in 2019 compared to net realized losses on financial instruments in 2018. this change was primarily due to a decrease in the net losses recognized for changes in the fair values of our equity securities.
benefit expense increased primarily due to membership growth across our reportable business segments and higher medical cost experience in our medicaid business.
our benefit expense ratio increased largely due to the loss of revenue associated with the hip fee suspension for 2019, and, to a lesser extent, less favorable prior year reserve development in our commercial & specialty business segment during 2019 and margin normalization in our individual business.
cost of products sold reflects the cost of pharmaceuticals dispensed by ingeniorx for our self-funded customers. ingeniorx began operations during the second quarter of 2019, so there was no cost of products sold recognized in 2018.
selling, general and administrative expense decreased primarily due to the suspension of the hip fee for 2019. this decrease was partially offset by a net increase in spend to support growth in our businesses.
our selling, general and administrative expense ratio decreased due to the growth in total operating revenue and the suspension of the hip fee for 2019.
our effective tax rate decreased primarily due to the suspension of the non-tax deductible hip fee for 2019.
our net income as a percentage of total revenue increased as a result of all factors discussed above.
reportable segments results of operations we use operating gain to evaluate the performance of our reportable segments, which are commercial & specialty business, government business, and other. operating gain is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense, cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expense. it does not include net investment income, net realized gains (losses) on financial instruments, other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in income, interest expense, amortization of other intangible assets, loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt or income taxes, as these items are managed in a corporate shared service environment and are not the responsibility of operating segment management.
the discussion of segment results presented below are based on operating gain, as described above, and operating margin, which is calculated as operating gain divided by operating revenue. our definitions of operating gain and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. for additional information, see note 19, "segment information," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the following table presents a summary of our reportable segment financial information for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017:
change years ended december 31                            2019 vs. 2018                           2018 vs. 2017
operating revenue commercial &amp; specialty business           $37,421               $35,782               $40,363                1,639                 4.6    %          (4,581    )         (11.3   )%
government business                            62,632                55,348                48,587                7,284                13.2    %           6,761               13.9    %
other                                           7,695                 1,519                   127                6,176               406.6    %           1,392                 nm eliminations                                   (4,607    )           (1,308    )              (16    )          (3,299    )             nm               (1,292    )            nm total operating revenue                      $103,141               $91,341               $89,061              $11,800                12.9    %          $2,280                2.6    %
operating gain (loss)
commercial &amp; specialty business            $4,046                $3,600                $2,847                  446                12.4    %             753               26.4    %
government business                             2,054                 1,928                 1,442                  126                 6.5    %             486               33.7    %
operating margin commercial &amp; specialty business              10.8    %             10.1    %              7.1    %                               70bp1                                  300bp1
government business                               3.3    %              3.5    %              3.0    %                             (20)bp1                                   50bp1
commercial & specialty business operating revenue increased primarily due to higher premium revenue and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fees and other revenue. premium revenue was higher as a result of rate increases in our local group business designed to cover overall cost trends and membership increases in our fully-insured businesses. these increases in premium revenue were partially offset by the impact of the hip fee suspension for 2019. the increase in administrative fees and other revenue was due to higher penetration of value-added services for self-funded members in our large group and national accounts businesses.
the increase in operating gain was primarily driven by the benefits realized in pharmacy cost as a result of the launch of ingeniorx in 2019 and greater penetration of value-added services and integrated health offerings. these increases were partially offset by less favorable prior year reserve development during 2019 and margin normalization in our individual business.
government business operating revenue increased primarily due to higher premium revenue as a result of medicaid expansions in new and existing markets, including specialized service populations, and membership growth in our medicare business. the increase in premium revenue was further attributable to rate increases designed to cover overall cost trends in our medicare and medicaid businesses as well as increased reimbursed benefit utilization in our federal health products & services business. these increases were partially offset by the impact of the hip fee suspension for 2019.
the increase in operating gain was primarily driven by the impact of premium increases due to rate adjustments and membership growth in our medicaid business. this increase was partially offset by the impact of the hip fee suspension for 2019 and an increase in selling, general and administrative spend to support growth in our businesses.
other operating revenue increased due to higher administrative fees and other revenue from ingeniorx and dbg. the increase was primarily driven by growth in our pharmacy services provided by ingeniorx, which commenced operations and began transitioning existing clients from express scripts to ingeniorx in the second quarter of 2019.
operating loss remained steady, as there were no substantial changes in unallocated corporate expenses. for our segment reporting, operating gains (losses) generated from ingeniorx and dbg affiliated activity have been included in our commercial & specialty business and government business based upon their utilization of services from ingeniorx and dbg.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap. application of gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and within this md&a. we consider our most important accounting policies that require significant estimates and management judgment to be those policies with respect to liabilities for medical claims payable, income taxes, goodwill and other intangible assets, investments and retirement benefits, which are discussed below. our other significant accounting policies are summarized in note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, evaluation of current trends, information from third-party professionals and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the known facts and circumstances. estimates can require a significant amount of judgment and a different set of assumptions could result in material changes to our reported results.
medical claims payable the most subjective accounting estimate in our consolidated financial statements is our liability for medical claims payable. at december 31, 2019, this liability was $8,842 and represented 19% of our total consolidated liabilities. we record this liability and the corresponding benefit expense for incurred but not paid claims, including the estimated costs of processing such claims. incurred but not paid claims include (1) an estimate for claims that are incurred but not reported, as well as claims reported to us but not yet processed through our systems, which approximated 98%, or $8,633, of our total medical claims liability as of december 31, 2019; and (2) claims reported to us and processed through our systems but not yet paid, which approximated 2%, or $209, of the total medical claims payable as of december 31, 2019. the level of claims payable processed through our systems but not yet paid may fluctuate from one period-end to the next, from approximately 1% to 5% of our total medical claims liability, due to timing of when claim payments are made.
liabilities for both claims incurred but not reported and reported but not yet processed through our systems are determined in the aggregate, employing actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice. actuarial standards of practice require that the claim liabilities be appropriate under moderately adverse circumstances. we determine the amount of the liability for incurred but not paid claims by following a detailed actuarial process that uses both historical claim payment patterns as well as emerging medical cost trends to project our best estimate of claim liabilities. under this process, historical paid claims data is formatted into "claim triangles," which compare claim incurred dates to the dates of claim payments. this information is analyzed to create "completion factors" that represent the average percentage of total incurred claims that have been paid through a given date after being incurred. completion factors are applied to claims paid through the period-end date to estimate the ultimate claim expense incurred for the period. actuarial estimates of incurred but not paid claim liabilities are then determined by subtracting the actual paid claims from the estimate of the ultimate incurred claims.
for the most recent incurred months (typically the most recent two months), the percentage of claims paid for claims incurred in those months is generally low. this makes the completion factor methodology less reliable for such months. therefore, incurred claims for recent months are not projected from historical completion and payment patterns; rather, they are projected by estimating the claims expense for those months based on recent claims expense levels and healthcare trend levels, or "trend factors."
because the reserve methodology is based upon historical information, it must be adjusted for known or suspected operational and environmental changes. these adjustments are made by our actuaries based on their knowledge and their estimate of emerging impacts to benefit costs and payment speed. circumstances to be considered in developing our best estimate of reserves include changes in utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations. a comparison of prior period liabilities to re-estimated claim liabilities based on subsequent claims development is also considered in making the liability determination. in our comparison to prior periods, the methods and assumptions are not changed as reserves are recalculated; rather, the availability of additional paid claims information drives changes in the re-estimate of the unpaid claim liability. to the extent appropriate, changes in such development are recorded as a change to current period benefit expense.
we regularly review and set assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization when initially establishing claim liabilities. we continually monitor and adjust the claims liability and benefit expense based on subsequent paid claims activity. if it is determined that our assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization are materially different than actual results, our income statement and financial position could be impacted in future periods. adjustments of prior year estimates may result in additional benefit expense or a reduction of benefit expense in the period an adjustment is made. further, due to the considerable variability of healthcare costs, adjustments to claim liabilities occur each period and are sometimes significant as compared to the net income recorded in that period. prior period development is recognized immediately upon the actuary's judgment that a portion of the prior period liability is no longer needed or that an additional liability should have been accrued. that determination is made when sufficient information is available to ascertain that the re-estimate of the liability is reasonable.
while there are many factors that are used as a part of the estimation of our medical claims payable liability, the two key assumptions having the most significant impact on our incurred but not paid claims liability as of december 31, 2019 were the completion and trend factors. as discussed above, these two key assumptions can be influenced by utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations.
there is variation in the reasonable choice of completion factors by duration for durations of three months through twelve months where the completion factors have the most significant impact. as previously discussed, completion factors tend to be less reliable for the most recent months and therefore are not specifically utilized for months one and two. in our analysis for the claim liabilities at december 31, 2019, the variability in months three to five was estimated to be between 40 and 90 basis points, while months six through twelve have much lower estimated variability ranging from 0 to 30 basis points.
the difference in completion factor assumptions, assuming moderately adverse experience, results in variability of 3%, or approximately $241, in the december 31, 2019 incurred but not paid claims liability, depending on the completion factors chosen. it is important to note that the completion factor methodology inherently assumes that historical completion rates will be reflective of the current period. however, it is possible that the actual completion rates for the current period will develop differently from historical patterns and therefore could fall outside the possible variations described herein.
the other major assumption used in the establishment of the december 31, 2019 incurred but not paid claim liability was the trend factors. in our analysis for the period ended december 31, 2019, there was a 320 basis point differential in the high and low trend factors assuming moderately adverse experience. this range of trend factors would imply variability of 5%, or approximately $468, in the incurred but not paid claims liability, depending upon the trend factors used. because historical trend factors are often not representative of current claim trends, the trend experience for the most recent six to nine months, plus knowledge of recent events likely affecting current trends, have been taken into consideration in establishing the incurred but not paid claims liability at december 31, 2019.
see note 11, "medical claims payable," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance for medical claims payable for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017. components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current year estimated claims expense as well as adjustments to prior year estimated accruals. in note 11, "medical claims payable," the line labeled "net incurred medical claims: prior years redundancies" accounts for those
adjustments made to prior year estimates. the impact of any reduction of "net incurred medical claims: prior years redundancies" may be offset as we establish the estimate of "net incurred medical claims: current year." our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for our claims. when we recognize a release of the redundancy, we disclose the amount that is not in the ordinary course of business, if material.
the ratio of current year medical claims paid as a percent of current year net medical claims incurred was 89.3% for 2019, 90.2% for 2018 and 89.4% for 2017. this ratio serves as an indicator of claims processing speed whereby claims were processed slightly slower during 2019 than in 2018 and close to the same speed as in 2017.
we calculate the percentage of prior year redundancies in the current year as a percent of prior year net incurred claims payable less prior year redundancies in the current year in order to demonstrate the development of the prior year reserves. for the year ended december 31, 2019, this metric was 7.4%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2018 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2018. for the year ended december 31, 2018, this metric was 13.7%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2017 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2017. for the year ended december 31, 2017, this metric was 18.9%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2016.
we calculate the percentage of prior year redundancies in the current year as a percent of prior year net incurred medical claims to indicate the percentage of redundancy included in the preceding year calculation of current year net incurred medical claims. we believe this calculation supports the reasonableness of our prior year estimate of incurred medical claims and the consistency in our methodology. for the year ended december 31, 2019, this metric was 0.7%, which was calculated using the redundancy of $500. this metric was 1.3% for 2018 and 1.8% for 2017. these metrics demonstrate a generally consistent level of reserve conservatism.
the following table shows the variance between total net incurred medical claims as reported in note 11, "medical claims payable," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for each of 2018 and 2017 and the incurred claims for such years had it been determined retrospectively (computed as the difference between "net incurred medical claims - current year" for the year shown and "net incurred medical claims - prior years redundancies" for the immediately following year):
given that our business is primarily short tailed (which means that medical claims are generally paid within twelve months of the member receiving service from the provider), the variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported above, is used to assess the reasonableness of our estimate of ultimate incurred medical claims for a given calendar year with the benefit of one year of experience. we expect that substantially all of the development of the 2019 estimate of medical claims payable will be known during 2020.
the 2018 variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported of (0.6)% was higher than the 2017 percentage of (0.3)%. this was driven by the fact that the change in the prior year redundancy reported for 2019 as compared to 2018 was greater than the change in the prior year redundancy reported for 2018 as compared to 2017.
income taxes we account for income taxes in accordance with fasb guidance, which requires, among other things, the separate recognition of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. such deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities represent the tax effect of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting measured at tax rates enacted at the time the deferred tax asset or liability is recorded. a valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets if it is "more
at each financial reporting date, we assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance by evaluating each of our deferred tax assets based on the following:
   the types of temporary differences that created the deferred tax asset;
   the amount of taxes paid in prior periods and available for a carry-back claim;
   the tax rate at which the deferred tax assets will likely be utilized in the future;
   the forecasted future taxable income, and therefore, likely future deduction of the deferred tax item; and
   any significant other issues impacting the likely realization of the benefit of the temporary differences.
we, like other companies, frequently face challenges from tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. these challenges include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions that we have taken on our tax returns. in evaluating any additional tax liability associated with various positions taken in our tax return filings, we record additional liabilities for potential adverse tax outcomes. based on our evaluation of our tax positions, we believe we have appropriately accrued for uncertain tax benefits, as required by the applicable guidance. to the extent we prevail in matters we have accrued for, our future effective tax rate would be reduced and net income would increase. if we are required to pay more than accrued, our future effective tax rate would increase and net income would decrease. our effective tax rate and net income in any given future period could be materially impacted.
in the ordinary course of business, we are regularly audited by federal and other tax authorities, and from time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments. we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law, and we intend to defend our positions vigorously through the federal, state and local appeals processes. we believe we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters. accordingly, although their ultimate resolution may require additional tax payments, we do not anticipate any material impact on our results of operations or financial condition from these matters.
for additional information, see note 7, "income taxes," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
goodwill and other intangible assets our consolidated goodwill at december 31, 2019 was $20,500 and other intangible assets were $8,674. the sum of goodwill and other intangible assets represented 37.7% of our total consolidated assets and 92.0% of our consolidated shareholders' equity at december 31, 2019.
we follow fasb guidance for business combinations and goodwill and other intangible assets, which specifies the types of acquired intangible assets that are required to be recognized and reported separately from goodwill. under the guidance, goodwill and other intangible assets (with indefinite lives) are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually. furthermore, goodwill and other intangible assets are allocated to reporting units for purposes of the annual impairment test. our impairment tests require us to make assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units, which include goodwill and other intangible assets. in addition, certain other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as trademarks, are also tested separately.
we complete our annual impairment tests of existing goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives during the fourth quarter of each year. these tests involve the use of estimates related to the fair value of goodwill at the reporting unit level and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, and require a significant degree of management judgment and the use of subjective assumptions. certain interim impairment tests are also performed when potential impairment indicators exist or changes in our business or other triggering events occur. we have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment for each reporting unit to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, which is an indication that our goodwill may be impaired. these qualitative impairment tests include assessing events and factors that could affect the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. our procedures include assessing our financial performance, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, various asset specific
factors and entity specific events. if we determine that a reporting unit's goodwill may be impaired after utilizing these qualitative impairment analysis procedures, we are required to perform a quantitative impairment test.
our quantitative impairment test utilizes the projected income and market valuation approaches for goodwill and the projected income approach for our indefinite lived intangible assets. use of the projected income and market valuation approaches for our goodwill impairment test reflects our view that both valuation methodologies provide a reasonable estimate of fair value. the projected income approach is developed using assumptions about future revenue, expenses and net income derived from our internal planning process. these estimated future cash flows are then discounted. our assumed discount rate is based on our industry's weighted-average cost of capital. market valuations are based on observed multiples of certain measures including revenue; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; and book value of invested capital (debt and equity) and include market comparisons to publicly traded companies in our industry.
we did not incur any impairment losses as a result of our 2019 annual impairment tests, as it was determined that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our reporting units were substantially in excess of the carrying values as of december 31, 2019. additionally, we do not believe that the estimated fair values of our reporting units are at risk of becoming impaired in the next twelve months.
if estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives in future annual impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income.
for additional information, see note 3, "business acquisitions" and note 9, "goodwill and other intangible assets," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
investments current and long-term marketable investment securities were $21,220 at december 31, 2019 and represented 27.4% of our total consolidated assets at december 31, 2019. we classify fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio as "available-for-sale" or "trading" and report those securities at fair value. certain fixed maturity securities are available to support current operations and, accordingly, we classify such investments as current assets without regard to their contractual maturity. investments used to satisfy contractual, regulatory or other requirements are classified as long-term, without regard to contractual maturity.
we review fixed maturity investment securities to determine if declines in fair value below cost are other-than-temporary. this review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. we conduct this review on a quarterly basis, using both qualitative and quantitative factors, to determine whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary. such factors considered include the extent to which a security's market value has been less than its cost, the reasons for the decline in value (i.e., credit event compared to liquidity, general credit spread widening, currency exchange rate or interest rate factors), financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, including the credit ratings and changes in the credit ratings of the issuer, recommendations of investment advisors, and forecasts of economic, market or industry trends.
fasb other-than-temporary impairment, or otti, guidance applies to fixed maturity securities and provides guidance on the recognition, presentation of, and disclosures for ottis. if a fixed maturity security is in an unrealized loss position and we have the intent to sell the fixed maturity security, or it is more likely than not that we will have to sell the fixed maturity security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the decline in value is deemed to be other-than-temporary and is presented within the other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in our consolidated statements of income. for impaired fixed maturity securities that we do not intend to sell or it is more likely than not that we will not have to sell such securities, but we expect that we will not fully recover the amortized cost basis, the credit component of the otti is presented within the other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in our consolidated statements of income and the non-credit component of the otti is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets. furthermore, unrealized losses entirely caused by non-credit related factors related to fixed maturity securities for which we expect to fully recover the amortized cost basis continue to be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss.
the credit component of an otti is determined primarily by comparing the net present value of projected future cash flows with the amortized cost basis of the fixed maturity security. the net present value is calculated by discounting our best estimate of projected future cash flows at the effective interest rate implicit in the fixed maturity security at the date of
acquisition. for mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, cash flow estimates are based on assumptions regarding the underlying collateral, including prepayment speeds, vintage, type of underlying asset, geographic concentrations, default rates, recoveries and changes in value. for all other securities, cash flow estimates are driven by assumptions regarding probability of default, including changes in credit ratings and estimates regarding timing and amount of recoveries associated with a default.
we have a committee of accounting and investment associates and management that is responsible for managing the impairment review process. we believe we have adequately reviewed our investment securities for impairment and that our investment securities are carried at fair value. however, over time, the economic and market environment may provide additional insight regarding the fair value of certain securities, which could change our judgment regarding impairment. this could result in otti losses on investments being charged against future income. given the uncertainty of future market conditions, as well as the significant judgments involved, there is continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and material otti losses on investments may be recorded in future periods.
in addition to marketable investment securities, we held additional long-term investments of $4,228, or 5.5% of total consolidated assets, at december 31, 2019. these long-term investments consisted primarily of certain other equity investments, the cash surrender value of corporate-owned life insurance policies and real estate. due to their less liquid nature, these investments are classified as long-term.
through our investing activities, we are exposed to financial market risks, including those resulting from changes in interest rates and changes in equity market valuations. we manage market risks through our investment policy, which establishes credit quality limits and limits on investments in individual issuers. ineffective management of these risks could have an impact on our future results of operations and financial condition. our investment portfolio includes fixed maturity securities with a fair value of $20,181 at december 31, 2019. the weighted-average credit rating of these securities was "a" as of december 31, 2019. included in this balance are investments in fixed maturity securities of states, municipalities and political subdivisions of $900 that are guaranteed by third parties. with the exception of four securities with a fair value of $12, these securities are all investment-grade and carry a weighted-average credit rating of "a" as of december 31, 2019. the securities are guaranteed by a number of different guarantors, and we do not have any material exposure to any single guarantor, neither indirectly through the guarantees, nor directly through investment in the guarantor. further, due to the high underlying credit rating of the issuers, the weighted-average credit rating of the fixed maturity securities without a guarantee, for which such information is available, was "a" as of december 31, 2019.
fair values of fixed maturity and equity securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. these fair values are obtained primarily from third-party pricing services, which generally use level i or level ii inputs for the determination of fair value in accordance with fasb guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures. we have controls in place to review the pricing services' qualifications and procedures used to determine fair values. in addition, we periodically review the pricing services' pricing methodologies, data sources and pricing inputs to ensure the fair values obtained are reasonable.
we obtain quoted market prices for each security from the pricing services, which are derived through recently reported trades for identical or similar securities, making adjustments through the reporting date based upon available market observable information. for securities not actively traded, the pricing services may use quoted market prices of comparable instruments or discounted cash flow analyses, incorporating inputs that are currently observable in the markets for similar securities. inputs that are often used in these valuation methodologies include, but are not limited to, broker quotes, benchmark yields, credit spreads, default rates and prepayment speeds. as we are responsible for the determination of fair value, we perform analysis on the prices received from the pricing services to determine whether the prices are reasonable estimates of fair value. our analysis includes procedures such as a review of month-to-month price fluctuations and price comparisons to secondary pricing services. there were no adjustments to quoted market prices obtained from the pricing services during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018.
in certain circumstances, it may not be possible to derive pricing model inputs from observable market activity, and therefore, such inputs are estimated internally. such securities are designated level iii in accordance with fasb guidance. securities designated level iii at december 31, 2019 totaled $397 and represented approximately 1.7% of our total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. our level iii securities primarily consisted of certain corporate securities and equity securities for which observable inputs were not always available and the fair values of these securities were estimated using inputs including, but not limited to, prepayment speeds, credit spreads, default rates and benchmark yields.
for additional information, see part ii, item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," and note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," note 4, "investments," and note 6, "fair value," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
retirement benefits pension benefits we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for some of our employees. these plans are accounted for in accordance with fasb guidance for retirement benefits, which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined on an actuarial basis. as permitted by the guidance, we calculate the value of plan assets as described below. further, the difference between our expected rate of return and the actual performance of plan assets, as well as certain changes in pension liabilities, are amortized over future periods.
an important factor in determining our pension expense is the assumption for expected long-term return on plan assets. as of our december 31, 2019 measurement date, we selected a weighted-average long-term rate of return on plan assets of 7.33%. we use a total portfolio return analysis in the development of our assumption. factors such as past market performance, the long-term relationship between fixed maturity and equity securities, interest rates, inflation and asset allocations are considered in the assumption. the assumption includes an estimate of the additional return expected from active management of the investment portfolio. peer data and an average of historical returns are also reviewed for appropriateness of the selected assumption. we believe our assumption of future returns is reasonable. however, if we lower our expected long-term return on plan assets, future contributions to the pension plan and pension expense would likely increase.
this assumed long-term rate of return on assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets, which recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets in a systematic manner over three years, producing the expected return on plan assets that is included in the determination of pension expense. we apply a corridor approach to amortize unrecognized actuarial gains or losses. under this approach, only accumulated net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets are amortized over the average remaining service or lifetime of the workforce as a component of pension expense. the net deferral of past asset gains or losses affects the calculated value of plan assets and, ultimately, future pension expense.
the discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year based on our most recent measurement date. we use the annual spot rate approach for setting our discount rate. under the spot rate approach, individual spot rates from a full yield curve of published rates are used to discount each plan's cash flows to determine the plan's obligation. at the december 31, 2019 measurement date, the weighted-average discount rate under the annual spot rate approach was 3.11%, compared to 4.15% at the december 31, 2018 measurement date. the net effect of changes in the discount rate, as well as the net effect of other changes in actuarial assumptions and experience, have been deferred and amortized as a component of pension expense in accordance with fasb guidance.
in managing the plan assets, our objective is to be a responsible fiduciary while minimizing financial risk. plan assets include a diversified mix of equity securities, investment grade fixed maturity securities and other types of investments across a range of sectors and levels of capitalization to maximize long-term return for a prudent level of risk. in addition to producing a reasonable return, the investment strategy seeks to minimize the volatility in our expense and cash flow.
effective january 1, 2019, we curtailed the benefits under the anthem cash balance plan b pension plan. all grandfathered participants no longer have pay credits added to their accounts, but continue to earn interest on existing account balances. participants continue to earn years of pension service for vesting purposes.
other postretirement benefits we provide most associates with certain medical, vision and dental benefits upon retirement. we use various actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate and the expected trend in healthcare costs, to estimate the costs and benefit obligations for our retiree benefits.
at our december 31, 2019 measurement date, the selected discount rate for all plans was 2.93%, compared to a discount rate of 4.04% at the december 31, 2018 measurement rate. we developed this rate using the annual spot rate approach as described above.
the assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of pre-medicare (those who are not currently eligible for medicare benefits) other benefits at our december 31, 2019 measurement date was 7.00% for 2020 with a gradual decline to 4.50% by the year 2028. the assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of post-medicare (those who are currently eligible for medicare benefits) other benefits at our december 31, 2019 measurement date was 6.00% for 2020 with a gradual decline to 4.50% by the year 2028. these estimated trend rates are subject to change in the future. the healthcare cost trend rate assumption affects the amounts reported. for example, an increase in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate of one percentage point would increase the postretirement benefit obligation as of december 31, 2019 by $23 and would increase service and interest costs by $1. conversely, a decrease in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate of one percentage point would decrease the postretirement benefit obligation as of december 31, 2019 by $20 and would decrease service and interest costs by $1.
for additional information regarding our retirement benefits, see note 10, "retirement benefits," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting pronouncements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements that were issued or became effective during the year ended december 31, 2019 that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or financial statement disclosures, see the "recently adopted accounting guidance" and "recent accounting guidance not yet adopted" sections of note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources introduction our cash receipts result primarily from premiums, administrative fees and other revenue, investment income, proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, proceeds from borrowings, and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans. cash disbursements result mainly from claims payments, administrative expenses, taxes, purchases of investment securities, interest expense, payments on borrowings, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repurchases of our debt securities and common stock and the payment of cash dividends. cash outflows fluctuate with the amount and timing of settlement of these transactions. any future decline in our profitability would likely have an unfavorable impact on our liquidity.
we manage our cash, investments and capital structure so we are able to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our business while maintaining financial flexibility and liquidity. we forecast, analyze and monitor our cash flows to enable investment and financing within the overall constraints of our financial strategy.
a substantial portion of the assets held by our regulated subsidiaries are in the form of cash and cash equivalents and investments. after considering expected cash flows from operating activities, we generally invest cash that exceeds our near term obligations in longer term marketable fixed maturity securities to improve our overall investment income returns. our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements, while preserving our asset base. our investments are generally available-for-sale to meet liquidity and other needs. our subsidiaries pay out excess capital annually in the form of dividends to their respective parent companies for general corporate use, as permitted by applicable regulations.
the availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, debt ratings, contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and market conditions. the securities and credit markets have in the past experienced higher than normal volatility, although current market conditions are more stable. during recent years, the federal government and various governmental agencies have taken a number of steps to improve liquidity in the financial markets and strengthen the regulation of the financial services market. in addition,
governments around the world have developed their own plans to provide liquidity and security in the credit markets and to ensure adequate capital in certain financial institutions.
we have a $3,500 commercial paper program. should commercial paper issuance be unavailable, we have the ability to use a combination of cash on hand and/or our two senior revolving credit facilities, which provide for combined credit in the amount of $3,500, to redeem any outstanding commercial paper upon maturity. additionally, we believe the lenders participating in our credit facilities would be willing and able to provide financing in accordance with their legal obligations. in addition to the senior revolving credit facilities, we estimate that we expect to receive approximately $3,035 of dividends from our subsidiaries during 2020, which also provides further operating and financial flexibility.
a summary of our major sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 is as follows:
years ended december 31                                          $ change
sources of cash:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                    $6,061                $3,827                $4,185                 $2,234                    $(358      )
proceeds from sales, maturities, calls and redemptions of investments, net of purchases           -                 1,929                     -                 (1,929      )             1,929
issuance of common stock under equity units stock purchase contracts                              -                 1,250                     -                 (1,250      )             1,250
issuances of commercial paper and short- and long-term debt, net of repayments                  608                     -                 3,653                    608                   (3,653      )
issuances of common stock under employee stock plans                                            187                   173                   225                     14                      (52      )
changes in bank overdrafts                                                                        -                     -                    71                      -                      (71      )
other sources of cash, net                                                                      254                   174                   703                     80                     (529      )
total sources of cash                                                                         7,110                 7,353                 8,837                   (243      )            (1,484      )
uses of cash:
purchases of investments, net of proceeds from sales, maturities, calls and redemptions      (1,919    )                -                (2,913    )            (1,919      )             2,913
purchases of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                                   -                (1,760    )           (2,080    )             1,760                      320
repurchase and retirement of common stock                                                    (1,701    )           (1,685    )           (1,998    )               (16      )               313
purchases of property and equipment                                                          (1,077    )           (1,208    )             (791    )               131                     (417      )
repayments of commercial paper and short- and long-term debt, net of issuances                    -                (1,086    )                -                  1,086                   (1,086      )
changes in bank overdrafts                                                                     (169    )             (210    )                -                     41                     (210      )
other uses of cash, net                                                                        (423    )             (301    )             (820    )              (122      )               519
total uses of cash                                                                           (6,107    )           (7,026    )           (9,307    )               919                    2,281
effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                     -                    (2    )                4                      2                       (6      )
the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the impact of membership growth in our medicaid and medicare businesses as well as higher net income in 2019. these increases in operating cash flow were partially offset by the impact of the timing of working capital changes.
other significant changes in sources and uses of cash year-over-year included an increase in net purchases of investments in 2019 compared to net proceeds received from sales, maturities, calls and redemptions of investments in 2018, a decrease in cash paid for acquisitions, an increase in net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper and short- and long-term debt
in 2019 compared to net repayments in 2018 and cash received from the issuance of common stock under our equity units stock purchase contracts in 2018 that did not recur in 2019.
financial condition we maintained a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities of $26,157 at december 31, 2019. since december 31, 2018, total cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities increased by $3,518, primarily due to cash generated from operations and issuances of commercial paper and short- and long-term debt, net of repayments. these increases were partially offset by cash used for repurchases of our common stock, purchases of property and equipment and cash dividends paid to shareholders.
many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to their respective parent companies. certain accounting practices prescribed by insurance regulatory authorities, or statutory accounting practices, differ from gaap. changes that occur in statutory accounting practices, if any, could impact our subsidiaries' future dividend capacity. in addition, we have agreed to certain undertakings to regulatory authorities, including the requirement to maintain certain capital levels in certain of our subsidiaries.
at december 31, 2019, we held $2,673 of cash, cash equivalents and investments at the parent company, which are available for general corporate use, including investment in our businesses, acquisitions, potential future common stock repurchases and dividends to shareholders, repurchases of debt securities and debt and interest payments.
debt periodically, we access capital markets and issue debt, or notes, for long-term borrowing purposes, for example, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases. certain of these notes may have a call feature that allows us to redeem the notes at any time at our option and/or a put feature that allows a note holder to redeem the notes upon the occurrence of both a change in control event and a downgrade of the notes below an investment grade rating. for more information on our debt, including redemptions and issuances, see note 12, "debt" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we calculate our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio, a non-gaap measure, from the amounts presented on our audited consolidated balance sheets included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. our debt-to-capital ratio is calculated as total debt divided by total debt plus total shareholders' equity. total debt is the sum of short-term borrowings, current portion of long-term debt, and long-term debt, less current portion. we believe our debt-to-capital ratio assists investors and rating agencies in measuring our overall leverage and additional borrowing capacity. in addition, our bank covenants include a maximum debt-to-capital ratio that we cannot and did not exceed. our debt-to-capital ratio may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio was 39.5% and 40.2% as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
our senior debt is rated "a" by s&p global, "bbb" by fitch ratings, inc., "baa2" by moody's investor service, inc. and "bbb+" by am best company, inc. we intend to maintain our senior debt investment grade ratings. if our credit ratings are downgraded, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by limitations on future borrowings and a potential increase in our borrowing costs.
future sources and uses of liquidity we have a shelf registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. specific information regarding terms and securities being offered will be provided at the time of an offering. proceeds from future offerings are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, the repayment of debt, investments in or extensions of credit to our subsidiaries and the financing of possible acquisitions or business expansions.
we have a senior revolving credit facility, or the 5-year facility, with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes. in june 2019, we amended and restated the credit agreement for the 5-year facility to, among other things, extend the
maturity date from august 2020 to june 2024 and decrease the amount of credit available from $3,500 to $2,500. in june 2019, we also entered into a 364-day senior revolving credit facility, or the 364-day facility, with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes, which provides for credit in the amount of $1,000 and matures in june 2020. our ability to borrow under these credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants. we do not believe the restrictions contained in these covenants materially affect our financial or operating flexibility. as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. there were no amounts outstanding under the 5-year facility or the 364-day facility at december 31, 2019.
through certain subsidiaries, we have entered into multiple 364-day lines of credit, or the subsidiary credit facilities, with separate lenders for general corporate purposes. the subsidiary credit facilities provide combined credit up to $600. our ability to borrow under the subsidiary credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants. at december 31, 2019, we had $50 outstanding under the subsidiary credit facilities.
we have an authorized commercial paper program, the proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes. in august 2019, we increased the amount available under the commercial paper program from $2,500 to $3,500. at december 31, 2019, we had $400 outstanding under our commercial paper program.
we are a member, through certain subsidiaries, of the federal home loan bank of indianapolis, the federal home loan bank of cincinnati and the federal home loan bank of atlanta, or collectively, the fhlbs. as a member, we have the ability to obtain short-term cash advances, subject to certain minimum collateral requirements. at december 31, 2019, we had $650 in outstanding short-term borrowings from fhlbs.
as discussed in "financial condition" above, many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid. based upon these requirements, we currently estimate that approximately $3,035 of dividends will be paid to the parent company during 2020. during 2019, we received $3,790 of dividends from our subsidiaries.
we regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases and dividends to shareholders. the declaration and payment of any dividends or repurchases of our common stock or debt is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our financial condition, results of operations, future liquidity needs, regulatory and capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.
on january 28, 2020, our audit committee declared a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders of $0.95 per share on the outstanding shares of our common stock. this quarterly dividend is payable on march 27, 2020 to the shareholders of record as of march 16, 2020.
under our board of directors' authorization, we maintain a common stock repurchase program. as of december 31, 2019, we had board authorization of $3,792 to repurchase our common stock.
for additional information regarding our sources and uses of capital, see note 4, "investments," note 5 "derivative financial instruments," note 12 "debt" and note 14 "capital stock-use of capital-dividends and stock repurchase program" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
contractual obligations and commitments our estimated contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2019 are as follows:
operating leases, including imputed interest2           795                     172                   285                   203                         135
off-balance sheet:
operating leases, including imputed interest2           394                      13                    60                    66                         255
see note 17, "leases," of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
primarily consists of reserves for future policy benefits, projected other postretirement benefits, deferred compensation, supplemental executive retirement plan liabilities and certain other miscellaneous long-term obligations. estimated future payments for funded pension benefits have been excluded from this table, as we had no funding requirements under erisa at december 31, 2019 as a result of the value of the assets in the plans.
includes estimated payments for future services under contractual arrangements from third-party service contracts.
includes unfunded capital commitments for alternative investments.
the above table does not contain $172 of gross liabilities for uncertain tax positions and interest for which we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of the resolutions with the respective taxing authorities. for further information, see note 7, "income taxes," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in addition to the contractual obligations and commitments discussed above, we have a variety of other contractual agreements related to acquiring materials and services used in our operations. however, we do not believe these other agreements contain material noncancelable commitments.
we believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments and funds available under our senior revolving credit facilities and/or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet derivative instruments, guarantee transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements or any indemnification agreements that will require funding in future periods. we have not transferred assets to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. we do not hold any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity where such entity provides us with financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support.
risk-based capital our regulated subsidiaries' states of domicile have statutory risk-based capital, or rbc, requirements for health and other insurance companies and hmos largely based on the national association of insurance commissioners, or naic,
risk-based capital (rbc) for health organizations model act, or rbc model act. these rbc requirements are intended to measure capital adequacy, taking into account the risk characteristics of an insurer's investments and products. the naic sets forth the formula for calculating the rbc requirements, which are designed to take into account asset risks, insurance risks, interest rate risks and other relevant risks with respect to an individual insurance company's business. in general, under the rbc model act, an insurance company must submit a report of its rbc level to the state insurance department or insurance commissioner, as appropriate, at the end of each calendar year. our regulated subsidiaries' respective rbc levels as of december 31, 2019, which was the most recent date for which reporting was required, were in excess of all applicable mandatory rbc requirements. in addition to exceeding these rbc requirements, we are in compliance with the liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the bcbsa and with the tangible net worth requirements applicable to certain of our california subsidiaries.
for additional information, see note 21, "statutory information," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.