risk factors and the other information in this form 10-k. the risks that entergy faces are not limited to those in this section. there may be additional risks and uncertainties
(either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect entergy's financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. see " forward-looking information ." utility regulatory risks
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy) the terms and conditions of service, including electric and gas rates, of the utility operating companies and system energy are determined through regulatory approval proceedings that can be lengthy and subject to appeal that could result in delays in effecting rate changes and uncertainty as to ultimate results. the utility operating companies are regulated on a cost-of-service and rate of return basis and are subject to statutes and regulatory commission rules and procedures. the rates that the utility operating companies and system energy charge reflect their capital expenditures, operations and maintenance costs, allowed rates of return, financing costs, and related costs of service. these rates significantly influence the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy and each of the utility operating companies and system energy. these rates are determined in regulatory proceedings and are subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment, including adjustment upon the initiative of a regulator or affected stakeholders. in addition, regulators may initiate proceedings to investigate the prudence of costs in the utility operating companies' base rates and examine, among other things, the reasonableness or prudence of the companies' operation and maintenance practices, level of expenditures (including storm costs and costs associated with capital projects), allowed rates of return and rate base, proposed resource acquisitions, and previously incurred capital expenditures that the operating companies seek to place in rates. the regulators may disallow costs subject to their jurisdiction found not to have been prudently incurred or found not to have been incurred in compliance with applicable tariffs, creating some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. regulatory proceedings relating to rates and other matters typically involve multiple parties seeking to limit or reduce rates. traditional base rate proceedings, as opposed to formula rate plans, generally have long timelines, are primarily based on historical costs, and may or may not be limited in scope or duration by statute.
the length of these base rate proceedings can cause the utility operating companies and system energy to experience regulatory lag in recovering costs through rates, such that the utility operating companies may not fully recover all costs during the rate effective period and the utility operating companies may, therefore, earn less than their allowed returns. decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with rate case proceedings. the utility operating companies have large customer and stakeholder bases and, as a result, could be the subject of public criticism or adverse publicity focused on issues including the operation of their assets and infrastructure or the quality of their service. criticism or adverse publicity of this nature could render legislatures and other governing bodies, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view the applicable operating company in a favorable light and could potentially negatively affect legislative or regulatory processes or outcomes, as well as lead to increased regulatory oversight or more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements. the base rates of entergy texas are established largely in traditional base rate case proceedings. between base rate proceedings, entergy texas has available rate riders to recover the revenue requirements associated with certain incremental costs. for example, entergy texas has recovered distribution-related capital investments through the distribution cost recovery factor rider mechanism, transmission-related capital investments and certain non-fuel miso charges through the transmission cost recovery factor rider mechanism, and miso fuel and energy-related costs 276 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy through the fixed fuel factor mechanism. entergy texas is also required to make a filing every three years, at a minimum, reconciling its fuel and purchased power costs and fuel factor revenues. in the course of this reconciliation, the puct determines whether eligible fuel and fuel-related expenses and revenues are necessary and reasonable, and makes a prudence finding for each of the fuel-related contracts for the reconciliation period. between base rate cases, entergy arkansas and entergy mississippi are able to adjust base rates annually through formula rate plans that utilize a forward test year (entergy arkansas) or forward-looking features (entergy mississippi). in response to entergy arkansas's application for a general change in rates in 2015, the apsc approved the formula rate plan tariff proposed by entergy arkansas including its use of a projected year test period and an initial five-year term. the initial five-year term expires in 2021 unless entergy arkansas requests, and the apsc approves, the extension of the formula rate plan tariff for an additional five years through 2026. if entergy arkansas's formula rate plan were terminated or not extended beyond the initial term, entergy arkansas could file an application for a general change in rates that may include a request for continued regulation under a formula rate review mechanism. if entergy mississippi's formula rate plan is terminated, it would revert to the more traditional rate case environment or seek approval of a new formula rate plan. entergy arkansas and entergy mississippi recover fuel and purchased energy and certain non-fuel costs through other apsc-approved and mpsc-approved tariffs, respectively.
entergy louisiana historically sets electric base rates annually through a formula rate plan using an historic test year. the form of the formula rate plan, on a combined basis, was approved in connection with the business combination of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana and largely followed the formula rate plans that were approved by the lpsc in connection with the full electric base rate cases filed by those companies in february
2013. the formula rate plan was most recently extended through the test year 2019; certain modifications were made in that extension, including a decrease to the allowed return on equity and the addition of a transmission cost recovery mechanism. the formula rate plan continues to include exceptions from the rate cap and sharing requirements for certain large capital investment projects, including acquisition or construction of generating facilities and purchase power agreements approved by the lpsc and as noted, for certain transmission investment, among other items. miso fuel and energy-related costs are recoverable in entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause. in the event that the electric formula rate plan is not renewed or extended, entergy louisiana would revert to the more traditional rate case environment. entergy new orleans previously operated under a formula rate plan that ended with the 2011 test year. based on a settlement agreement approved by the city council, with limited exceptions, the base rates of entergy new orleans were frozen until rates were implemented in connection with the base rate case filed by entergy new orleans in 2018. in november 2019 the city council issued a resolution resolving the rate case, with rates to become effective retroactive to august 2019. the resolution allows entergy new orleans to implement a three-year formula rate plan, beginning with the 2019 test year as adjusted for forward-
looking known and measurable changes. entergy new orleans has appealed the resolution. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion. the rates of system energy are established by the ferc, and the costs allowed to be charged pursuant to these rates are, in turn, passed through to the participating utility operating companies through the unit power sales agreement, which allows monthly adjustments to reflect the current operating costs of, and investment in, grand gulf. the unit power sales agreement is currently the subject of several litigation proceedings at the ferc, including a challenge with respect to system energy's authorized return on equity and capital structure and a request in a separate proceeding for ferc to initiate a broader investigation of rates under the unit power sales agreement. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the proceedings. the utility operating companies have agreed to implement certain protocols for providing retail regulators with information regarding rates billed under the unit power sales agreement. the utility operating companies and system energy, and the energy industry as a whole, have experienced a period of rising costs and investments, and an upward trend in spending, especially with respect to infrastructure investments, which is likely to continue in the foreseeable future and could result in more frequent rate cases and 277 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy requests for, and the continuation of, cost recovery mechanisms. for information regarding rate case proceedings and formula rate plans applicable to the utility operating companies, see note 2 to the financial statements. changes to state or federal legislation or regulation affecting electric generation, electric and natural gas transmission, distribution and related activities could adversely affect entergy and the utility operating companies' financial position, results of operations or cash flows and their utility businesses. if legislative and regulatory structures evolve in a manner that erodes the utility operating companies' exclusive rights to serve their regulated customers, they could lose customers and sales and their results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially affected. additionally, technological advances in energy efficiency and distributed energy resources are reducing the costs of these technologies and together with ongoing state and federal subsidies, the increasing penetration of these technologies could result in reduced sales by the utility operating companies. such loss of sales could put upward pressure on rates, resulting in adverse regulatory actions to mitigate such effects on rates. entergy and the utility operating companies cannot predict if or when they may be subject to changes in legislation or regulation, or the extent and timing of reductions of the cost of distributed energy resources, nor can they predict the impact of these changes on their results of operations, financial position or cash flows. the utility operating companies recover fuel, purchased power, and associated costs through rate mechanisms that are subject to risks of delay or disallowance in regulatory proceedings. the utility operating companies recover their fuel, purchased power, and associated costs from their customers through rate mechanisms subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. because regulatory review can result in the disallowance of incurred costs found not to have been prudently incurred, including the cost of replacement power purchased when generators experience outages, with the possibility of refunds to ratepayers, there exists some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs.
regulators may also initiate proceedings to investigate the continued usage or the adequacy and operation of the fuel and purchased power recovery clauses of the utility operating companies and, therefore, there can be no assurance that existing recovery mechanisms will remain unchanged or in effect at all. the utility operating companies' cash flows can be negatively affected by the time delays between when gas, power, or other commodities are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers of the costs in rates. on occasion, when the level of incurred costs for fuel and purchased power rises very dramatically, some of the utility operating companies may agree to defer recovery of a portion of that period's fuel and purchased power costs for recovery at a later date, which could increase the near-term working capital and borrowing requirements of those companies. for a description of fuel and purchased power recovery mechanisms and information regarding the regulatory proceedings for fuel and purchased power costs recovery, see note 2 to the financial statements. there remains uncertainty regarding the effect of the termination of the system agreement on the utility operating companies. the utility operating companies historically engaged in the coordinated planning, construction, and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities under the terms of the system agreement, which is a rate schedule that had been approved by the ferc. the system agreement terminated in its entirety on august 31, 2016. there remains uncertainty regarding the long-term effect of the termination of the system agreement on the utility operating companies because of the significant effect of the agreement on the generation and transmission functions of the utility operating companies and the significant period of time (over 30 years) that it had been in existence. in the absence of the system agreement, there remains uncertainty around the effectiveness of governance processes and the potential absence of federal authority to resolve certain issues among the utility operating companies and their retail regulators. in addition, although the system agreement terminated in its entirety in august 2016, there are a number of outstanding system agreement proceedings at the ferc that may require future adjustments, including challenges to 278 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the level and timing of payments made by entergy arkansas under the system agreement. the outcome and timing of these ferc proceedings and resulting recovery and impact on rates cannot be predicted at this time. for further information regarding the regulatory proceedings relating to the system agreement, see note 2 to the financial statements. the utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the miso markets and the allocation of transmission upgrade costs. the operation of the utility operating companies' transmission system pursuant to the miso rto tariff and their participation in the miso rto's wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements. on december 19, 2013, the utility operating companies integrated into the miso rto. miso maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and administers wholesale energy and ancillary services markets for market participants in the miso region, including the utility operating companies. the utility operating companies sell capacity, energy, and ancillary services on a bilateral basis to certain wholesale customers and offer available electricity production of their generating facilities into the miso day-ahead and real-time energy markets pursuant to the miso tariff and market rules. the utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the miso markets. miso tariff rules and system conditions, including transmission congestion, could affect the utility operating companies' ability to sell power in certain regions and/or the economic value of such sales, and miso market rules may change in ways that cause additional risk. the utility operating companies participate in the miso regional transmission planning process and are subject to risks associated with planning decisions that miso makes in the exercise of control over the planning of the utility operating companies'
transmission assets that are under miso's functional control. the utility operating companies pay transmission rates that reflect the cost of transmission projects that the utility operating companies do not own, which could increase cash or financing needs. miso has made filings with ferc proposing changes in the transmission project criteria in miso. these changes, if adopted, could potentially result in a larger volume of competitively bid and regionally cost allocated transmission projects. in addition to the cash and financing-related risks arising from the potential additional cost allocation to the utility operating companies from these projects, there is a risk that the utility operating companies' business and financial position could be harmed as a result of lost investment opportunities and other effects that flow from an increased number of competitive projects being approved and constructed that are interconnected with their transmission systems. further, the terms and conditions of the miso tariff, including provisions related to the design and implementation of wholesale markets, the allocation of transmission upgrade costs, the miso-wide allowed base rate of return on equity, and any required miso-related charges and credits are subject to regulation by the ferc. the operation of the utility operating companies' transmission system pursuant to the miso tariff and their participation in the miso wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements. in addition, orders from each of the utility operating companies' respective retail regulators generally require that the utility operating companies make periodic filings, or generally allow the retail regulator to direct the making of such filings, setting forth the results of analysis of the costs and benefits realized from miso membership as well as the projected costs and benefits of continued membership in miso and/or requesting approval of their continued membership in miso. these filings have been submitted periodically by each of the utility operating companies as required by their respective retail regulators, and the outcome of the resulting proceedings may affect the utility operating companies'
continued membership in miso. 279 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas) a delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred as a result of severe weather could have material effects on entergy and those utility operating companies affected by severe weather. entergy's and its utility operating companies' results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition can be materially affected by the destructive effects of severe weather. severe weather can also result in significant outages for the customers of the utility operating companies and, therefore, reduced revenues for the utility operating companies during the period of the outages. a delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred or revenues lost as a result of severe weather could have a material effect on entergy and those utility operating companies affected by severe weather. nuclear operating, shutdown and regulatory risks (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy) certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities must consistently operate their nuclear power plants at high capacity factors in order to be successful, and lower capacity factors could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. nuclear capacity factors significantly affect the results of operations of certain utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities. nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs. consequently, to be successful, a plant owner must consistently operate its nuclear power plants at high capacity factors, consistent with safety requirements. for the utility operating companies that own nuclear plants, lower capacity factors can increase production costs by requiring the affected companies to generate additional energy, sometimes at higher costs, from their owned or contractually controlled facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy their supply needs. for the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants, lower capacity factors directly affect revenues and cash flow from operations. entergy wholesale commodities'
forward sales are comprised of various hedge products, many of which have some degree of operational-contingent price risk. certain unit-contingent contracts guarantee specified minimum capacity factors. in the event plants with these contracts were operating below the guaranteed capacity factors, entergy would be subject to price risk for the undelivered power. further, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear forward sales contracts can also be on a firm ld basis, which subjects entergy to increasing price risk as capacity factors decrease. many of these firm hedge products have damages risk. certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners periodically shut down their nuclear power plants to replenish fuel.
plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such refueling outages. if refueling outages last longer than anticipated or if unplanned outages arise, entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected. outages at nuclear power plants to replenish fuel require the plant to be
"turned off." refueling outages generally are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such planned outages, which typically extends the planned outage duration. when refueling outages last longer than anticipated or a plant experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease, and maintenance costs may increase. lower than forecasted capacity factors may cause entergy wholesale commodities to experience reduced revenues and may also create damages risk with certain hedge products as previously discussed. 280 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities face risks related to the purchase of uranium fuel (and its conversion, enrichment, and fabrication). these risks could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. based upon currently planned fuel cycles, entergy's nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that provides substantially adequate nuclear fuel materials and conversion and enrichment services at what entergy believes are reasonably predictable prices through 2020 and beyond. the nuclear fuel supply portfolio for the entergy wholesale commodities segment has been adjusted to reflect reduced overall requirements related to the planned permanent shutdown and sale of the palisades, indian point 2 and indian point 3 plants over the next three years and fuel procurement is limited to the final refueling of the palisades plant in 2020 . entergy's ability to purchase nuclear fuel at reasonably predictable prices, however, depends upon the performance reliability of uranium miners. while there are a number of possible alternate suppliers that may be accessed to mitigate any supplier performance failure, the pricing of any such alternate uranium supply from the market will be dependent upon the market for uranium supply at that time. entergy buys uranium from a diversified mix of sellers located in a diversified mix of countries, and from time to time purchases from nearly all qualified reliable major market participants worldwide that sell into the u.s. market prices for nuclear fuel have been extremely volatile from time to time in the past and may be subject to increased volatility due to the imposition of tariffs, domestic purchase requirements or shifting trade arrangements between countries. although entergy's nuclear fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against market risks for several years, costs for nuclear fuel in the future cannot be predicted with certainty due to normal inherent market uncertainties, and price changes could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities. entergy's ability to assure nuclear fuel supply also depends upon the performance and reliability of conversion, enrichment, and fabrication services providers. these service providers are fewer in number than uranium suppliers. for conversion and enrichment services, entergy diversifies its supply by supplier and country and may take special measures to ensure a reliable supply of enriched uranium for fabrication into nuclear fuel. for fabrication services, each plant is dependent upon the performance of the fabricator of that plant's nuclear fuel; therefore, entergy relies upon additional monitoring, inspection, and oversight of the fabrication process to assure reliability and quality of its nuclear fuel. certain of the suppliers and service providers are located in or dependent upon countries, such as russia, in which international sanctions or tariffs could restrict the ability of such suppliers to continue to supply fuel or provide such services at acceptable prices or at all. the inability of such suppliers or service providers to perform such obligations could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities. entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business face the risk that the nrc will change or modify its regulations, suspend or revoke their licenses, or increase oversight of their nuclear plants, which could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. under the atomic energy act and energy reorganization act, the nrc regulates the operation of nuclear power plants. the nrc may modify, suspend, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the atomic energy act, related regulations, or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. interested parties may also intervene which could result in prolonged proceedings. a change in the atomic energy act, other applicable statutes, or the applicable regulations or licenses, or the nrc's interpretation thereof, may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and could materially affect the results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition of entergy (through entergy wholesale commodities), its utility operating companies, or system energy. a change in the classification of a plant owned by one of these companies under the nrc's reactor oversight process, which is the nrc's program to collect information about plant performance, assess the information for its safety significance, and provide for appropriate licensee and nrc response, also could cause the owner of the plant to incur material additional costs as a result of the increased oversight activity and potential response costs associated with the change in classification. for additional information concerning the current classification of the plants owned by entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, system energy, and 281 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the entergy wholesale commodities business, see " regulation of entergy's business - regulation of the nuclear power industry - nrc reactor oversight process " in part i, item 1
and note 8 to the financial statements. events at nuclear plants owned by one of these companies, as well as those owned by others, may lead to a change in laws or regulations or the terms of the applicable licenses, or the nrc's interpretation thereof, or may cause the nrc to increase oversight activity or initiate actions to modify, suspend, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility, or impose civil penalties. as a result, if an incident were to occur at any nuclear generating unit, whether an entergy nuclear generating unit or not, it could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy, certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities. certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities are exposed to risks and costs related to operating and maintaining their nuclear power plants, and their failure to maintain operational efficiency at their nuclear power plants could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. the nuclear generating units owned by certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business began commercial operations in the 1970s-1980s. older equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating safely and efficiently. this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in increased costs, some of which costs may not be fully recoverable by the utility operating companies and system energy in regulatory proceedings should there be a determination of imprudence. operations at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by entergy's subsidiaries could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. a decision may be made to close a unit rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the unit to full capacity. for the utility operating companies and system energy, this could result in certain costs being stranded and potentially not fully recoverable in regulatory proceedings. for entergy wholesale commodities, this could result in lost revenue and increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments and penalties for failure to perform under their contracts with customers. in addition, the operation and maintenance of entergy's nuclear facilities require the commitment of substantial human resources that can result in increased costs. the nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to the effects of stress corrosion cracking and other corrosion mechanisms on certain materials within plant systems. the issue is applicable at all nuclear units to varying degrees and is managed in accordance with industry standard practices and guidelines that include in-service examinations, replacements, and mitigation strategies. developments in the industry or identification of issues at the nuclear units could require unanticipated remediation efforts that cannot be quantified in advance. moreover, entergy is becoming more dependent on fewer suppliers for key parts of entergy's nuclear power plants that may need to be replaced or refurbished, and in some cases, parts are no longer available and have to be reverse-engineered for replacement. in addition, certain major parts have long lead-times to manufacture if an unplanned replacement is needed. this dependence on a reduced number of suppliers and long lead-times on certain major parts for unplanned replacements could result in delays in obtaining qualified replacement parts and, therefore, greater expense for entergy. the costs associated with the storage of the spent nuclear fuel of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, as well as the costs of and their ability to fully decommission their nuclear power plants, could be significantly affected by the timing of the opening of a spent nuclear fuel disposal facility, as well as interim storage and transportation requirements. certain of the utility operating companies, system energy and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants incur costs for the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. the approval of a license for a national repository for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for yucca mountain, nevada, or 282 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy any interim storage facility, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel.
for example, while the doe is required by law to proceed with the licensing of yucca mountain and, after the license is granted by the nrc, to construct the repository and commence the receipt of spent fuel, the nrc licensing of the yucca mountain repository is effectively at a standstill. these actions are prolonging the time before spent fuel is removed from entergy's plant sites. because the doe has not accomplished its objectives, it is in non-compliance with the nuclear waste policy act of 1982 and has breached its spent fuel disposal contracts, and entergy has sued the doe for such breach. furthermore, entergy is uncertain as to when the doe will commence acceptance of spent fuel from its facilities for storage or disposal. as a result, continuing future expenditures will be required to increase spent fuel storage capacity at the companies' nuclear sites and maintenance costs on existing storage facilities, including aging management of fuel storage casks, may increase. the costs of on-site storage are also affected by regulatory requirements for such storage. in addition, the availability of a repository or other off-site storage facility for spent nuclear fuel may affect the ability to fully decommission the nuclear units and the costs relating to decommissioning. for further information regarding spent fuel storage, see the " critical accounting estimates - nuclear decommissioning costs - spent fuel disposal " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy and note 8 to the financial statements. certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may be required to pay substantial retrospective premiums imposed under the price-anderson act in the event of a nuclear incident, and losses not covered by insurance could have a material effect on entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. accidents and other unforeseen problems at nuclear power plants have occurred both in the united states and elsewhere. the price-
anderson act limits each reactor owner's public liability (off-site) for a single nuclear incident to the payment of retrospective premiums into a secondary insurance pool, which is referred to as secondary financial protection, up to approximately $137.6 million per reactor. with 98 reactors currently participating, this translates to a total public liability cap of approximately $14 billion per incident. the limit is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation, a change in the primary limit of insurance coverage, and changes in the number of licensed reactors. as required by the price-anderson act, the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities carry the maximum available amount of primary nuclear off-site liability insurance with american nuclear insurers, which is $450 million for each operating site. claims for any nuclear incident exceeding that amount are covered under secondary financial protection. as a result, in the event of a nuclear incident that causes damages (off-site) in excess of the primary insurance coverage, each owner of a nuclear plant reactor, including entergy's utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities plant owners, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident, will be required to pay a retrospective premium, equal to its proportionate share of the loss in excess of the primary insurance level, up to a maximum of approximately $137.6 million per reactor per incident (entergy's maximum total contingent obligation per incident is $1.101 billion). the retrospective premium payment is currently limited to approximately $21 million per year per incident per reactor until the aggregate public liability for each licensee is paid up to the $137.6 million cap. neil is a utility industry mutual insurance company, owned by its members, including the utility operating companies, system energy, and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities plants. all member plants could be subject to an annual assessment (retrospective premium of up to 10 times current annual premium for all policies)
should the neil surplus (reserve) be significantly depleted due to insured losses. as of december 31, 2019, the maximum annual assessment amounts total $112 million for the utility plants. retrospective premium insurance available through neil's reinsurance treaty can cover the potential assessments and the entergy wholesale commodities plants currently maintain the retrospective premium insurance to cover those potential assessments. as an owner of nuclear power plants, entergy participates in industry self-insurance programs and could be liable to fund claims should a plant owned by a different company experience a major event. any resulting liability from a nuclear accident may exceed the applicable primary insurance coverage and require contribution of additional funds through the industry-wide program that could significantly affect the results of operations, financial condition,
283 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy or liquidity of entergy, certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, or the entergy wholesale commodities subsidiaries. the decommissioning trust fund assets for the nuclear power plants owned by the utility operating companies, system energy and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may not be adequate to meet decommissioning obligations if market performance and other changes decrease the value of assets in the decommissioning trusts, if one or more of entergy's nuclear power plants is retired earlier than the anticipated shutdown date, if the plants cost more to decommission than estimated, or if current regulatory requirements change, which then could require significant additional funding. owners of nuclear generating plants have an obligation to decommission those plants. certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants maintain decommissioning trust funds for this purpose.
certain of the utility operating companies collect funds from their customers, which are deposited into the trusts covering the units operated for or on behalf of those companies. those rate collections, as adjusted from time to time by rate regulators, are generally based upon operating license lives and trust fund balances as well as estimated trust fund earnings and decommissioning costs. assets in these trust funds are subject to market fluctuations, will yield uncertain returns that may fall below projected return rates, and may result in losses resulting from the recognition of impairments of the value of certain securities held in these trust funds. under nrc regulations, nuclear plant owners are permitted to project the nrc-required decommissioning amount, based on an nrc formula or a site-specific estimate, and the amount that will be available in each nuclear power plant's decommissioning trusts combined with any other decommissioning financial assurances in place. the projections are made based on the operating license expiration date and the mid-point of the subsequent decommissioning process, or the anticipated actual completion of decommissioning if a site-specific estimate is used. if the projected amount of each individual plant's decommissioning trusts exceeds the nrc-required decommissioning amount, then its decommissioning obligations are considered to be funded in accordance with nrc regulations. if the projected costs do not sufficiently reflect the actual costs required to decommission these nuclear power plants, or funding is otherwise inadequate, or if the formula, formula inputs, or site-specific estimate is changed to require increased funding, additional resources or commitments would be required. furthermore, depending upon the level of funding available in the trust funds, the nrc may not permit the trust funds to be used to pay for related costs such as the management of spent nuclear fuel that are not included in the nrc's formula. the nrc may also require a plan for the provision of separate funding for spent fuel management costs. in addition to nrc requirements, there are other decommissioning-related obligations for certain of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, which management believes it will be able to satisfy. further, federal or state regulatory changes, including mandated increases in decommissioning funding or changes in the methods or standards for decommissioning operations, may also increase the funding requirements of, or accelerate the timing for funding of, the obligations related to the decommissioning of the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants or may restrict the decommissioning-related costs that can be paid from the decommissioning trusts. such changes also could result in the need for additional contributions to decommissioning trusts, or the posting of parent guarantees, letters of credit, or other surety mechanisms. as a result, under any of these circumstances, entergy's results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition could be materially affected. an early plant shutdown (either generally or relative to current expectations), poor investment results or higher than anticipated decommissioning costs (including as a result of changing regulatory requirements) could cause trust fund assets to be insufficient to meet the decommissioning obligations, with the result that the utility operating companies, system energy or the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may be required to provide significant additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning, which, with respect to the utility operating companies, may not be recoverable from customers in a timely fashion or at all.
for further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, management's decision to exit the merchant 284
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy power business, the impairment charges that resulted from such decision, and the planned sale of palisades (which will include the transfer of the decommissioning trust), see the " critical accounting estimates - nuclear decommissioning costs " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy, the " entergy wholesale commodities exit from the merchant power business "
section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries, and notes 9 and
14 to the financial statements. new or existing safety concerns regarding operating nuclear power plants and nuclear fuel could lead to restrictions upon the operation and decommissioning of entergy's nuclear power plants.
new and existing concerns are being expressed in public forums about the safety of nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel. these concerns have led to, and may continue to lead to, various proposals to federal regulators and governing bodies in some localities where entergy's subsidiaries own nuclear generating units for legislative and regulatory changes that might lead to the shutdown of nuclear units, additional requirements or restrictions related to spent nuclear fuel on-site storage and eventual disposal, or other adverse effects on owning, operating and decommissioning nuclear generating units. entergy vigorously responds to these concerns and proposals. if any of the existing proposals, or any proposals that may arise in the future with respect to legislative and regulatory changes, become effective, they could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations and financial condition. (entergy corporation) entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants are exposed to price risk.
entergy and its subsidiaries do not have a regulator-authorized rate of return on their capital investments in non-
utility businesses. as a result, the sale of capacity and energy from the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, unless otherwise contracted, is subject to the fluctuation of market power prices. in order to reduce future price risk to desired levels, entergy wholesale commodities utilizes contracts that are unit-contingent and firm ld and various products such as forward sales, options, and collars. as of december 31, 2019, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear power generation plants had sold forward 97% in 2020, 92% in 2021, and 66% in 2022
of its generation portfolio's planned energy output, reflecting the planned shutdown and sale of the remaining entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants by mid-2022. market conditions such as product cost, market liquidity, and other portfolio considerations influence the product and contractual mix. the obligations under unit-contingent agreements depend on a generating asset that is operating; if the generation asset is not operating, the seller generally is not liable for damages. for some unit-contingent obligations, however, there is also a guarantee of availability that provides for the payment to the power purchaser of contract damages, if incurred, in the event the unit owner fails to deliver power as a result of the failure of the specified generation unit to generate power at or above a specified availability threshold. firm ld sales transactions may be exposed to substantial operational price risk, a portion of which may be capped through the use of risk management products, to the extent that the plants do not run as expected and market prices exceed contract prices. market prices may fluctuate substantially, sometimes over relatively short periods of time, and at other times experience sustained increases or decreases. demand for electricity and its fuel stock can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. during periods of over-supply, prices might be depressed. also, from time to time there may be political pressure, or pressure from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, credit requirements, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets. the effects of sustained low natural gas prices and power market structure challenges have resulted in lower market prices for electricity in the power regions where the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants are located. in addition, currently the market design under which the plants operate does not adequately compensate merchant nuclear plants for their environmental and fuel diversity benefits in the region. these conditions were primary 285 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy factors leading to entergy's decision to shut down (or sell) entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear power plants before the end of their operating licenses (or requested operating licenses for indian point 2 and indian point 3). the price that different counterparties offer for various products including forward sales is influenced both by market conditions as well as the contract terms such as damage provisions, credit support requirements, and the number of available counterparties interested in contracting for the desired forward period. depending on differences between market factors at the time of contracting versus current conditions, entergy wholesale commodities' contract portfolio may have average contract prices above or below current market prices, including at the expiration of the contracts, which may significantly affect entergy wholesale commodities' results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. new hedges are generally layered into on a rolling forward basis, which tends to drive hedge over-
performance to market in a falling price environment, and hedge underperformance to market in a rising price environment; however, hedge timing, product choice, and hedging costs will also affect these results. see the "
market and credit risk sensitive instruments " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries. since entergy wholesale commodities has announced the closure (or sale) of its nuclear plants, entergy wholesale commodities may enter into fewer forward sales contracts for output from such plants. the entergy wholesale commodities business is subject to substantial governmental regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative, regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements. the entergy wholesale commodities business is subject to extensive regulation under federal, state, and local laws. compliance with the requirements under these various regulatory regimes may cause the entergy wholesale commodities business to incur significant additional costs, and failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of the non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines and/or civil or criminal liability. public utilities under the federal power act are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. each of the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants that generates electricity, as well as entergy nuclear power marketing, llc, is a "public utility" under the federal power act by virtue of making wholesale sales of electric energy and/or owning wholesale electric transmission facilities. the ferc has granted these generating and power marketing companies the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. the ferc's orders that grant the entergy wholesale commodities' generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if the ferc subsequently determines that the entergy wholesale commodities business can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, the entergy wholesale commodities' market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of its generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated one of those rules, they would be subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-based rate authority and potential penalties of up to $1
million per day per violation. if the entergy wholesale commodities' generating or power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain the ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have an adverse effect on the rates the entergy wholesale commodities business charges for power from its facilities. the entergy wholesale commodities business is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules imposed by the existing independent system operators.
the independent system operators that oversee most of the wholesale power markets may impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps and other mechanisms, to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have an adverse effect on the profitability of the entergy wholesale commodities business' generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets. for further information regarding federal, state and local laws and regulation applicable to the entergy wholesale commodities business, see the " regulation of entergy's business " section in part i, item 1. 286 table of contents part i item
1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the regulatory environment applicable to the electric power industry is subject to changes as a result of restructuring initiatives at both the state and federal levels. entergy cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on the entergy wholesale commodities business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes, including the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism, have raised claims that the competitive marketplace is not working because energy prices in wholesale markets exceed the marginal cost of operating nuclear power plants, and have made proposals to re-regulate the markets, impose a generation tax, or require divestitures by generating companies to reduce their market share. other proposals to re-regulate may be made and legislative or other attention to the electric power market restructuring process may delay or reverse the deregulation process, which could require material changes to business planning models. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, modified, discontinued, or delayed, the entergy wholesale commodities business' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected. the power plants owned by the entergy wholesale commodities business are subject to impairment charges in certain circumstances, which could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. entergy reviews long-lived assets held in all of its business segments whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that recoverability of these assets is uncertain.
generally, the determination of recoverability is based on the undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the operations of such assets. projected net cash flows depend on the expected operating life of the assets, the future operating costs associated with the assets, the efficiency and availability of the assets and generating units, and the future market and price for energy and capacity over the remaining life of the assets. in particular, the remaining assets of the entergy wholesale commodities business are subject to further impairment in connection with the closure and sale of its nuclear power plants. moreover, prior to the closure and sale of these plants, the failure of the entergy wholesale commodities business to achieve forecasted operating results and cash flows, an unfavorable change in forecasted operating results or cash flows, a reduction in the expected remaining useful life of a unit, or a decline in observable industry market multiples could all result in potential additional impairment charges for the affected assets. if entergy concludes that any of its nuclear power plants is unlikely to operate through its planned shutdown date, which conclusion would be based on a variety of factors, such a conclusion could result in a further impairment of part or all of the carrying value of the plant. any impairment charge taken by entergy with respect to its long-lived assets, including the remaining power plants owned by the entergy wholesale commodities business, would likely be material in the quarter that the charge is taken and could otherwise have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. for further information regarding evaluating long-lived assets for impairment, see the " critical accounting estimates - impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries and for further discussion of the impairment charges, see note 14 to the financial statements. general business (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas) entergy and the utility operating companies depend on access to the capital markets and, at times, may face potential liquidity constraints, which could make it more difficult to handle future contingencies such as natural disasters or substantial increases in gas and fuel prices. disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' ability to meet liquidity needs, access capital and operate and grow their businesses, and the cost of capital. entergy's business is capital intensive and dependent upon its ability to access capital at reasonable rates and 287 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy other terms. at times there are also spikes in the price for natural gas and other commodities that increase the liquidity requirements of the utility operating companies and entergy wholesale commodities. in addition, entergy's and the utility operating companies' liquidity needs could significantly increase in the event of a hurricane or other weather-related or unforeseen disaster similar to that experienced in entergy's service territory with hurricane katrina and hurricane rita in 2005, hurricane gustav and hurricane ike in 2008, and hurricane isaac in 2012. the occurrence of one or more contingencies, including a delay in regulatory recovery of fuel or purchased power costs or storm restoration costs, an acceleration of payments or decreased credit lines, less cash flow from operations than expected, changes in regulation or governmental policy (including tax and trade policy), or other unknown events, could cause the financing needs of entergy and its subsidiaries to increase. in addition, accessing the debt capital markets more frequently in these situations may result in an increase in leverage. material leverage increases could negatively affect the credit ratings of entergy and the utility operating companies, which in turn could negatively affect access to the capital markets. the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, particularly during times of high interest rates, and uncertainty or reduced liquidity in the capital markets, could negatively affect entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to maintain and to expand their businesses. access to capital markets could be restricted and/or borrowing costs could be increased due to certain sources of debt and equity capital being unwilling to invest in companies that experience extreme weather events, that rely on fossil fuels or offerings to fund fossil fuel projects, or due to risks related to climate change. events beyond entergy's control may create uncertainty that could increase its cost of capital or impair its ability to access the capital markets, including the ability to draw on its bank credit facilities.
entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to predict the degree of success they will have in renewing or replacing their credit facilities as they come up for renewal. moreover, the size, terms, and covenants of any new credit facilities may not be comparable to, and may be more restrictive than, existing facilities. if entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to access the credit and capital markets on terms that are reasonable, they may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and/or bear an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could impact their ability to grow their businesses, decrease earnings, significantly reduce financial flexibility and/or limit entergy corporation's ability to sustain its current common stock dividend level. (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy) a downgrade in entergy corporation ' s or its subsidiaries ' credit ratings could negatively affect entergy corporation ' s and its subsidiaries ' ability to access capital and/or could require entergy corporation or its subsidiaries to post collateral, accelerate certain payments, or repay certain indebtedness. there are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for each of entergy corporation and the registrant subsidiaries, including each registrant's regulatory framework, ability to recover costs and earn returns, diversification and financial strength and liquidity. if one or more rating agencies downgrade entergy corporation's, any of the utility operating companies', or system energy's ratings, particularly below investment grade, borrowing costs would increase, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and cash or letter of credit collateral demands may be triggered by the terms of a number of commodity contracts, leases, and other agreements. most of entergy corporation's and its subsidiaries' suppliers and counterparties require sufficient creditworthiness to enter into transactions. if entergy corporation's or its subsidiaries'
ratings decline, particularly below investment grade, or if certain counterparties believe entergy corporation or the utility operating companies are losing creditworthiness and demand adequate assurance under fuel, gas, and purchased power contracts, the counterparties may require posting of collateral in cash or letters of credit, prepayment for fuel, gas or purchased power or accelerated payment, or counterparties may decline business with entergy corporation or its subsidiaries. at december 31, 2019, based on power prices at that time, entergy had liquidity exposure of $78 million under the guarantees in place supporting entergy wholesale commodities transactions and $19 million of posted cash collateral. in the event of a decrease in entergy corporation's credit rating to below investment grade, based on power prices as 288 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy of december 31, 2019, entergy would have been required to provide approximately $30 million of additional cash or letters of credit under some of the agreements. as of december 31, 2019, the liquidity exposure associated with entergy wholesale commodities assurance requirements, including return of previously posted collateral from counterparties, would increase by $90 million for a $1 per mmbtu increase in gas prices in both the short- and long-term markets. recent u.s. tax legislation may materially adversely affect entergy's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. the tax cuts and jobs act of
2017 significantly changed the u.s. internal revenue code, including taxation of u.s. corporations, by, among other things, reducing the federal corporate income tax rate, limiting interest deductions, and altering the expensing of capital expenditures. the legislation and interpretive guidance from the irs are unclear in certain respects and will require further interpretations and implementing regulations by the irs, as well as state tax authorities, and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could lessen or increase certain impacts of the legislation. as further described in note 3 to the financial statements, as a result of amortization of accumulated deferred income taxes and payment of such amounts to customers in 2019, entergy's net regulatory liability for income taxes balance is $1.7 billion as of december 31, 2019. depending on the outcome of irs examinations or tax positions and elections that entergy may make, entergy and the registrant subsidiaries may be required to record additional charges or credits to income tax expense. further, there may be other material effects resulting from the legislation that have not been identified. for further information regarding the effects of the act, see the " income tax legislation " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy. also, note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017, 2018 and 2019 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act. changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact entergy's, the utility operating companies', and system energy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. entergy and its subsidiaries make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various transactions and results of operations to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, franchise, real estate, sales and use, and employment-related taxes. these judgments include provisions for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. entergy and its subsidiaries also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. changes in federal, state, or local tax laws, adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by entergy and its subsidiaries could negatively affect entergy's, the utility operating companies', and system energy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. for further information regarding entergy's income taxes, see note 3 to the financial statements. entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to successfully execute on their business strategies, including their ability to complete strategic transactions, is subject to significant risks, and, as a result, they may be unable to achieve some or all of the anticipated results of such strategies, which could materially affect their future prospects, results of operations and benefits that they anticipate from such transactions. entergy and its subsidiaries' future prospects and results of operations significantly depend on their ability to successfully implement their business strategies, which are subject to business, regulatory, economic and other risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond their control. as a result, entergy and its subsidiaries may be unable to fully achieve the anticipated results of such strategies. 289 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy additionally, entergy and its subsidiaries have pursued and may continue to pursue strategic transactions including merger, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture, restructuring or other strategic transactions. for example, entergy has entered into an agreement to sell its equity interests in the subsidiary that owns the palisades nuclear plant and the decommissioned big rock point nuclear power plant and an agreement to sell the equity interests of indian point 1, indian point 2, and indian point 3, in each case after each of the plants has been shut down and defueled. also, a significant portion of entergy's utility business over the next several years includes the construction and /or purchase of a variety of generating units. these transactions and plans are or may become subject to regulatory approval and other material conditions or contingencies. the failure to complete these transactions or plans or any future strategic transaction successfully or on a timely basis could have an adverse effect on entergy's or its subsidiaries' financial condition or results of operations and the market's perception of entergy's ability to execute its strategy. further, these transactions, and any completed or future strategic transactions, involve substantial risks, including the following:
  acquired businesses or assets may not produce revenues, earnings or cash flow at anticipated levels;
  acquired businesses or assets could have environmental, permitting or other problems for which contractual protections prove inadequate;
  entergy may experience issues integrating businesses into its internal controls over financial reporting;
  the disposition of a business, including entergy's planned exit from the merchant power business, could divert management's attention from other business concerns;
  to close a transaction, such approvals may be granted subject to terms that are unacceptable to them, or entergy or its subsidiaries otherwise may be unable to achieve anticipated regulatory treatment of any such transaction or acquired business or assets; and
  entergy or its subsidiaries otherwise may be unable to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that they anticipate from the transaction, or such benefits may be delayed or may not occur at all.
entergy and its subsidiaries may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that they may encounter in acquiring or divesting a business, or engaging in other strategic transactions, which could have a material effect on their business, financial condition or results of operations. the completion of capital projects, including the construction of power generation facilities, and other capital improvements involve substantial risks. should such efforts be unsuccessful, the financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity of entergy and the utility operating companies could be materially affected. entergy's and the utility operating companies' ability to complete capital projects, including the construction of power generation facilities, or make other capital improvements, in a timely manner and within budget is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. these variables include, but are not limited to, project management expertise, escalating costs for materials, labor, and environmental compliance, and reliance on suppliers for timely and satisfactory performance. delays in obtaining permits, shortages in materials and qualified labor, levels of public support or opposition, suppliers and contractors not performing as expected or required under their contracts and/or experiencing financial problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations under contracts, changes in the scope and timing of projects, poor quality initial cost estimates from contractors, the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, changes in commodity prices affecting revenue, fuel costs, or materials costs, downward changes in the economy, changes in law or regulation, including environmental compliance requirements, and other events beyond the control of the utility operating companies or the entergy wholesale commodities business may occur that may materially affect the schedule, cost, and performance of these projects. if these projects or other capital improvements are significantly delayed or become subject to cost overruns or cancellation, entergy and the utility operating companies could incur additional costs and termination payments, or face increased risk of potential write-off of the investment in the project. in addition, the utility operating companies could be exposed to higher costs and market volatility, which could affect cash flow and cost recovery, should their respective regulators decline to approve the construction of the project or new generation needed to meet the reliability needs of customers at the lowest reasonable cost. 290 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy for further information regarding capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital in connection with capital projects, including the potential construction and/or purchase of additional generation supply sources within the utility operating companies'
service territory, and as to the entergy wholesale commodities business, see the " capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy and each of the registrant subsidiaries. failure to attract, retain and manage an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively affect entergy or its subsidiaries' results of operations. we rely on a large and changing workforce of team members, including employees, contractors and temporary staffing. certain events, such as an aging workforce, mismatching of skill sets, failing to appropriately anticipate future workforce needs, or the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base and the time required for skill development. in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may increase. failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate the business, especially considering the workforce needs associated with nuclear generation facilities and new skills required to operate a modernized, technology-enabled power grid. if entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to successfully attract, retain and manage an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be negatively affected. the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters. the businesses in which the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state, and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. these laws and regulations also affect how the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business manage air emissions, discharges to water, wetlands impacts, solid and hazardous waste storage and disposal, cooling and service water intake, the protection of threatened and endangered species, certain migratory birds and eagles, hazardous materials transportation, and similar matters. federal, state, and local authorities continually revise these laws and regulations, and the laws and regulations are subject to judicial interpretation and to the permitting and enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. developing and implementing plans for facility compliance with these requirements can lead to capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures. violations of these requirements can subject the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards.
in addition, the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business potentially are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediation of environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. the utility operating companies are currently involved in proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance. emissions of nitrogen and sulfur oxides, mercury, particulates, greenhouse gases, and other regulated air emissions from generating plants are potentially subject to increased regulation, controls and mitigation expenses. in addition, existing air regulations and programs promulgated by the epa often are challenged legally, or are revised or withdrawn by the epa, sometimes resulting in large-scale changes to anticipated regulatory regimes and the resulting need to shift course, both operationally and economically, depending on the nature of the changes. risks relating to 291 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy global climate change, initiatives to compel greenhouse gas emission reductions, and water availability issues are discussed below. entergy and its subsidiaries may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory approvals. if there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, or if entergy and its subsidiaries fail to obtain, maintain, or comply with any such approval, the operation of its facilities could be stopped or become subject to additional costs. for further information regarding environmental regulation and environmental matters, see the " regulation of entergy ' s business - environmental regulation " section of part i, item 1. the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business may incur substantial costs related to reliability standards.
entergy's business is subject to extensive and mandatory reliability standards. such standards, which are established by the nerc, the serc, and other regional enforcement entities, are approved by the ferc and frequently are reviewed, amended, and supplemented. failure to comply with such standards could result in the imposition of fines or civil penalties, and potential exposure to third party claims for alleged violations of such standards.
the standards, as well as the laws and regulations that govern them, are subject to judicial interpretation and to the enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. in addition to exposure to civil penalties and fines, the utility operating companies have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to compliance with new and existing reliability standards, including costs associated with the utility operating companies'
transmission system and generation assets. in addition, the retail regulators of the utility operating companies possess the jurisdiction, and in some cases have exercised such jurisdiction, to impose standards governing the reliable operation of the utility operating companies' distribution systems, including penalties if these standards are not met. the changes to the reliability standards applicable to the electric power industry are ongoing, and entergy cannot predict the ultimate effect that the reliability standards will have on its utility and entergy wholesale commodities businesses. (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas) weather, economic conditions, technological developments, and other factors may have a material impact on electricity and gas usage and otherwise materially affect the utility operating companies ' results of operations. temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase electric cooling demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase electric and gas heating demand and revenues. as a corollary, mild temperatures in either season tend to decrease energy usage and resulting revenues. higher consumption levels coupled with seasonal pricing differentials typically cause the utility operating companies to report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year than in the other quarters.
extreme weather conditions including hurricanes or tropical storms, flooding events, or ice storms may stress the utility operating companies' generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on their ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, and reduced customer satisfaction. these extreme conditions could have a material effect on the utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy's electricity sales volumes are affected by a number of factors including weather and economic conditions, trends in energy efficiency, new technologies and self-generation alternatives, including the willingness and ability of large industrial customers to develop co-generation facilities that greatly reduce their grid demand. some of these factors are inherently cyclical or temporary in nature, such as the weather or economic conditions, and rarely have a long-lasting effect on entergy's operating results. others, such as the organic turnover of appliances and their replacement with more efficient ones, adoption of newer technologies including smart thermostats, new building codes, distributed energy resources, energy storage, demand side management, and rooftop solar are having a more permanent effect by reducing sales growth rates from historical norms. as a result of these emerging efficiencies and technologies, the utility operating companies may lose customers or experience lower average use per customer in the residential and commercial classes, and continuing advances have the potential to further limit sales growth in the future. the 292 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy utility operating companies also may face competition from other companies offering products and services to entergy's customers. electricity sales to industrial customers, in particular, benefit from steady economic growth and favorable commodity markets; however, industrial sales are sensitive to changes in conditions in the markets in which its customers operate. negative changes in any of these or other factors, particularly sustained economic downturns or sluggishness, have the potential to result in slower sales growth or sales declines and increased bad debt expense, which could materially affect entergy's and the utility operating companies' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. the effects of climate change and environmental and regulatory obligations intended to compel greenhouse gas emission reductions or increase clean or renewable energy requirements or to place a price on greenhouse gas emissions could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy, the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business. in an effort to address climate change concerns, some federal, state, and local authorities are calling for additional laws and regulations aimed at known or suspected causes of climate change. for example, in response to the united states supreme court's 2007 decision holding that the epa has authority to regulate emissions of co 2 and other "greenhouse gases" under the clean air act, the epa, various environmental interest groups, and other organizations focused considerable attention on co 2
emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. in 2010, the epa promulgated its first regulations controlling greenhouse gas emissions from certain vehicles and from new and significantly modified stationary sources of emissions, including electric generating units. during 2012 and 2014, the epa proposed co 2 emission standards for new and existing sources. the epa finalized these standards in 2015; however, in june 2019, the epa repealed and replaced certain aspects of those regulations. as examples of state action, in the northeast, the regional greenhouse gas initiative establishes a cap on co 2 emissions from electric power plants and requires generators to purchase emission permits to cover their co 2 emissions, and a similar program has been developed in california. the impact that continued changes in the governmental response to climate change risk will have on existing and pending environmental laws and regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions is currently unclear. developing and implementing plans for compliance with greenhouse gas emissions reduction or clean/renewable energy requirements can lead to additional capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures and could significantly affect the economic position of existing facilities and proposed projects. the operations of low or non-emitting generating units (such as nuclear units) at lower than expected capacity factors could require increased generation from higher emitting units, thus increasing the company's greenhouse gas emission rate. moreover, long-term planning to meet environmental requirements can be negatively impacted and costs may increase to the extent laws and regulations change prior to full implementation. these requirements could, in turn, lead to changes in the planning or operations of balancing authorities or organized markets in areas where the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities do business. violations of such requirements may subject entergy wholesale commodities and the utility operating companies to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards. to the extent entergy believes any of these costs are recoverable in rates, however, additional material rate increases for customers could be resisted by entergy's regulators and, in extreme cases, entergy's regulators might deny or defer timely recovery of these costs. future changes in environmental regulation governing the emission of co 2 and other greenhouse gases or mix of generation sources could (i) result in significant additional costs to entergy's utility operating companies, their suppliers or customers, (ii) make some of entergy's electric generating units uneconomical to maintain or operate, (iii) result in the early retirement of generation facilities and stranded costs if entergy's utility operating companies are unable to fully recover the costs and investment in generation and (iv) could increase the difficulty that entergy and its utility operating companies have with obtaining or maintaining required environmental regulatory approvals, each of which could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations and liquidity of entergy and its subsidiaries. in addition, lawsuits have occurred or are reasonably expected against emitters of greenhouse gases alleging that these companies are liable for personal injuries and property damage caused by climate change. these lawsuits may seek injunctive relief, monetary compensation, and punitive damages. 293 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy in addition to the regulatory and financial risks associated with climate change discussed above, potential physical risks from climate change include an increase in sea level, wind and storm surge damages, wildfires, wetland and barrier island erosion, risks of flooding and changes in weather conditions, (such as increases in precipitation, drought, or changes in average temperatures), and potential increased impacts of extreme weather conditions or storms. entergy subsidiaries own assets in, and serve, communities that are at risk from sea level rise, changes in weather conditions, storms, and loss of the protection offered by coastal wetlands.
a significant portion of the nation's oil and gas infrastructure is located in these areas and susceptible to storm damage that could be aggravated by the physical impacts of climate change, which could give rise to fuel supply interruptions and price spikes. entergy and its subsidiaries also face the risk that climate change could impact the availability and quality of water supply necessary for operations. these and other physical changes could result in changes in customer demand, increased costs associated with repairing and maintaining generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on the entergy system's ability to meet peak customer demand, more frequent and longer lasting outages, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. also, to the extent that climate change adversely impacts the economic health of a region or results in energy conservation or demand side management programs, it may adversely impact customer demand and revenues. such physical or operational risks could have a material effect on entergy's, entergy wholesale commodities', system energy's, and the utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. continued and future availability and quality of water for cooling, process, and sanitary uses could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business. water is a vital natural resource that is also critical to the utility operating companies', system energy's, and entergy wholesale commodities' business operations. entergy's facilities use water for cooling, boiler make-up, sanitary uses, potable supply, and many other uses. entergy's utility operating companies also own and/or operate hydroelectric facilities. accordingly, water availability and quality are critical to entergy's business operations. impacts to water availability or quality could negatively impact both operations and revenues. entergy secures water through various mechanisms (ground water wells, surface waters intakes, municipal supply, etc.) and operates under the provisions and conditions set forth by the provider and/or regulatory authorities. entergy also obtains and operates in substantial compliance with water discharge permits issued under various provisions of the clean water act and/or state water pollution control provisions. regulations and authorizations for both water intake and use and for waste discharge can become more stringent in times of water shortages, low flows in rivers, low lake levels, low groundwater aquifer volumes, and similar conditions. the increased use of water by industry, agriculture, and the population at large, population growth, and the potential impacts of climate change on water resources may cause water use restrictions that affect entergy and its subsidiaries. entergy and its subsidiaries may not be adequately hedged against changes in commodity prices, which could materially affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
to manage near-term financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, entergy and its subsidiaries, including the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business, may enter into contracts to hedge portions of their purchase and sale commitments, fuel requirements, and inventories of natural gas, uranium and its conversion and enrichment, coal, refined products, and other commodities, within established risk management guidelines. as part of this strategy, entergy and its subsidiaries may utilize fixed- and variable-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and option contracts traded in the over-
the-counter markets or on exchanges. however, entergy and its subsidiaries normally cover only a portion of the exposure of their assets and positions to market price volatility, and the coverage will vary over time. in addition, entergy also elects to leave certain volumes during certain years unhedged. to the extent entergy and its subsidiaries have unhedged positions, 294 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy fluctuating commodity prices can materially affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations and financial position. although entergy and its subsidiaries devote a considerable effort to these risk management strategies, they cannot eliminate all the risks associated with these activities. as a result of these and other factors, entergy and its subsidiaries cannot predict with precision the impact that risk management decisions may have on their business, results of operations, or financial position.
entergy's over-the-counter financial derivatives are subject to rules implementing the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act that are designed to promote transparency, mitigate systemic risk and protect against market abuse. entergy cannot predict the impact any proposed or not fully-implemented final rules will have on its ability to hedge its commodity price risk or on over-the-counter derivatives markets as a whole, but such rules and regulations could have a material effect on entergy's risk exposure, as well as reduce market liquidity and further increase the cost of hedging activities. entergy has guaranteed or indemnified the performance of a portion of the obligations relating to hedging and risk management activities. reductions in entergy's or its subsidiaries' credit quality or changes in the market prices of energy commodities could increase the cash or letter of credit collateral required to be posted in connection with hedging and risk management activities, which could materially affect entergy's or its subsidiaries' liquidity and financial position. the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business are exposed to the risk that counterparties may not meet their obligations, which may materially affect the utility operating companies and entergy wholesale commodities.
the hedging and risk management practices of the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business are exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe entergy and its subsidiaries money, energy, or other commodities will not perform their obligations. currently, some hedging agreements contain provisions that require the counterparties to provide credit support to secure all or part of their obligations to entergy or its subsidiaries. if the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, entergy or its subsidiaries may enforce and recover the proceeds from the credit support provided and acquire alternative hedging arrangements, which credit support may not always be adequate to cover the related obligations. in such event, entergy and its subsidiaries might incur losses in addition to amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. in addition, the credit commitments of entergy's lenders under its bank facilities may not be honored for a variety of reasons, including unexpected periods of financial distress affecting such lenders, which could materially affect the adequacy of its liquidity sources. market performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require additional funding and result in increased benefit plan costs. the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust under entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans. a decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements relating to entergy's benefit plan liabilities and also result in higher benefit costs. as the value of the assets decreases, the "expected return on assets" component of benefit costs decreases, resulting in higher benefits costs.
additionally, asset losses are incorporated into benefit costs over time, thus increasing benefits costs.
volatility in the capital markets has affected the market value of these assets, which may affect entergy's planned levels of contributions in the future. additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding and recognition of higher liability carrying costs. the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans can also increase as a result of changes in, among other factors, retirement rates, life expectancy assumptions, or federal regulations. for further information regarding entergy's pension and other postretirement benefit plans, refer to the " critical accounting estimates -
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy and each of its registrant subsidiaries and note 11 to the financial statements. 295 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the litigation environment in the states in which certain entergy subsidiaries operate poses a significant risk to those businesses. entergy and its subsidiaries are involved in the ordinary course of business in a number of lawsuits involving employment, commercial, asbestos, hazardous material and ratepayer matters, and injuries and damages issues, among other matters. the states in which the utility operating companies operate, in particular louisiana, mississippi, and texas, have proven to be unusually litigious environments. judges and juries in these states have demonstrated a willingness to grant large verdicts, including punitive damages, to plaintiffs in personal injury, property damage, and business tort cases. entergy and its subsidiaries use legal and appropriate means to contest litigation threatened or filed against them, but the litigation environment in these states poses a significant business risk.
terrorist attacks, cyber attacks, system failures or data breaches of entergy's and its subsidiaries' or our suppliers' technology systems may adversely affect entergy's results of operations. entergy and its subsidiaries operate in a business that requires evolving information technology systems that include sophisticated data collection, processing systems, software, network infrastructure and other technologies that are becoming more complex and may be subject to mandatory and prescriptive reliability and security standards. the functionality of entergy's technology systems depends on its own and its suppliers' and their contractors' technology. suppliers'
and their contractors' technology systems to which entergy is connected directly or indirectly support a variety of business processes and activities to store sensitive data, including (i) intellectual property, (ii) proprietary business information, (iii) personally identifiable information of customers and employees, and (iv) data with respect to invoicing and the collection of payments, accounting, procurement, and supply chain activities. any significant failure or malfunction of such information technology systems could result in loss of data or disruptions of operations. there have been attacks and threats of attacks on energy infrastructure by cyber actors, including those associated with foreign governments. as an operator of critical infrastructure, entergy and its subsidiaries face heightened risk of an act or threat of terrorism, cyber attacks, and data breaches, whether as a direct or indirect act against one of entergy's generation, transmission or distribution facilities, operations centers, infrastructure, or information technology systems used to manage, monitor, and transport power to customers and perform day-to-day business functions. an actual act could affect entergy's ability to operate, including its ability to operate the information technology systems and network infrastructure on which it relies to conduct business. given the rapid technological advancements of existing and emerging threats, entergy's technology systems remain inherently vulnerable despite implementations and enhancements of the multiple layers of security and controls. if entergy's or its subsidiaries' technology systems were compromised and unable to detect or recover in a timely fashion to a normal state of operations, entergy or its subsidiaries could be unable to perform critical business functions that are essential to the company's well-being and could result in a loss of its confidential, sensitive, and proprietary information, including personal information of its customers, employees, suppliers, and others in entergy's care. although malware was discovered on entergy's business network in 2018, it was remediated on a timely basis and did not affect entergy's operational systems, generation plants
(including nuclear), or transmission and distribution networks, nor did it have a material effect on entergy's business operations. any such attacks, failures or data breaches could have a material effect on entergy's and the utility operating companies' business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation. insurance may not be adequate to cover losses that might arise in connection with these events. such events may also expose entergy to an increased risk of litigation (and associated damages and fines). 296 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy (entergy new orleans) the effect of higher purchased gas cost charges to customers taking gas service may adversely affect entergy new orleans's results of operations and liquidity. gas rates charged to retail gas customers are comprised primarily of purchased gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to entergy new orleans, and distribution charges, which provide a return or profit to the utility. distribution charges recover fixed costs on a volumetric basis and, thus, are affected by the amount of gas sold to customers. when purchased gas cost charges increase due to higher gas procurement costs, customer usage may decrease, especially in weaker economic times, resulting in lower distribution charges for entergy new orleans, which could adversely affect results of operations. purchased gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer's bill and may be adjusted monthly, represent gas commodity costs that entergy new orleans recovers from its customers. entergy new orleans's cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when gas is purchased and the time when ultimate recovery from customers occurs. (system energy) system energy owns and, through an affiliate, operates a single nuclear generating facility, and it is dependent on affiliated companies for all of its revenues. system energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% ownership/leasehold interest in grand gulf. charges under the unit power sales agreement are paid by the utility operating companies as consideration for their respective entitlements to receive capacity and energy. the useful economic life of grand gulf is finite and is limited by the terms of its operating license, which expires in november 2044. system energy's financial condition depends both on the receipt of payments from the utility operating companies under the unit power sales agreement and on the continued commercial operation of grand gulf. the unit power sales agreement is currently the subject of several litigation proceedings at the ferc, including a challenge with respect to system energy's authorized return on equity and capital structure and a request in separate proceeding for ferc to initiate a broader investigation of rates under the unit power sales agreement. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the proceedings. the utility operating companies have agreed to implement certain protocols for providing retail regulators with information regarding rates billed under the unit power sales agreement. for information regarding the unit power sales agreement, the sale and leaseback transactions and certain other agreements relating to the entergy system companies' support of system energy, see notes 8 and 10 to the financial statements and the "
utility - system energy and related agreements " section of part i, item 1. (entergy corporation) as a holding company, entergy corporation depends on cash distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and other financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock. entergy corporation is a holding company with no material revenue generating operations of its own or material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries.
accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. entergy corporation's ability to satisfy its financial obligations, including the payment of interest and principal on its outstanding debt, and to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends or distributions by its subsidiaries. the subsidiaries of entergy corporation are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any dividends or make distributions to entergy corporation. the ability of such subsidiaries to make payments of dividends or distributions to entergy corporation depends on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings, and on any applicable legal, regulatory, or contractual limitations on subsidiaries' ability to pay such dividends or distributions. prior to providing funds to entergy corporation, such subsidiaries have financial and regulatory obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, debt service and, in the case of entergy utility holding company and entergy texas, dividends and distributions on preferred securities. any distributions from the registrant subsidiaries other than entergy texas and system energy 297 table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy are paid directly to entergy utility holding company and are therefore subject to prior payment of distributions on its preferred securities. 298 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations 2019 compared to 2018 net income net income increased $10.3 million primarily due to higher retail electric price and lower nuclear refueling outage expenses, partially offset by lower volume/weather, higher interest expense, and higher depreciation and amortization expenses. operating revenues following is an analysis of the change in operating revenues comparing 2019 to 2018:
2018 operating revenues                                  $2,060.6
significantly affect net income return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred           241.4
income taxes to customers retail electric price                                        66.7
2019 operating revenues                                  $2,259.6
entergy arkansas's results include revenues from rate mechanisms designed to recover fuel, purchased power, and other costs such that the revenues and expenses associated with these items generally offset and do not affect net income. "fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not significantly affect net income" includes the revenue variance associated with these items. the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through a tax adjustment rider beginning in april 2018. in 2019, $126.3 million was returned to customers as compared to $367.7 million in 2018.
there was no effect on net income as the reduction in operating revenues in each period was offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in formula rate plan rates effective with the first billing cycle of january 2019, as approved by the apsc. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan filing. the volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 707 gwh, or 3%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales and a decrease in industrial usage. the decrease in industrial usage is primarily due to a decrease in small industrial sales. other income statement variances nuclear refueling outage expenses decreased primarily due to the amortization of lower costs associated with the most recent outages as compared to previous outages. 299 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
  a decrease of $20.2 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in 2019 as compared to 2018;
the effects of recording in 2019 a final judgment to resolve claims in the ano damages case against the doe
  related to spent nuclear fuel storage costs.  the damages awarded include the reimbursement of approximately
$11.9 million of spent nuclear fuel storage costs previously recorded as other operation and maintenance expense.  see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation; and
  a decrease of $5.5 millionin vegetation maintenance costs.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  an $11.2 million write-off in 2019 of specific costs related to the potential construction of scrubbers at the white bluff plant;
  an increase of $8.5 million in information technology expenses primarily due to higher costs related to applications and infrastructure support, enhanced cyber security, and upgrades and maintenance;
  an increase of $7.4 million due to spending on initiatives to explore new customer products and services;
  an increase of $5.5 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation accruals in 2019 as compared to prior year.
the increase in local franchise taxes is primarily due to higher electric retail revenues. the increase in ad valorem taxes is primarily due to higher assessments and millage rates. depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service and an increase in the ano 1 and ano 2 asset retirement cost assets. see note 9 to the financial statements for discussion of the increase in the asset retirement cost assets. interest expense increased primarily due to the issuance of $350 million of 4.20% series mortgage bonds in march 2019 and the issuance of $250 million of 4.00% series mortgage bonds in may 2018. the effective income tax rates were (21.6%) for 2019 and 669.7% for 2018. the differences in the effective income tax rates versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2019 and 2018 were primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of
21% to the effective income tax rates. 2018 compared to 2017 see " management's financial discussion and analysis -
results of operations " in entergy arkansas's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017. income tax legislation see the " income tax legislation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017, 2018, and 2019 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act. 300 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              677,766        211,825        555,556
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of                $3,519           $119         $6,216
2019 compared to 2018 operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $465.9 million in 2019 primarily due to:
a decrease in the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers in 2019 as
  compared to 2018.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act;
payments in 2018 of $135 million to the other utility operating companies as a result of a compliance filing
  made in response to the ferc's october 2018 order in the opportunity sales proceeding.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding;
income tax refunds of $34 million in 2019 compared to income tax payments of $44.4 million in 2018.  entergy arkansas had income tax refunds in 2019 and income tax payments in 2018 in accordance with an intercompany
  income tax allocation agreement.  the income tax refunds in 2019 resulted from the utilization of entergy arkansas's net operating losses.  the income tax payments in 2018 primarily resulted from the settlement of the 2012-2013 audit;
  a decrease of $44.1 million in spending on nuclear refueling outages in 2019; and
  the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs.
the increase was partially offset by the timing of collection of receivables from customers and an increase of
$11.8 million in pension contributions in 2019. see " management's financial discussion and analysis - critical accounting estimates " below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding. 301 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $12.4
  a decrease of $32.1 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed on various nuclear projects in 2019 as compared to 2018;
  a decrease of $25.8 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed on various projects in 2019 as compared to 2018; and a decrease of $13 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from
  year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle.
the decrease was partially offset by an increase of $35.6 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to investment in the reliability and infrastructure of entergy arkansas's distribution system, including increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure, and an increase of $15.6 million in storm spending. financing activities entergy arkansas's cash provided by financing activities decreased $468.9 million in
  a $350 million capital contribution from entergy corporation in may 2018 in anticipation of the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers and upcoming planned capital investments;
  the issuance of $250 million of 4.0% series first mortgage bonds in may 2018;
net repayments of long-term borrowings of $44.5 million in 2019 compared to net long-term borrowings of
  an increase of $23.2 million in common equity distributions paid in 2019 primarily to maintain entergy arkansas's capital structure.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  the issuance of $350 million of 4.20% series mortgage bonds in march 2019;
  net repayments of short-term borrowings of $50 million on the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility in 2018; and the redemption of $31.4 million of preferred stock in 2018 in connection with the internal restructuring.
  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the internal restructuring and note 6 to the financial statements for details of preferred stock activity.
decreases in entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool decreased by $161.1 million in 2019 compared to increasing by $16.6 million in 2018. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings. see note 5 to the financial statements for further details of long-term debt. 302 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis 2018 compared to 2017 see "
management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in entergy arkansas's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2018 compared to 2017. capital structure entergy arkansas's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to the issuance of long-term debt in 2019.
debt to capital                                    53.0%               52.0%
effect of excluding the securitization bonds       -%                  -0.2%
debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds    53.0%               51.8%
effect of subtracting cash                         -%                  -%
net debt to net capital, excluding securitization  53.0%               51.8%
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, finance lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy arkansas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy arkansas's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy arkansas, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy arkansas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy arkansas's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy arkansas's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. entergy arkansas seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy arkansas may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy arkansas may receive equity contributions to maintain its capital structure. uses of capital entergy arkansas requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
303 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy arkansas's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $250    $445      $595
utility support                              185     165       240
following are the amounts of entergy arkansas's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
operating leases (b)                 $13          $20          $13           $12       $58
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  lease obligations are discussed in note 10 to the financial statements.
(c)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy arkansas, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which are discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy arkansas currently expects to contribute approximately $32.5 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $509 thousand to its other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2020, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020.
see " critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding. also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy arkansas has $207.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy arkansas includes specific investments, such as transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; resource planning, including potential generation projects; system improvements; investments in ano 1 and 2; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt maturities in note 5 to the financial statements.
304 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy arkansas pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. searcy solar facility in march 2019, entergy arkansas announced that it signed an agreement for the purchase of an approximately 100 mw to-be-constructed solar energy facility that will be sited on approximately 800 acres in white county near searcy, arkansas. the purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals from applicable federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies. the project will be constructed by a subsidiary of nextera energy resources. entergy arkansas will purchase the facility upon mechanical completion and after the other purchase contingencies have been met. closing is expected to occur by the end of 2021. in may 2019, entergy arkansas filed a petition with the apsc seeking a finding that the transaction is in the public interest and requesting all necessary approvals. in september 2019
other parties filed testimony largely supporting the resource acquisition but disputing entergy arkansas's proposed method of cost recovery. entergy arkansas filed its rebuttal testimony in october 2019. in february 2020, entergy arkansas, the attorney general, and the apsc general staff filed a partial settlement agreement asking the apsc to approve, based on the record in the proceeding, all issues except certain issues that are submitted to the apsc for determination. sources of capital entergy arkansas's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  capital contributions; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy arkansas may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable. all debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy arkansas require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in entergy arkansas's bond indentures and other agreements. entergy arkansas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs. entergy arkansas's payables to the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. entergy arkansas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in september 2024. entergy arkansas also has a $20 million credit facility scheduled to expire in april 2020. the $150 million credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $5 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31,
2019, there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facilities. in addition, entergy arkansas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2019, a $1 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy arkansas's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of the credit facilities. 305 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $80 million scheduled to expire in september 2021. as of december 31, 2019, $15.1 million in loans were outstanding under the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. see note
4 to the financial statements for further discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. entergy arkansas obtained authorization from the ferc through november 2020 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $250 million at any time outstanding and borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy arkansas's short-term borrowing limits. the long-term securities issuances of entergy arkansas are limited to amounts authorized by the ferc. the apsc has concurrent jurisdiction over entergy arkansas's first mortgage bond/secured issuances. entergy arkansas has obtained long-term financing authorization from the ferc that extends through november 2020. entergy arkansas has obtained first mortgage bond/secured financing authorization from the apsc that extends through december 2020. state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery retail rates 2017 formula rate plan filing in july 2017, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its 2017 formula rate plan filing showing entergy arkansas's projected earned return on common equity for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018 test period to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. the filing projected a $129.7 million revenue requirement increase to achieve entergy arkansas's target earned return on common equity of 9.75%. entergy arkansas's formula rate plan is subject to a four percent annual revenue constraint and the projected annual revenue requirement increase exceeded the four percent, resulting in a proposed increase for the 2017 formula rate plan of $70.9
million. in october 2017, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc revised formula rate plan attachments that projected a $126.2 million revenue requirement increase based on acceptance of certain adjustments and recommendations made by the apsc staff and other intervenors. the revised formula rate plan filing included a proposed $71.1 million revenue requirement increase based on a revision to the four percent constraint calculation. in october 2017, entergy arkansas and the parties to the proceeding filed a joint motion to approve a unanimous settlement agreement resolving all issues in the proceeding and providing for recovery of certain 2017 and 2018 nuclear costs. in december 2017 the apsc approved the settlement agreement and the $71.1 million revenue requirement increase, as well as entergy arkansas's formula rate plan compliance tariff, and the rates became effective with the first billing cycle of january 2018. 2018 formula rate plan filing in july 2018, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its
2018 formula rate plan filing to set its formula rate for the 2019 calendar year. the filing showed entergy arkansas's projected earned return on common equity for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019 test period to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. additionally, the filing includes the first netting adjustment under the current formula rate plan for the historical test year 2017, reflecting the change in formula rate plan revenues associated with actual 2017 results when compared to the allowed rate of return on equity. the filing includes a projected $73.4 million revenue deficiency for 2019 and a $95.6 million revenue deficiency for the 2017 historical test year, for a total revenue requirement of $169 million for this filing. by operation of the formula rate plan, entergy arkansas's recovery of the revenue requirement is subject to a four percent annual revenue constraint.
because entergy arkansas's revenue requirement in this filing exceeds the constraint, the resulting increase is limited to four percent of total revenue, which originally was $65.4 million but was increased to $66.7 million based upon the apsc staff's updated calculation of 2018 revenue. in october 2018, entergy arkansas and the parties to the proceeding filed joint motions to approve a partial settlement agreement as to certain factual issues and agreed to brief contested legal issues. in november 2018 the apsc held a hearing and was briefed on a certain contested legal issue. in december 2018 the apsc issued a decision related to the initial legal brief, approved the
306 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis partial settlement agreement and $66.7 million revenue requirement increase, as well as entergy arkansas's formula rate plan, with updated rates going into effect for the first billing cycle of january 2019. 2019 formula rate plan filing in july 2019, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its 2019 formula rate plan filing to set its formula rate for the 2020 calendar year. the filing contained an evaluation of entergy arkansas's earnings for the projected year 2020 and a netting adjustment for the historical year 2018. the total proposed formula rate plan rider revenue change designed to produce a target rate of return on common equity of 9.75% is $15.3 million, which is based upon a deficiency of approximately $61.9 million for the 2020 projected year, netted with a credit of approximately
$46.6 million in the 2018 historical year netting adjustment. during 2018 entergy arkansas experienced higher-than expected sales volume, and actual costs were lower than forecasted. these changes, coupled with a reduced income tax rate resulting from the tax cuts and jobs act, resulted in the credit for the historical year netting adjustment. in the fourth quarter 2018 entergy arkansas recorded a provision of $35.1 million that reflected the estimate of the historical year netting adjustment that was expected to be included in the 2019 filing. in 2019, entergy arkansas recorded additional provisions totaling $11.5 million to reflect the updated estimate of the historical year netting adjustment included in the 2019 filing. in october 2019 other parties in the proceeding filed their errors and objections requesting certain adjustments to entergy arkansas's filing that would reduce or eliminate entergy arkansas's proposed revenue change. entergy arkansas filed its response addressing the requested adjustments in october 2019. in its response, entergy arkansas accepted certain of the adjustments recommended by the general staff of the apsc that would reduce the proposed formula rate plan rider revenue change to $14 million.
entergy arkansas disputed the remaining adjustments proposed by the parties. in october 2019, entergy arkansas filed a unanimous settlement agreement with the other parties in the proceeding seeking apsc approval of a revised total formula rate plan rider revenue change of $10.1 million. in its july 2019 formula rate plan filing, entergy arkansas proposed to recover an $11.2 million regulatory asset, amortized over five years, associated with specific costs related to the potential construction of scrubbers at the white bluff plant. although entergy arkansas does not concede that the regulatory asset lacks merit, for purposes of reaching a settlement on the total formula rate plan rider amount, entergy arkansas agreed not to include the white bluff scrubber regulatory asset cost in the
2019 formula rate plan filing or future filings. entergy arkansas recorded a write-off in 2019 of the $11.2 million white bluff scrubber regulatory asset. in december 2019, the apsc approved the settlement as being in the public interest and approved entergy arkansas's compliance tariff effective with the first billing cycle of january 2020.
internal restructuring in november 2017, entergy arkansas filed an application with the apsc seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of entergy arkansas to a new entity, which would ultimately be owned by an existing entergy subsidiary holding company. in july 2018, entergy arkansas filed a settlement, reached by all parties in the apsc proceeding, resolving all issues. the apsc approved the settlement agreement and restructuring in august 2018. pursuant to the settlement agreement, entergy arkansas will credit retail customers $39.6 million over six years, beginning in
2019. entergy arkansas also received the required ferc and nrc approvals. in november 2018, entergy arkansas undertook a multi-step restructuring, including the following:
  entergy arkansas, inc. redeemed its outstanding preferred stock at the aggregate redemption price of approximately$32.7 million.
under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy arkansas, inc. allocated substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary, entergy arkansas power, llc, a texas limited liability company (entergy
  arkansas power), and entergy arkansas power assumed substantially all of the liabilities of entergy arkansas, inc., in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc.  entergy arkansas, inc. remained in existence and held the membership interests in entergy arkansas power.
307 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy arkansas, inc. contributed the membership interests in entergy arkansas power to an affiliate
  (entergy utility holding company, llc, a texas limited liability company and subsidiary of entergy corporation).  as a result of the contribution, entergy arkansas power is a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc.
in december 2018, entergy arkansas, inc. changed its name to entergy utility property, inc., and entergy arkansas power then changed its name to entergy arkansas, llc. entergy arkansas, llc holds substantially all of the assets, and assumed substantially all of the liabilities, of entergy arkansas, inc. the transaction was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control. advanced metering infrastructure (ami) in september 2016, entergy arkansas filed an application seeking a finding from the apsc that entergy arkansas's deployment of ami is in the public interest. entergy arkansas proposed to replace existing meters with advanced meters that enable two-
way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy arkansas's modernized power grid.
the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $208 million and identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits. entergy arkansas proposed a 15-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which began in january 2019. deployment of the communications network began in
2018. in october 2017 the apsc issued an order finding that entergy arkansas's ami deployment is in the public interest and approving the settlement agreement subject to a minor modification. entergy arkansas is recovering the ami deployment costs and the quantified benefits through its formula rate plan. entergy arkansas will recover the undepreciated balance of its existing meters through a regulatory asset to be amortized over 15 years, as approved by the apsc. production cost allocation rider the apsc approved a production cost allocation rider for recovery from customers of the retail portion of the costs allocated to entergy arkansas as a result of the system agreement proceedings, which are discussed in the " system agreement cost equalization proceedings " section in note 2 to the financial statements. energy cost recovery rider entergy arkansas's retail rates include an energy cost recovery rider to recover fuel and purchased energy costs in monthly customer bills. the rider utilizes the prior calendar-
year energy costs and projected energy sales for the twelve-month period commencing on april 1 of each year to develop an energy cost rate, which is redetermined annually and includes a true-up adjustment reflecting the over-
or under-recovery, including carrying charges, of the energy costs for the prior calendar year. the energy cost recovery rider tariff also allows an interim rate request depending upon the level of over- or under-recovery of fuel and purchased energy costs. in january 2014, entergy arkansas filed a motion with the apsc relating to its upcoming energy cost rate redetermination filing that was made in march 2014. in that motion, entergy arkansas requested that the apsc authorize entergy arkansas to exclude from the redetermination of its 2014 energy cost rate
$65.9 million of incremental fuel and replacement energy costs incurred in 2013 as a result of the ano stator incident. entergy arkansas requested that the apsc authorize entergy arkansas to retain that amount in its deferred fuel balance, with recovery to be reviewed in a later period after more information was available regarding various claims associated with the ano stator incident. in february 2014 the apsc approved entergy arkansas's request to retain that amount in its deferred fuel balance. in july 2017, entergy arkansas filed for a change in rates pursuant to its formula rate plan rider. in that proceeding, the apsc approved a settlement agreement agreed upon by the parties, including a provision that requires entergy arkansas to initiate a regulatory proceeding for the purpose of recovering funds currently withheld from rates and related to the stator incident, including the $65.9
million of deferred fuel and purchased energy costs previously noted, subject to 308 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis certain timelines and conditions set forth in the settlement agreement. see the " ano damage, outage, and nrc reviews " section in note 8 to the financial statements for further discussion of the ano stator incident. in march 2017, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected an increase in the rate from $0.01164 per kwh to $0.01547 per kwh. the apsc staff filed testimony in march 2017
recommending that the redetermined rate be implemented with the first billing cycle of april 2017 under the normal operation of the tariff. accordingly, the redetermined rate went into effect on march 31, 2017 pursuant to the tariff. in july 2017 the arkansas attorney general requested additional information to support certain of the costs included in entergy arkansas's 2017 energy cost rate redetermination. in march 2018, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected an increase in the rate from $0.01547 per kwh to $0.01882 per kwh. the arkansas attorney general filed a response to entergy arkansas's annual redetermination filing requesting that the apsc suspend the proposed tariff to investigate the amount of the redetermination or, alternatively, to allow recovery subject to refund. among the reasons the attorney general cited for suspension were questions pertaining to how entergy arkansas forecasted sales and potential implications of the tax act. entergy arkansas replied to the attorney general's filing and stated that, to the extent there are questions pertaining to its load forecasting or the operation of the energy cost recovery rider, those issues exceed the scope of the instant rate redetermination. entergy arkansas also stated that potential effects of the tax act are appropriately considered in the apsc's separate proceeding regarding potential implications of the tax law. the apsc general staff filed a reply to the attorney general's filing and agreed that entergy arkansas's filing complied with the terms of the energy cost recovery rider. the redetermined rate became effective with the first billing cycle of april 2018. subsequently in april 2018 the apsc issued an order declining to suspend entergy arkansas's energy cost recovery rider rate and declining to require further investigation at that time of the issues suggested by the attorney general in the proceeding. following a period of discovery, the attorney general filed a supplemental response in october 2018 raising new issues with entergy arkansas's march 2018 rate redetermination and asserting that $45.7 million of the increase should be collected subject to refund pending further investigation. entergy arkansas filed to dismiss the attorney general's supplemental response, the apsc general staff filed a motion to strike the attorney general's filing, and the attorney general filed a supplemental response disputing entergy arkansas and the apsc staff's filing. applicable apsc rules and processes authorize its general staff to initiate periodic audits of entergy arkansas's energy cost recovery rider. in late-2018, the apsc general staff notified entergy arkansas it has initiated an audit of the
2017 fuel costs. the time in which the audit will be complete is uncertain at this time. in march 2019, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected a decrease from $0.01882 per kwh to $0.01462 per kwh and became effective with the first billing cycle in april 2019. in march 2019 the arkansas attorney general filed a response to entergy arkansas's annual adjustment and included with its filing a motion for investigation of alleged overcharges to customers in connection with the ferc's october 2018 order in the opportunity sales proceeding. entergy arkansas filed its response to the attorney general's motion in april 2019 in which entergy arkansas stated its intent to initiate a proceeding to address recovery issues related to the october 2018 ferc order. in may 2019, entergy arkansas initiated the opportunity sales recovery proceeding, discussed below, and requested that the apsc establish that proceeding as the single designated proceeding in which interested parties may assert claims related to the appropriate retail rate treatment of the ferc october 2018 order and related ferc orders in the opportunity sales proceeding. in june 2019
the apsc granted entergy arkansas's request and also denied the attorney general's motion in the energy cost recovery proceeding seeking an investigation into entergy arkansas's annual energy cost recovery rider adjustment and referred the evaluation of such matters to the opportunity sales recovery proceeding. 309 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis opportunity sales proceeding in june 2009 the lpsc filed a complaint requesting that the ferc determine that certain of entergy arkansas's sales of electric energy to third parties: (a) violated the provisions of the system agreement that allocated the energy generated by entergy system resources; (b) imprudently denied the entergy system and its ultimate consumers the benefits of low-cost entergy system generating capacity; and (c) violated the provision of the system agreement that prohibited sales to third parties by individual companies absent an offer of a right-of-first-refusal to other utility operating companies. the lpsc's complaint challenged sales made beginning in 2002 and requested refunds. in july 2009 the utility operating companies filed a response to the complaint arguing among other things that the system agreement contemplates that the utility operating companies may make sales to third parties for their own account, subject to the requirement that those sales be included in the load (or load shape) for the applicable utility operating company. the ferc subsequently ordered a hearing in the proceeding. after a hearing, the alj issued an initial decision in december 2010. the alj found that the system agreement allowed for entergy arkansas to make the sales to third parties but concluded that the sales should be accounted for in the same manner as joint account sales. the alj concluded that "shareholders" should make refunds of the damages to the utility operating companies, along with interest. entergy disagreed with several aspects of the alj's initial decision and in january
2011 filed with the ferc exceptions to the decision. the ferc issued a decision in june 2012 and held that, while the system agreement is ambiguous, it does provide authority for individual utility operating companies to make opportunity sales for their own account and entergy arkansas made and priced these sales in good faith. the ferc found, however, that the system agreement does not provide authority for an individual utility operating company to allocate the energy associated with such opportunity sales as part of its load but provides a different allocation authority. the ferc further found that the after-the-fact accounting methodology used to allocate the energy used to supply the sales was inconsistent with the system agreement. the ferc in its decision established further hearing procedures to quantify the effect of repricing the opportunity sales in accordance with the ferc's june
2012 decision. the hearing was held in may 2013 and the alj issued an initial decision in august 2013. the lpsc, the apsc, the city council, and ferc staff filed briefs on exceptions and/or briefs opposing exceptions. entergy filed a brief on exceptions requesting that the ferc reverse the initial decision and a brief opposing certain exceptions taken by the lpsc and ferc staff. in april 2016 the ferc issued orders addressing requests for rehearing filed in july 2012 and the alj's august 2013 initial decision. the first order denied entergy's request for rehearing and affirmed the ferc's earlier rulings that entergy's original methodology for allocating energy costs to the opportunity sales was incorrect and, as a result, entergy arkansas must make payments to the other utility operating companies to put them in the same position that they would have been in absent the incorrect allocation.
the ferc clarified that interest should be included with the payments. the second order affirmed in part, and reversed in part, the rulings in the alj's august 2013 initial decision regarding the methodology that should be used to calculate the payments entergy arkansas is to make to the other utility operating companies. the ferc affirmed the alj's ruling that a full re-run of intra-system bills should be performed but required that methodology be modified so that the sales have the same priority for purposes of energy allocation as joint account sales. the ferc reversed the alj's decision that any payments by entergy arkansas should be reduced by 20% . the ferc also reversed the alj's decision that adjustments to other system agreement service schedules and excess bandwidth payments should not be taken into account when calculating the payments to be made by entergy arkansas.
the ferc held that such adjustments and excess bandwidth payments should be taken into account but ordered further proceedings before an alj to address whether a cap on any reduction due to bandwidth payments was necessary and to implement the other adjustments to the calculation methodology. in may 2016, entergy services filed a request for rehearing of the ferc's april 2016 order arguing that payments made by entergy arkansas should be reduced as a result of the timing of the lpsc's approval of certain contracts. entergy services also filed a request for clarification and/or rehearing of the ferc's april 2016 order addressing the alj's august 2013 initial decision.
the apsc and the lpsc also filed requests for rehearing of the ferc's april 2016 order. in september 2017 the ferc issued an order denying the request for rehearing on the issue 310 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis of whether any payments by entergy arkansas to the other utility operating companies should be reduced due to the timing of the lpsc's approval of entergy arkansas's wholesale baseload contract with entergy louisiana. in november 2017 the ferc issued an order denying all of the remaining requests for rehearing of the april 2016 order. in november 2017, entergy services filed a petition for review in the d.c. circuit of the ferc's orders in the first two phases of the opportunity sales case. in december
2017 the d.c. circuit granted entergy services' request to hold the appeal in abeyance pending final resolution of the related proceeding before the ferc. in january 2018 the apsc and the lpsc filed separate petitions for review in the d.c. circuit, and the d.c. circuit consolidated the appeals with entergy services' appeal and held all of the appeals in abeyance pending final resolution of the related proceeding before the ferc. the hearing required by the ferc's april 2016 order was held in may 2017. in july 2017 the alj issued an initial decision addressing whether a cap on any reduction due to bandwidth payments was necessary and whether to implement the other adjustments to the calculation methodology. in august 2017 the utility operating companies, the lpsc, the apsc, and ferc staff filed individual briefs on exceptions challenging various aspects of the initial decision. in september
2017 the utility operating companies, the lpsc, the apsc, the mpsc, the city council, and ferc staff filed separate briefs opposing exceptions taken by various parties. based on testimony previously submitted in the case and its assessment of the april 2016 ferc orders, in the first quarter 2016, entergy arkansas recorded a liability of $87
million, which included interest, for its estimated increased costs and payment to the other utility operating companies, and a deferred fuel regulatory asset of $75 million. following its assessment of the course of the proceedings, including the ferc's denial of rehearing in november 2017 described above, in the fourth quarter 2017, entergy arkansas recorded an additional liability of $35 million and a regulatory asset of $31 million. in october
2018 the ferc issued an order addressing the alj's july 2017 initial decision. the ferc reversed the alj's decision to cap the reduction in entergy arkansas's payment to account for the increased bandwidth payments that entergy arkansas made to the other operating companies. the ferc also reversed the alj's decision that grand gulf sales from january through september 2000 should be included in the calculation of entergy arkansas's payment. the ferc affirmed on other grounds the alj's rejection of the lpsc's claim that certain joint account sales should be accounted for as part of the calculation of entergy arkansas's payment. in november 2018 the lpsc requested rehearing of the ferc's october 2018 decision. in december 2019 the ferc denied the lpsc's request for rehearing.
in december 2018, entergy made a compliance filing in response to the ferc's october 2018 order. the compliance filing provided a final calculation of entergy arkansas's payments to the other utility operating companies, including interest. no protests were filed in response to the december 2018 compliance filing. the december 2018
compliance filing is pending ferc action. refunds and interest in the following amounts were paid by entergy arkansas to the other operating companies in december 2018:
entergy arkansas previously recognized a regulatory asset with a balance of $116 million as of december 31, 2018
for a portion of the payments due as a result of this proceeding. 311 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in february 2019 the lpsc filed a new complaint relating to two issues that were raised in the opportunity sales proceeding, but that, in its october 2018 order, the ferc held were outside the scope of the proceeding. in march 2019, entergy services filed an answer and motion to dismiss the new complaint. in november 2019 the ferc issued an order denying the lpsc's complaint. the order concluded that the settlement agreement approved by ferc in december 2015 terminating the system agreement barred the lpsc's new complaint. in may 2019, entergy arkansas filed an application and supporting testimony with the apsc requesting approval of a special rider tariff to recover the costs of these payments from its retail customers over a 24-month period. the application requested that the apsc approve the rider to take effect within 30 days or, if suspended by the apsc as allowed by commission rule, approve the rider to take effect in the first billing cycle of the first month occurring 30 days after issuance of the apsc's order approving the rider. in june 2019 the apsc suspended entergy arkansas's tariff and granted entergy arkansas's motion asking the apsc to establish the proceeding as the single designated proceeding in which interested parties may assert claims related to the appropriate retail rate treatment of the ferc's october 2018 order and related ferc orders in the opportunity sales proceeding. in january 2020 the apsc adopted a procedural schedule with a hearing in april 2020. in january 2020
the attorney general and arkansas electric energy consumers, inc. filed a joint motion seeking to dismiss entergy arkansas's application alleging that the apsc, in a prior proceeding, ruled on the issues addressed in the application and determined that entergy arkansas's requested relief violates the filed rate doctrine and the prohibition against retroactive ratemaking. entergy arkansas responded to the joint motion in february 2020
rebutting these arguments, including demonstrating that the claims in this proceeding differ substantially from those the apsc addressed previously and that the payment resulting from a ferc tariff violation for which entergy arkansas seeks retail cost recovery in this proceeding differs materially from the refunds resulting from a ferc tariff amendment that the apsc previously rejected on filed rate doctrine and the retroactive ratemaking grounds.
in addition, in january 2020 the attorney general and arkansas electric energy consumers, inc. filed testimony opposing the recovery by entergy arkansas of the opportunity sales payment but also claiming that certain components of the payment should be segregated and refunded to customers. net metering legislation an arkansas law was enacted effective july 2019 that, among other things, expands the definition of a "net metering customer" to include two additional types of customers: (1) customers that lease net metering facilities, subject to certain leasing arrangements, and (2) government entities or other entities exempt from state and federal income taxes that enter into a service contract for a net metering facility. the latter provision would allow eligible entities, many of whom are small and large general service customers, to purchase renewable energy directly from third party providers and receive bill credits for these purchases. the apsc was given authority under this law to address certain matters, such as cost shifting and the appropriate compensation for net metered energy, and has initiated proceedings for this purpose. because of the size and number of customers eligible under this new law, there is a risk of loss of load and the shifting of costs to customers. a hearing was held in december 2019, with utilities, cooperatives, the arkansas attorney general, industrial customers, and entergy arkansas advocating the need for establishment of a reasonable rate structure that takes into account impacts to non-net metering customers.
separately, as directed by the apsc general staff, the apsc opened a proceeding to compel utilities to amend their net metering tariffs to incorporate the provisions of the legislation that the apsc general staff considered "black letter law." entergy arkansas, the arkansas attorney general, and other intervenors opposed this directive pending the development of the rules for implementation that are being considered in the separate net metering rulemaking docket. nevertheless, reserving its rights, entergy arkansas has complied with the directive to amend its tariffs.
asserting procedural and due process violations, in january 2020, entergy arkansas and the arkansas attorney general separately appealed certain apsc orders in this proceeding. federal regulation see the " rate, cost-
recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
312 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis nuclear matters entergy arkansas owns and, through an affiliate, operates the ano 1 and ano 2 nuclear power plants. entergy arkansas is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials; the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems and the fukushima event; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license renewal and amendments, and decommissioning; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of either ano 1 or ano 2, entergy arkansas may be required to file with the apsc a rate mechanism to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. ano 1's operating license expires in 2034
and ano 2's operating license expires in 2038. environmental risks entergy arkansas's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy arkansas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in " regulation of entergy's business -
environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated. critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy arkansas's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy arkansas's financial position or results of operations. in the first quarter 2019, entergy arkansas recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liabilities for ano 1 and ano 2 as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimates resulted in a $126.2 million increase in its decommissioning cost liabilities, along with corresponding increases in the related asset retirement cost assets that will be depreciated over the remaining lives of the units. nuclear decommissioning costs see " nuclear decommissioning costs " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs. utility regulatory accounting see " utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation 313 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation. impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments. taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the "
critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy arkansas's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate. costs and sensitivities the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020 qualified      impact on 2019 qualified actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                       $2,803                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                        $1,650                        $7,967
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020       impact on 2019 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $430                           $3,474
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant. 314 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for entergy arkansas in 2019 was $44.4 million. entergy arkansas anticipates 2020 qualified pension cost to be $61.1 million. entergy arkansas contributed $75.9 million to its qualified pension plans in 2019 and estimates pension contributions will be approximately $32.5 million in 2020, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020
valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020. total other postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy arkansas in 2019 was $10.7 million. entergy arkansas expects 2020
postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $12.5 million. entergy arkansas contributed $1.3 million to its other postretirement plans in 2019 and estimates 2020 contributions will be approximately $509 thousand. other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks. new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 315 table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the member and board of directors of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries (the "company") as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and changes in member's equity (pages 317 through 322 and applicable items in pages 49 through 236), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits.
we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states)
(pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 21, 2020 we have served as the company's auditor since 2001. 316 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $2,259,594       $2,060,643       $2,139,919
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance decommissioning                                                     68,030           60,420           56,860
operating income                                                   326,997           45,229          306,771
common equity see notes to financial statements.
317 table of contents (page left blank intentionally) 318 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                          $262,964       $252,707         $139,844
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
other working capital                                                 18,783        (30,118  )        15,087
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                       -              -       (1,047,837  )
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                         677,766        211,825          555,556
proceeds from sale of                                                 22,782         54,810           51,029
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                     (336,519  )    (315,163  )      (352,138  )
trust funds insurance proceeds                                                         -         14,790                -
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                834,038        958,434          294,656
debt retirement of long-term                                             (548,952  )    (690,488  )      (175,560  )
debt capital contribution                                                       -        350,000                -
from parent redemption of preferred                                                    -        (32,660  )             -
stock change in money pool                                                (161,104  )      16,601          114,905
payable - net changes in short-term                                                      -        (49,974  )        49,974
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                 $3,519           $119           $6,216
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                   $131,134       $118,731         $115,162
amount capitalized income taxes                                                        ($33,989  )     $44,393          ($8,141  )
see notes to financial statements.
319 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
securitization recovery trust                                                        4,036             4,666
customer                                                                           117,679            94,348
other property and investments decommissioning trust funds                                                      1,101,283           912,049
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $1,706
as of                                                                            1,666,850         1,534,977
december 31, 2019 and $14,329 as of december 31, 2018)
see notes to financial statements.
320 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
customer deposits                                                                        101,411         99,053
current portion of unprotected excess                                                      9,296         99,316
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $6,772 as of december 31, 2019                                                3,517,208      3,225,759
and $20,898 as of december 31, 2018)
see notes to financial statements.
321 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in member's equity for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017
capital contributions from parent                                                                  350,000
see notes to financial statements.
322 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data -
-in thousands operating                                  $2,259,594     $2,060,643     $2,139,919    $2,086,608    $2,253,564
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
323 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations 2019 compared to 2018 net income net income increased $15.9 million primarily due to higher retail electric price. the increase was partially offset by an income tax benefit recognized in 2018 as a result of the settlement of the 2012-2013 irs audit, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher other operation and maintenance expenses, lower volume/weather, and higher interest expense. operating revenues following is an analysis of the change in operating revenues comparing 2019 to 2018:
2018 operating revenues                                  $4,296.3
return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred           102.5
income taxes to customers volume/weather                                              (28.4  )
2019 operating revenues                                  $4,285.2
entergy louisiana's results include revenues from rate mechanisms designed to recover fuel, purchased power, and other costs such that the revenues and expenses associated with these items generally offset and do not affect net income. "fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not significantly affect net income" includes the revenue variance associated with these items. the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in formula rate plan revenues effective september 2018 and an interim increase in formula rate plan revenues effective june 2019
due to the inclusion of the first-year revenue requirement for the st. charles power station, each as approved by the lpsc. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan proceedings. the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through changes in the formula rate plan effective may 2018. in 2019,
$38.6 million was returned to customers as compared to $141.1 million in 2018. there was no effect on net income as the reduction in operating revenues was offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. the volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 673 gwh, or 3%, in billed electricity usage for residential and commercial customers, including the effect of less favorable weather. the decrease was partially offset by an increase in industrial usage primarily due to an increase in demand from expansion projects, primarily in the chemicals and transportation industries. 324 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis other income statement variances other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
  a $14.8 million gain in 2018 from the sale of willow glen power station;
  an increase of $12.7 million in information technology costs primarily due to higher costs related to applications and infrastructure support, enhanced cyber security, and upgrades and maintenance;
  an increase of $12.4 million in spending on initiatives to explore new customer products and services; and
  an increase of $9.6 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation accruals in 2019 as compared to prior year.
the increase was partially offset by:
  a decrease of $8.5 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a lower scope of work performed during plant outages in 2019 as compared to 2018; and the effects of recording in 2019 the final judgment to resolve claims in the river bend damages case against
  the doe related to spent nuclear fuel storage costs.  the damages awarded include the reimbursement of $5.2
million of spent nuclear fuel storage costs previously recorded as other operation and maintenance expense.
see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to increases in ad valorem taxes. ad valorem taxes increased primarily due to higher assessments. depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including the st. charles power station, which was placed into service in may 2019. other regulatory charges (credits) include regulatory charges of $73.1 million recorded in 2018 to reflect the effects of a provision in the settlement reached in the formula rate plan extension proceeding to return the benefits of the lower federal income tax rate in 2018 to customers. see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the formula rate plan extension proceeding. interest expense increased primarily due to the issuance of $525 million of
the difference in the effective income tax rate of 15% versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2019 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes and book and tax differences related to the non-taxable income distributions earned on preferred membership interests. the difference in the effective income tax rate of (8.8%) versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2018 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes and an irs audit settlement for the 2012-2013 tax returns. see note 3
to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rates of 21% to the effective income tax rates. 2018 compared to 2017 see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in entergy louisiana's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017. 325 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis income tax legislation see the " income tax legislation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017, 2018, and 2019 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                            1,236,002        1,395,204        1,337,545
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of                $2,006          $43,364          $35,907
2019 compared to 2018 operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $159.2 million in 2019 primarily due to:
income tax payments of $15.3 million in 2019 compared to $105.2 million in income tax refunds in 2018.
  entergy louisiana had income tax payments in 2019 and income tax refunds in 2018 in accordance with an intercompany tax allocation agreement.  the income tax refunds in 2018 resulted from the utilization of entergy louisiana's net operating losses;
  an increase of $65.2 million in spending on nuclear refueling outages;
the receipt of $58.6 million in 2018 from entergy arkansas as a result of a compliance filing made in
  response to the ferc's october 2018 order in the entergy arkansas opportunity sales proceeding.  the $58.6
million was credited to entergy louisiana customers in 2019.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding;
  the timing of payments to vendors;
  an increase of $25.7 million in storm expenses in 2019;
  an increase of $24.5 million in interest paid; and
  the timing of collection of receivables from customers.
the decrease was partially offset by a decrease in return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers and the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the effects and the regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. 326 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $224.6 million in 2019 primarily due to a decrease of $320 million in fossil-fueled generation expenditures, primarily due to lower spending on the st. charles power station and lake charles power station projects in 2019 and money pool activity. the decrease was partially offset by:
  an increase of $63.6 million in transmission expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018;
an increase of $63.1 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to investment in the
  reliability and infrastructure of entergy louisiana's distribution system, including increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure; and
  an increase of $46.5 million in storm spending in 2019.
decreases in entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool decreased by $46.8 million in 2019 compared to increasing by $35.7 million in 2018.
the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings. financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased
  the issuance of $750 million of 4.00% series mortgage bonds in march 2018.  a portion of the proceeds was used to repay $375 million of 6.0% series mortgage bonds in may 2018;
  the issuance of $600 million of 4.20% series mortgage bonds in august 2018.  a portion of the proceeds was used to repay $300 million of 6.5% series mortgage bonds in september 2018; and
  an increase of $80 million in common equity distributions in 2019 primarily to maintain entergy louisiana's capital structure.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  the issuance of $525 million of 4.20% series mortgage bonds in march 2019;
  net repayments of short-term borrowings of $43.5 million in 2018 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities' credit facilities.
increases in entergy louisiana's payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy louisiana's payable to the money pool increased by $82.8 million in 2019. see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt. 2018 compared to 2017 see " management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in entergy louisiana's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2018 compared to 2017. capital structure entergy louisiana's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. 327 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis december 31,2019          december 31,2018
debt to capital                           53.4  %                   53.6  %
effect of excluding securitization bonds  (0.1  %)                  (0.3  %)
debt to capital, excluding                53.3  %                   53.3  %
effect of subtracting cash                (0.1  %)                  (0.1  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding        53.2  %                   53.2  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, finance lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy louisiana uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy louisiana's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy louisiana, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy louisiana also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy louisiana's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy louisiana's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. entergy louisiana seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy louisiana may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy louisiana may receive equity contributions to maintain its capital structure. uses of capital entergy louisiana requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
following are the amounts of entergy louisiana's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $580      $485      $320
utility support                              300       385       390
328 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy louisiana's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
operating leases (b)                 $11          $17           $8            $3        $39
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  lease obligations are discussed in note 10 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy louisiana, almost all of the total consists of
(c)  unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the vidalia purchased power agreement and the unit power sales agreement, both of which are discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy louisiana currently expects to contribute approximately $38.8 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $18.5 million to its other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2020, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020.
see " critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding. also, in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy louisiana has $808.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy louisiana includes specific investments, such as the washington parish energy center and lake charles power station, each discussed below; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including investment to support advanced metering; resource planning, including potential generation projects; system improvements; investments in river bend and waterford 3; software and security; and other investments. entergy's utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. the estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy louisiana pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. 329 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis lake charles power station in november 2016, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc seeking certification that the public convenience and necessity would be served by the construction of the lake charles power station, a nominal 994
megawatt combined-cycle generating unit in westlake, louisiana, on land adjacent to the existing nelson plant in calcasieu parish. the current estimated cost of the lake charles power station is $872 million, including estimated costs of transmission interconnection and other related costs. in may 2017 the parties to the proceeding agreed to an uncontested stipulation finding that construction of the lake charles power station is in the public interest and authorizing an in-service rate recovery plan. in july 2017 the lpsc issued an order unanimously approving the stipulation and approved certification of the unit. construction is in progress and commercial operation is expected to occur by mid-2020. washington parish energy center in april 2017, entergy louisiana signed an agreement with a subsidiary of calpine corporation for the construction and purchase of a peaking plant. calpine will construct the plant, which will consist of two natural gas-fired combustion turbine units with a total nominal capacity of approximately 361 mw. the plant, named the washington parish energy center, will be located in bogalusa, louisiana. subject to regulatory approvals, entergy louisiana will purchase the plant once it is complete for an estimated total investment of approximately $261 million, including transmission and other related costs. in may 2017, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc seeking certification of the plant. in april 2018
the parties reached a settlement recommending certification and cost recovery through the additional capacity mechanism of the formula rate plan, consistent with prior lpsc precedent with respect to the certification and recovery of plants previously acquired by entergy louisiana. the lpsc issued an order approving the settlement in may 2018. construction is in progress and commercial operation is expected to occur by the end of 2020. sources of capital entergy louisiana's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  capital contributions; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy louisiana may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable. all debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy louisiana require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements. entergy louisiana has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs. entergy louisiana's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. 330 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy louisiana has a credit facility in the amount of $350 million scheduled to expire in september 2024. the credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $15 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2019, there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility.
in addition, entergy louisiana is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2019, a $12.3 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy louisiana's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities. the entergy louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entities have two separate credit facilities, each in the amount of $105 million and scheduled to expire in september 2021. as of december 31, 2019, $70.3 million of loans were outstanding under the credit facility for the entergy louisiana river bend nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. as of december 31, 2019, $49.9 million in loans were outstanding under the entergy louisiana waterford nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility.
see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facilities. entergy louisiana obtained authorizations from the ferc through november 2020 for the following:
  short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $450 million at any time outstanding;
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy louisiana's short-term borrowing limits.
hurricane isaac in june 2014 the lpsc voted to approve a series of orders which (i) quantified $290.8 million of hurricane isaac system restoration costs as prudently incurred; (ii) determined $290 million as the level of storm reserves to be re-established; (iii) authorized entergy louisiana to utilize louisiana act 55 financing for hurricane isaac system restoration costs; and (iv) granted other requested relief associated with storm reserves and act 55 financing of hurricane isaac system restoration costs. entergy louisiana committed to pass on to customers a minimum of $30.8 million of customer benefits through annual customer credits of approximately $6.2
million for five years. approvals for the act 55 financings were obtained from the louisiana utilities restoration corporation and the louisiana state bond commission. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the august 2014 issuance of bonds under act 55 of the louisiana legislature. little gypsy repowering project in april
2007, entergy louisiana announced that it intended to pursue the solid fuel repowering of a 538 mw unit at its little gypsy plant. in march 2009 the lpsc voted in favor of a motion directing entergy louisiana to temporarily suspend the repowering project and, based upon an analysis of the project's economic viability, to make a recommendation regarding whether to proceed with the project. this action was based upon a number of factors including the recent decline in natural gas prices, as well as environmental concerns, the unknown costs of carbon legislation and changes in the capital/financial markets. in april 2009, entergy louisiana complied with the lpsc's directive and recommended that the project be suspended for an extended period of time of three years or more. in may 2009 the lpsc issued an order declaring that entergy louisiana's decision to place the little gypsy project into a longer-term suspension of three years or more is in the public interest and prudent. in october 2009, entergy louisiana made a filing with the lpsc seeking permission to cancel the little gypsy repowering project and seeking project cost recovery over a five-year period. in june 2010 and august 2010, the lpsc staff and intervenors filed testimony. the lpsc staff (1) agreed that it was prudent to move the project from long-term suspension to cancellation and that the timing of the decision to suspend on a longer-term basis was not imprudent; (2) indicated that, except for $0.8 million in compensation-related costs, the costs incurred should be deemed prudent; 331 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis (3) recommended recovery from customers over ten years but stated that the lpsc may want to consider 15 years; (4) allowed for recovery of carrying costs and earning a return on project costs, but at a reduced rate approximating the cost of debt, while also acknowledging that the lpsc may consider ordering no return; and (5) indicated that entergy louisiana should be directed to securitize project costs, if legally feasible and in the public interest. in the third quarter 2010, in accordance with accounting standards, entergy louisiana determined that it was probable that the little gypsy repowering project would be abandoned and accordingly reclassified $199.8 million of project costs from construction work in progress to a regulatory asset. a hearing on the issues, except for cost allocation among customer classes, was held before the alj in november 2010. in january 2011 all parties participated in a mediation on the disputed issues, resulting in a settlement of all disputed issues, including cost recovery and cost allocation. the settlement provides for entergy louisiana to recover $200 million as of march 31, 2011, and carrying costs on that amount on specified terms thereafter. the settlement also provides for entergy louisiana to recover the approved project costs by securitization. in april 2011, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc to authorize the securitization of the investment recovery costs associated with the project and to issue a financing order by which entergy louisiana could accomplish such securitization. in august 2011 the lpsc issued an order approving the settlement and also issued a financing order for the securitization. see note 5 to the financial statements for a discussion of the september 2011 issuance of the securitization bonds. state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy louisiana charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy louisiana is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the lpsc, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers. retail rates - electric filings with the lpsc
2016 calendar year operations. the evaluation report reflected an earned return on common equity of 9.84% . as such, no adjustment to base formula rate plan revenue was required. adjustments, however, were required under the formula rate plan; the 2016 formula rate plan evaluation report showed a decrease in formula rate plan revenue of approximately $16.9 million , comprised of a decrease in legacy entergy louisiana formula rate plan revenue of $3.5
million , a decrease in legacy entergy gulf states louisiana formula rate plan revenue of $9.7 million , and a decrease in incremental formula rate plan revenue of $3.7 million . additionally, the formula rate plan evaluation report called for a decrease of $40.5 million in the miso cost recovery revenue requirement from $46.8 million to
$6.3 million . rates reflecting these adjustments were implemented with the first billing cycle of september 2017, subject to refund. in september 2017 the lpsc staff issued its report indicating that no changes to entergy louisiana's original formula rate plan evaluation report were required but reserved for several issues, including entergy louisiana's september 2017 update to its formula rate plan evaluation report. in july 2018, entergy louisiana and the lpsc staff filed an unopposed joint report setting forth a correction to the annualization calculation, the effect of which was a net $3.5 million revenue requirement reduction and indicating that there are no outstanding issues with the 2016 formula rate plan report, the supplemental report, or the interim updates. in september 2018 the lpsc approved the unopposed joint report. 332 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis formula rate plan extension through 2019 test year in august 2017, entergy louisiana filed a request with the lpsc seeking to extend its formula rate plan for three years (2017-2019) with limited modifications to its terms. in april 2018, the lpsc approved an unopposed joint motion filed by entergy louisiana and the lpsc staff that settles the matter and extends the formula rate plan for three years, providing for rates through at least august 2021. in addition to retaining the major features of the traditional formula rate plan, some of the more substantive features of the extended formula rate plan include:
  a mid-point reset of formula rate plan revenues to a 9.95% earned return on common equity for the 2017 test year and for the st. charles power station when it enters commercial operation;
  narrowing of the common equity bandwidth to plus or minus 60 basis points around the earned return on common equity;
a cap on potential revenue increase of $35 million for the 2018 evaluation period, and $70 million for the
  cumulative 2018 and 2019 evaluation periods, on formula rate plan cost of service rate increases (the cap excludes rate changes associated with the transmission recovery mechanism described below and rate changes associated with additional capacity);
  a framework for the flow back of certain tax benefits created by the tax act to customers; and a transmission recovery mechanism providing for the opportunity to recover certain transmission related
  expenditures in excess of $100 million for projects placed in service up to one month prior to rate change outside of sharing that is designed to operate in a fashion similar to the additional capacity mechanism.
entergy louisiana has indicated its intent to seek an extension of its formula rate plan on terms similar to the existing terms. 2017 formula rate plan filing in june 2018, entergy louisiana filed its formula rate plan evaluation report for its 2017 calendar year operations. the 2017 test year evaluation report produced an earned return on equity of 8.16%, due in large part to revenue-neutral realignments to other recovery mechanisms. without these realignments, the evaluation report produces an earned return on equity of 9.88% and a resulting base rider formula rate plan revenue increase of $4.8 million. excluding the tax act credits provided for by the tax reform adjustment mechanisms, total formula rate plan revenues were further increased by a total of $98 million as a result of the evaluation report due to adjustments to the additional capacity and miso cost recovery mechanisms of the formula rate plan, and implementation of the transmission recovery mechanism. in august 2018, entergy louisiana filed a supplemental formula rate plan evaluation report to reflect changes from the 2016 test year formula rate plan proceedings, a decrease to the transmission recovery mechanism to reflect lower actual capital additions, and a decrease to evaluation period expenses to reflect the terms of a new power sales agreement. based on the august
2018 update, entergy louisiana recognized a total decrease in formula rate plan revenue of approximately $17.6
million. results of the updated 2017 evaluation report filing were implemented with the september 2018 billing month subject to refund and review by the lpsc staff and intervenors. in accordance with the terms of the formula rate plan, in september 2018 the lpsc staff and intervenors submitted their responses to entergy louisiana's original formula rate plan evaluation report and supplemental compliance updates. the lpsc staff asserted objections/reservations regarding 1) entergy louisiana's proposed rate adjustments associated with the return of excess accumulated deferred income taxes pursuant to the tax act and the treatment of accumulated deferred income taxes related to reductions of rate base; 2) entergy louisiana's reservation regarding treatment of a regulatory asset related to certain special orders by the lpsc; and 3) test year expenses billed from entergy services to entergy louisiana. intervenors also objected to entergy louisiana's treatment of the regulatory asset related to certain special orders by the lpsc. a procedural schedule has not yet been established to resolve these issues. 333
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy louisiana also included in its filing a presentation of an initial proposal to combine the legacy entergy louisiana and legacy entergy gulf states louisiana residential rates, which combination, if approved, would be accomplished on a revenue-neutral basis intended not to affect the rates of other customer classes. commercial operation at st.
charles power station commenced in may 2019. in may 2019, entergy louisiana filed an update to its 2017 formula rate plan evaluation report to include the estimated first-year revenue requirement of $109.5 million associated with the st. charles power station. the resulting interim adjustment to rates became effective with the first billing cycle of june 2019. 2018 formula rate plan filing in may 2019, entergy louisiana filed its formula rate plan evaluation report for its 2018 calendar year operations. the 2018 test year evaluation report produced an earned return on common equity of 10.61% leading to a base rider formula rate plan revenue decrease of $8.9
million. while base rider formula rate plan revenue will decrease as a result of this filing, overall formula rate plan revenues will increase by approximately $118.7 million. this outcome is primarily driven by a reduction to the credits previously flowed through the tax reform adjustment mechanism and an increase in the transmission recovery mechanism, partially offset by reductions in the additional capacity mechanism revenue requirements and extraordinary cost items. the filing is subject to review by the lpsc. resulting rates were implemented in september 2019, subject to refund. entergy louisiana also included in its filing a presentation of an initial proposal to combine the legacy entergy louisiana and legacy entergy gulf states louisiana residential rates, which combination, if approved, would be accomplished on a revenue-neutral basis intended not to affect the rates of other customer classes. entergy louisiana contemplates that any combination of residential rates resulting from this request would be implemented with the results of the 2019 test year formula rate plan filing. several parties intervened in the proceeding and the lpsc staff filed its report of objections/reservations in accordance with the applicable provisions of the formula rate plan. in its report the lpsc staff re-urged reservations with respect to the outstanding issues from the 2017 test year formula rate plan filing and disputed the inclusion of certain affiliate costs for test years 2017 and 2018. the lpsc staff objected to entergy louisiana's proposal to combine residential rates but proposed the setting of a status conference to establish a procedural schedule to more fully address the issue. the lpsc staff also reserved its right to object to the treatment of the sale of willow glen reflected in the evaluation report and to the august 2019 compliance update, which was made primarily to update the capital additions reflected in the formula rate plan's transmission recovery mechanism, based on limited time to review it. additionally, since the completion of certain transmission projects, the lpsc staff has issued supplemental data requests addressing the prudence of entergy louisiana's expenditures in connection with those projects. entergy louisiana is in the process of responding to those requests. investigation of costs billed by entergy services in november 2018 the lpsc issued a notice of proceeding initiating an investigation into costs incurred by entergy services that are included in the retail rates of entergy louisiana. as stated in the notice of proceeding, the lpsc observed an increase in capital construction-related costs incurred by entergy services.
discovery was issued and included efforts to seek highly detailed information on a broad range of matters unrelated to the scope of the audit. there has been no further activity in the investigation since may 2019. waterford 3
replacement steam generator project following the completion of the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project, the lpsc undertook a prudence review in connection with a filing made by entergy louisiana in april 2013
with regard to the following aspects of the replacement project: 1) project management; 2) cost controls; 3)
success in achieving stated objectives; 4) the costs of the replacement project; and 5) the outage length and replacement power costs. in july 2014 the lpsc 334 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis staff filed testimony recommending potential project and replacement power cost disallowances of up to $71 million , citing a need for further explanation or documentation from entergy louisiana. an intervenor filed testimony recommending disallowance of $141 million of incremental project costs, claiming the steam generator fabricator was imprudent. entergy louisiana provided further documentation and explanation requested by the lpsc staff. an evidentiary hearing was held in december 2014. entergy louisiana believed that the replacement steam generator costs were prudently incurred and applicable legal principles supported their recovery in rates. nevertheless, entergy louisiana recorded a write-off of $16 million of waterford
3's plant balance in december 2014 because of the uncertainty at the time associated with the resolution of the prudence review. in december 2015 the alj issued a proposed recommendation, which was subsequently finalized, concluding that entergy louisiana prudently managed the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project, including the selection, use, and oversight of contractors, and could not reasonably have anticipated the damage to the steam generators. nevertheless, the alj concluded that entergy louisiana was liable for the conduct of its contractor and subcontractor and, therefore, recommended a disallowance of $67 million in capital costs. additionally, the alj concluded that entergy louisiana did not sufficiently justify the incurrence of $2 million in replacement power costs during the replacement outage. although the alj's recommendation had not yet been considered by the lpsc, after considering the progress of the proceeding in light of the alj recommendation, entergy louisiana recorded in the fourth quarter 2015 approximately $77 million in charges, including a $45 million asset write-off and a $32
million regulatory charge, to reflect that a portion of the assets associated with the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project was no longer probable of recovery. entergy louisiana maintained that the alj's recommendation contained significant factual and legal errors. in october 2016 the parties reached a settlement in this matter. the settlement was approved by the lpsc in december 2016. the settlement effectively provided for an agreed-upon disallowance of $67 million of plant, which had been previously written off by entergy louisiana, as discussed above. the refund to customers of approximately $71 million as a result of the settlement approved by the lpsc was made to customers in january 2017. of the $71 million of refunds, $68 million was credited to customers through entergy louisiana's formula rate plan, outside of sharing, and $3 million through its fuel adjustment clause. entergy louisiana had previously recorded a provision of $48 million for this refund. the previously-
recorded provision included the cumulative revenues recorded through december 2016 related to the $67 million of disallowed plant. an additional regulatory charge of $23 million was recorded in fourth quarter 2016 to reflect the effects of the settlement. the settlement also provided that entergy louisiana could retain the value associated with potential service credits agreed to by the project contractor, to the extent they are realized in the future.
following a review by the parties, an unopposed joint report of proceedings was filed by the lpsc staff and entergy louisiana in may 2017 and the lpsc accepted the joint report of proceedings resolving the matter. advanced metering infrastructure (ami) in november 2016, entergy louisiana filed an application seeking a finding from the lpsc that entergy louisiana's deployment of advanced electric and gas metering infrastructure is in the public interest.
entergy louisiana proposed to deploy advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy louisiana's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $330 million and identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits. entergy louisiana proposed a 15-year useful life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which began in 2019.
deployment of the communications network began in 2018. entergy louisiana proposed to recover the cost of ami through the implementation of a customer charge, net of certain benefits, phased in over the period 2019 through
2022. the parties reached an uncontested stipulation permitting implementation of entergy louisiana's proposed ami system, with modifications to the proposed customer charge. in july 2017 the lpsc approved the stipulation. entergy louisiana will recover the undepreciated balance of its existing meters through a regulatory asset to be amortized at current depreciation rates, as approved by the lpsc. 335 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis retail rates - gas 2016 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2017, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2016. the filing of the evaluation report for test year 2016 reflected an earned return on common equity of 6.37% . in april 2017 the lpsc approved a joint report of proceedings and entergy louisiana submitted a revised evaluation report reflecting a $1.2 million annual increase in revenue with rates implemented with the first billing cycle of may 2017. 2017 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2018, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2017. the filing of the evaluation report for the test year 2017 reflected an earned return on common equity of 9.06%. this earned return is below the earnings sharing band of the rate stabilization plan and results in a rate increase of $0.1 million. due to the enactment in late-december 2017 of the tax cuts and jobs act, entergy louisiana did not have adequate time to reflect the effects of this tax legislation in the rate stabilization plan. in april 2018, entergy louisiana filed a supplemental evaluation report for the test year ended september 2017, reflecting the effects of the tax act, including a proposal to use the unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to offset approximately $1.4
million of storm restoration deferred operation and maintenance costs incurred by entergy louisiana in connection with the august 2016 flooding disaster in its gas service area. the supplemental filing reflects an earned return on common equity of 10.79%. as-filed rates from the supplemental filing were implemented, subject to refund, with customers receiving a cost reduction of approximately $0.7 million effective with bills rendered on and after the first billing cycle of may 2018, as well as a $0.2 million reduction in the gas infrastructure rider effective with bills rendered on and after the first billing cycle of july 2018. in october 2019 the lpsc staff issued its report finding that entergy louisiana's filing complied with the terms of the rate stabilization plan but recommending an additional refund of $0.7 million related to the tax act. a procedural schedule has not been established. 2018 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2019, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2018. the filing of the evaluation report for the test year 2018 reflected an earned return on common equity of 2.69% . this earned return is below the earning sharing band of the gas rate stabilization plan and results in a rate increase of $2.8 million . entergy louisiana made a compliance filing in april 2019 and rates were implemented during the first billing cycle of may 2019, subject to refund and final lpsc review. the proceeding is currently in its discovery phase. gas rate stabilization plan extension request in august
2019, entergy louisiana submitted an application to the lpsc seeking extension of the gas rate stabilization plan for the 2019-2021 test years on the same terms as those approved for the 2018 test year. the lpsc established a procedural schedule to address this request with a hearing scheduled in may 2020. entergy louisiana and the lpsc staff recently submitted a joint stipulation that recommends approval of the requested extension with certain modifications to the current terms, including a 9.8% evaluation period cost rate for common equity and provisions for the return of the excess accumulated deferred income tax to customers on a dollar for dollar basis in a manner consistent with irs normalization rules. the lpsc approved the joint stipulation in january 2020. 336 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis 2019 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2020, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2019. the filing of the evaluation report for the test year 2019 reflected an earned return on common equity of 10.78%. this earned return exceeds the earning sharing band of the gas rate stabilization plan leading to a rate reduction of approximately $256 thousand. fuel and purchased power recovery entergy louisiana recovers electric fuel and purchased power costs for the billing month based upon the level of such costs incurred two months prior to the billing month. entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustments include estimates for the billing month adjusted by a surcharge or credit that arises from an annual reconciliation of fuel costs incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers, including carrying charges. in july 2014 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of the fuel adjustment clause filings by entergy gulf states louisiana, whose business was combined with entergy louisiana in 2015. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy gulf states louisiana's fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through
2013. in january 2019, the lpsc staff consultant issued its audit report. in its report, the lpsc staff consultant recommended that entergy louisiana refund approximately $900,000, plus interest, to customers based upon the imputation of a claim of vendor fault in servicing its nuclear plant. entergy louisiana recorded a provision in first quarter 2019 for the potential outcome of the audit. in august 2019, entergy louisiana filed direct testimony challenging the basis for the lpsc staff's recommended disallowance and providing an alternative calculation of replacement power costs should it be determined that a disallowance is appropriate. entergy louisiana's calculation would require no refund to customers. in july 2014 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by entergy louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013. in january 2019, the lpsc staff consultant issued its audit report. in its report, the lpsc staff consultant recommended that entergy louisiana refund approximately $7.3 million, plus interest, to customers based upon the imputation of a claim of vendor fault in servicing its nuclear plant. entergy louisiana recorded a provision in the first quarter 2019 for the potential outcome of the audit. in august 2019, entergy louisiana filed direct testimony challenging the basis for the lpsc staff's recommended disallowance and providing an alternative calculation of replacement power costs should it be determined that a disallowance is appropriate. entergy louisiana's calculation would require a refund to customers of approximately $4.3 million, plus interest, as compared to the lpsc staff's recommendation of $7.3
million, plus interest. responsive testimony was filed by the lpsc staff and intervenors in september 2019; all parties either agreed with or did not oppose entergy louisiana's alternative calculation of replacement power costs. in november 2019 the pending lpsc proceedings for the 2010-2013 entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana audits were consolidated to facilitate a settlement of both fuel audits. in december 2019 an unopposed settlement was reached that requires a refund to legacy entergy louisiana customers of approximately $2.3 million, including interest, and no refund to legacy entergy gulf states louisiana customers. the lpsc approved the settlement in january 2020. in june 2016 the lpsc issued notice of audits of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings and purchased gas adjustment clause filings for the period 2014 through 2015. in recognition of the business combination that occurred in 2015, the audit notice was issued to entergy louisiana and will also include a review of charges to legacy entergy gulf states louisiana customers prior to the business combination. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2014 through 2015 and charges flowed through entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustment clause for the period from 2012 through 2015. discovery commenced in march 2017. no report of audit has been issued. 337
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in may
2018 the lpsc staff provided notice of audits of entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustment clause for the period from 2016 through 2017. discovery commenced in september 2018. no report of audit has been issued. net metering rulemaking in september 2019 the lpsc issued an order modifying its rules regarding net metering installations. among other things, the rule provides for 2-channel billing for net metering with excess energy put to the grid being compensated at the utility's avoided cost. however, the rule does provide that net meter installations in place as of december 31, 2019 will be subject to 1:1 net metering with excess energy put to the grid being compensated at the full retail rate for a period of 15 years (through december 31, 2034), after which those installations will be subject to 2-channel billing. the rule also eliminates the existing limit on the cumulative number of net meter installations. industrial and commercial customers entergy louisiana's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy louisiana's industrial customer base. entergy louisiana responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles. entergy louisiana actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers. federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation -
federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation. nuclear matters entergy louisiana owns and, through an affiliate, operates the river bend and waterford 3 nuclear power plants. entergy louisiana is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials; the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems and the fukushima event; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license renewal and amendments, and decommissioning; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of river bend or waterford 3, entergy louisiana may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. waterford 3's operating license expires in 2044 and river bend's operating license expires in
2045. environmental risks entergy louisiana's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy louisiana is in substantial compliance with environmental 338 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in " regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated. critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy louisiana's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy louisiana's financial position or results of operations. nuclear decommissioning costs see " nuclear decommissioning costs " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs. in the first quarter 2018, entergy louisiana recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liability for river bend as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimate resulted in an $85.4 million increase in its decommissioning cost liability, along with a corresponding increase in the related asset retirement cost asset that will be depreciated over the remaining life of the unit. in the second quarter 2019, entergy louisiana recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liability for waterford 3 as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimate resulted in a $147.5 million increase in its decommissioning cost liability, along with a corresponding increase in the related asset retirement cost asset that will be depreciated over the remaining useful life of the unit. utility regulatory accounting see " utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates "
section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation. impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see "
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments. taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy louisiana's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified 339 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis pension and other postretirement benefits " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate. cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020 qualified      impact on 2019 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                       $3,201                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                        $2,095                       $10,727
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020       impact on 2019 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $989                           $5,985
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant. costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for entergy louisiana in 2019 was $48.6 million. entergy louisiana anticipates 2020 qualified pension cost to be $63.4 million. entergy louisiana contributed $65 million to its qualified pension plans in 2019 and estimates pension contributions will be approximately $38.8 million in 2020, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020
valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020. total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for entergy louisiana in 2019 were $7.3 million. entergy louisiana expects 2020 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs of approximately $8.7 million. entergy louisiana contributed $14.3 million to its other postretirement plans in 2019 and estimates that 2020 contributions will be approximately $18.5 million.
other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks. 340 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
341 table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the member and board of directors of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries (the "company") as of december 31, 2019 and
2018, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity (pages
343 through 348 and applicable items in pages 49 through 236), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob. we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
2001. 342 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $4,223,027       $4,232,541       $4,246,020
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance decommissioning                                                     59,346           53,736           49,457
operating income                                                   896,642          675,771          874,637
see notes to financial statements.
343 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended december 31,
(net of tax expense of
see notes to financial statements.
344 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                        $691,537         $675,614         $316,347
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in working capital:
other working capital                                              (62,536  )        (5,809  )       (30,911  )
accounts changes in provisions for estimated                                                        9,664            8,307           (8,324  )
losses changes in other                                                  (210,134  )        40,765          492,696
regulatory assets changes in other                                                   (35,881  )      (125,185  )       605,453
regulatory liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                     -                -       (1,207,808  )
regulatory liability/asset changes in pension and other                                                               35,162         (106,269  )       (32,309  )
net cash flow provided by operating                                                     1,236,002        1,395,204        1,337,545
of nuclear fuel payments to storm                                                   (6,353  )        (4,770  )        (2,110  )
account changes in                                                             (32  )        (1,655  )           880
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                   (442,501  )    (1,097,204  )      (266,592  )
trust funds changes in money pool                                               46,843          (35,672  )        11,330
receivable - net proceeds from sale of                                                    -           11,987                -
of assets litigation proceeds for reimbursement of                                                 2,369                -                -
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                            2,691,133        2,319,799          733,344
debt retirement of                                                   (2,199,053  )    (1,664,354  )      (407,736  )
long-term debt change in money pool                                                82,826                -                -
payable - net changes in short-term                                                    -          (43,540  )        39,746
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                               $2,006          $43,364          $35,907
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                 $296,842         $272,335         $266,871
amount capitalized income taxes                                                       $15,272        ($105,157  )     ($234,199  )
see notes to financial statements.
345 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
customer                                                                           194,869           199,903
membership interests decommissioning trust funds                                                      1,563,812         1,284,996
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $27,596
as of                                                                            1,315,211         1,105,077
december 31, 2019 and $49,753 as of december 31, 2018)
see notes to financial statements.
346 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
customer deposits                                                                     153,097        155,314
current portion of unprotected excess                                                                                 31,138         31,457
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $33,220 as of december 31,                                                 6,983,667      6,805,766
and $55,682 as of december 31, 2018)
see notes to financial statements.
347 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended december
see notes to financial statements.
348 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data -
-in thousands operating                                $4,285,175     $4,296,320     $4,300,550     $4,177,048     $4,417,146
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
349 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations
2019 compared to 2018 net income net income decreased $6.2 million primarily due to higher depreciation and amortization expenses, lower volume/weather, and a higher effective income tax rate, partially offset by higher retail electric price. operating revenues following is an analysis of the change in operating revenues comparing
2018 operating revenues                                  $1,335.1
return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred            25.8
income taxes to customers retail electric price                                        29.6
2019 operating revenues                                  $1,323.0
entergy mississippi's results include revenues from rate mechanisms designed to recover fuel, purchased power, and other costs such that the revenues and expenses associated with these items generally offset and do not affect net income. "fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not significantly affect net income" includes the revenue variance associated with these items. the volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 455 gwh, or 3%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of less favorable weather on residential sales and a decrease in industrial usage. the decrease in industrial usage is primarily due to decreased small industrial sales. the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers is due to the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through customer bill credits over a three-month period from july 2018 through september 2018 per an agreement approved by the mpsc in june 2018 resulting from the stipulation related to the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act. there was no effect on net income as the reduction in operating revenues was offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in formula rate plan rates effective with the first billing cycle of july 2019 and an accrual in the fourth quarter 2019 for the interim capacity rate adjustment to the formula rate plan to recover non-fuel related costs associated with the acquisition of the choctaw generating station, each as approved by the mpsc. entergy mississippi began billing the interim capacity rate adjustment in january 2020. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan filing and the interim capacity rate adjustment. 350
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis other income statement variances other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
  an increase of $4.7 millionin spending on initiatives to explore new customer products and services; and
  an increase of $4.6 million in information technology costs primarily due to higher costs related to applications and infrastructure support, enhanced cyber security, and upgrades and maintenance.
the increase was partially offset by a $5.8 million loss in 2018 on the sale of fuel oil inventory per an agreement approved by the mpsc in june 2018 resulting from the stipulation related to the effects of the tax act. there is no effect on net income as the loss on the sale of fuel oil inventory is offset by a reduction in income tax expense.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily as a result of higher depreciation rates, as approved by the mpsc, and additions to plant in service. other regulatory charges include a regulatory charge recorded in second quarter 2018 to reflect the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes per an agreement approved by the mpsc in june 2018 that resulted in a reduction in net utility plant of $127.2 million. there was no effect on net income as the regulatory charge was offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity related to the tax cuts and jobs act. interest expense increased primarily due to issuances of $300 million in june 2019 and $135 million in november 2019, of
3.85% series mortgage bonds and the issuance of $55 million of 4.52% series mortgage bonds in december 2018, partially offset by the repayment, at maturity, of $150 million of 6.64% series mortgage bonds in july 2019. see note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt. the effective income tax rates were 20.5% for
2019 and (41,237%) for 2018. the difference in the effective income tax rate of (41,237%) versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2018 was primarily due to the flow through of excess accumulated deferred income taxes.
see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the effective income tax rates. 2018 compared to 2017 see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in entergy mississippi's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017. income tax legislation see the " income tax legislation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017, 2018, and 2019 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act. 351 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              339,952        418,382        226,585
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $51,601        $36,954         $6,096
2019 compared to 2018 operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $78.4 million in 2019 primarily due to:
  the timing of collection of receivables from customers;
the receipt of $36.2 million from entergy arkansas as a result of a compliance filing made in response to
  the ferc's october 2018 order in the entergy arkansas opportunity sales proceeding.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding; and
  $26.2 million in proceeds from the sale of fuel oil inventory in 2018.
the decrease was partially offset by the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs and the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers in 2018. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $314.2 million in 2019 primarily due to:
  the purchase of the choctaw generating station in october 2019 for approximately $305 million.  see note 14
to the financial statements for further discussion of the choctaw generating station purchase;
  an increase of $34.9 million primarily due to investment in the infrastructure of entergy mississippi's distribution system, including increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure; and
  an increase of $15.6 million in storm spending in 2019.
the increase was partially offset by money pool activity. increases in entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool increased by $3.3
million in 2019 compared to increasing by $39.7 million in 2018. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings. 352 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $376.5 million in 2019 primarily due to:
  the issuance of $435 million of 3.85% series mortgage bonds in 2019 compared to the issuance of $55 million of 4.52% series mortgage bonds 2018;
  a capital contribution of $130 million in october 2019 in anticipation of  the purchase of the choctaw generating station in october 2019; and the redemption of $20 million of preferred stock in 2018 in connection with the internal restructuring.  see
  note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the internal restructuring and note 6 to the financial statements for details of preferred stock activity.
the increase was partially offset by the repayment, at maturity, of $150 million of 6.64% series mortgage bonds in july 2019. see note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt. 2018 compared to 2017 see "
management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in entergy mississippi's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2018 compared to 2017. capital structure entergy mississippi's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table.
debt to capital             51.2  %                   50.6  %
effect of subtracting cash  (0.8  %)                  (0.7  %)
net debt to net capital     50.4  %                   49.9  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, finance lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy mississippi uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy mississippi's financial condition. entergy mississippi uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy mississippi's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy mississippi's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. entergy mississippi seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy mississippi may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy mississippi may receive equity contributions to maintain its capital structure. 353 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis uses of capital entergy mississippi requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
following are the amounts of entergy mississippi's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $110    $285     $85
utility support                              145     130     135
following are the amounts of entergy mississippi's existing debt obligations and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
operating leases (b)                  $6           $9           $2            $2       $19
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  lease obligations are discussed in note 10 to the financial statements.
(c)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy mississippi, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which is discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy mississippi currently expects to contribute approximately $7.8 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $130 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2020, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020. see "
critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding. also, in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy mississippi has $59.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy mississippi includes amounts associated with specific investments such as the sunflower solar facility; 354 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; resource planning, including potential generation projects; system improvements; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy mississippi pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. sunflower solar facility in november 2018, entergy mississippi announced that it signed an agreement for the purchase of an approximately 100
mw to-be-constructed solar photovoltaic facility that will be sited on approximately 1,000 acres in sunflower county, mississippi. the estimated base purchase price is approximately $138.4 million. the estimated total investment, including the base purchase price and other related costs, for entergy mississippi to acquire the sunflower solar facility is approximately $153.2 million. the purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals, including full cost recovery, from applicable federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies. the project will be built by sunflower county solar project, llc, a sub-subsidiary of recurrent energy, llc. entergy mississippi will purchase the facility upon mechanical completion and after the other purchase contingencies have been met. in december 2018, entergy mississippi filed a joint petition with sunflower solar project at the mpsc for sunflower solar project to construct and for entergy mississippi to acquire and thereafter own, operate, improve, and maintain the solar facility. entergy mississippi proposed revisions to its formula rate plan that would provide for a mechanism, the interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism, in the formula rate plan to recover the non-fuel related costs of additional owned capacity acquired by entergy mississippi, including the annual ownership costs of the sunflower solar facility. in december 2019 the mpsc approved entergy mississippi's proposed revisions to its formula rate plan to provide for an interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism. the mpsc must approve recovery through the interim capacity rate adjustment for each new resource. in august 2019 consultants retained by the mississippi public utilities staff filed a report expressing concerns regarding the project economics and recommended that, should the mpsc wish to approve the project, entergy mississippi should be required to guarantee the energy output of the unit. entergy mississippi and the staff are engaged in settlement discussions to address these concerns. a hearing before the mpsc is targeted to occur by the second quarter of 2020. closing is expected to occur by the end of 2021. sources of capital entergy mississippi's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  capital contributions; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy mississippi may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable. all debt and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy mississippi require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. entergy mississippi has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs. 355 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis entergy mississippi's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. entergy mississippi has three separate credit facilities in the aggregate amount of $82.5 million scheduled to expire in may 2020. no borrowings were outstanding under the credit facilities as of december 31, 2019. in addition, entergy mississippi is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2019, $1.8 million of letters of credit were outstanding under entergy mississippi's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities. entergy mississippi obtained authorization from the ferc through november 2020 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $175 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings and security issuances. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy mississippi's short-
term borrowing limits. state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy mississippi charges for electricity significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
entergy mississippi is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the mpsc, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers. formula rate plan filings in march 2017, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2017 test year filing and 2016
look-back filing showing entergy mississippi's earned return for the historical 2016 calendar year and projected earned return for the 2017 calendar year to be within the formula rate plan bandwidth, resulting in no change in rates. in june 2017, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into a stipulation that confirmed that entergy mississippi's earned returns for both the 2016 look-back filing and 2017 test year were within the respective formula rate plan bandwidths. in june 2017 the mpsc approved the stipulation, which resulted in no change in rates. in march 2018, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2018 test year filing and
2017 look-back filing showing entergy mississippi's earned return for the historical 2017 calendar year and projected earned return for the 2018 calendar year, in large part as a result of the lower federal corporate income tax rate effective in 2018, to be within the formula rate plan bandwidth, resulting in no change in rates. in june
2018, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into a stipulation that confirmed that entergy mississippi's earned returns for both the 2017 look-back filing and 2018 test year were within the respective formula rate plan bandwidths. in june 2018 the mpsc approved the stipulation, which resulted in no change in rates. in october 2018, entergy mississippi proposed revisions to its formula rate plan that would provide for a mechanism in the formula rate plan, the interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism, to recover the non-fuel related costs of additional owned capacity acquired by entergy mississippi, including the non-fuel annual ownership costs of the choctaw generating station, as well as to allow similar cost recovery treatment for other future capacity acquisitions, such as the sunflower solar facility, that are approved by the mpsc. in december 2019
the mpsc approved entergy mississippi's proposed revisions to its formula rate plan to provide for an interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism, which entergy mississippi began billing in january 2020. the mpsc must approve recovery through the interim 356 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis capacity rate adjustment for each new resource. in addition, the mpsc approved revisions to the formula rate plan which allows entergy mississippi to begin billing rate adjustments effective april 1 of the filing year on a temporary basis subject to refund or credit to customers, subject to final mpsc order. the mpsc also authorized entergy mississippi to remove vegetation management costs from the formula rate plan and recover these costs through the establishment of a vegetation management rider. in march 2019, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2019 test year filing and 2018 look-back filing showing entergy mississippi's earned return for the historical 2018 calendar year to be above the formula rate plan bandwidth and projected earned return for the
2019 calendar year to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. the 2019 test year filing shows a $36.8 million rate increase is necessary to reset entergy mississippi's earned return on common equity to the specified point of adjustment of 6.94% return on rate base, within the formula rate plan bandwidth. the 2018 look-back filing compares actual 2018 results to the approved benchmark return on rate base and shows a $10.1 million interim decrease in formula rate plan revenues is necessary. in the fourth quarter 2018, entergy mississippi recorded a provision of
$9.3 million that reflected the estimate of the difference between the 2018 expected earned rate of return on rate base and an established performance-adjusted benchmark rate of return under the formula rate plan performance-
adjusted bandwidth mechanism. in the first quarter 2019, entergy mississippi recorded a $0.8 million increase in the provision to reflect the amount shown in the look-back filing. in june 2019, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into a joint stipulation that confirmed that the 2019 test year filing showed that a $32.8 million rate increase is necessary to reset entergy mississippi's earned return on common equity to the specified point of adjustment of 6.93% return on rate base, within the formula rate plan bandwidth.
additionally, pursuant to the joint stipulation, entergy mississippi's 2018 look-back filing reflected an earned return on rate base of 7.81% in calendar year 2018 which is above the look-back benchmark return on rate base of
7.13% , resulting in an $11 million decrease in formula rate plan revenues on an interim basis through may 2020. in the second quarter 2019, entergy mississippi recorded an additional $0.9 million increase in the provision to reflect the $11 million shown in the look-back filing. in june 2019 the mpsc approved the joint stipulation with rates effective for the first billing cycle of july 2019. internal restructuring in march 2018, entergy mississippi filed an application with the mpsc seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of entergy mississippi to a new entity, which would ultimately be held by an existing entergy subsidiary holding company. in september 2018, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into and filed a joint stipulation regarding the restructuring filing. in september 2018 the mpsc issued an order accepting the stipulation in its entirety and approving the restructuring and credits of $27 million to retail customers over six years, consisting of annual payments of $4.5
million for the years 2019-2024. entergy mississippi also received the required ferc approval. in november 2018, entergy mississippi undertook a multi-step restructuring, including the following:
  entergy mississippi, inc. redeemed its outstanding preferred stock, at the aggregate redemption price of approximately$21.2 million.
under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy mississippi, inc. allocated substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary, entergy mississippi power and light, llc, a texas limited liability
  company (entergy mississippi power and light), and entergy mississippi power and light assumed substantially all of the liabilities of entergy mississippi, inc., in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc.
  affiliate (entergy utility holding company, llc, a texas limited liability company and subsidiary of entergy corporation).  as a result of the contribution, entergy mississippi power and light is a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc.
357 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis in december 2018, entergy mississippi, inc. changed its name to entergy utility enterprises, inc., and entergy mississippi power and light then changed its name to entergy mississippi, llc. entergy mississippi, llc holds substantially all of the assets, and assumed substantially all of the liabilities, of entergy mississippi, inc. the restructuring was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control. in december 2018, entergy mississippi filed its notice of intent to implement the restructuring credit rider to allow entergy mississippi to return credits of
$27 million to retail customers over six years. in january 2019 the mpsc approved the proposed restructuring credit adjustment factor, which is effective for bills rendered beginning february 2019. advanced metering infrastructure
(ami) in november 2016, entergy mississippi filed an application seeking an order from the mpsc granting a certificate of public convenience and necessity and finding that entergy mississippi's deployment of ami is in the public interest. entergy mississippi proposed to replace existing meters with advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; to design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and to implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy mississippi's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $132 million and identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits. entergy mississippi proposed a 15-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which began in 2019. deployment of the communications network began in 2018.
entergy mississippi proposed to include the ami deployment costs and the quantified benefits in existing rate mechanisms, primarily through future formula rate plan filings and/or future energy cost recovery rider schedule re-determinations, as applicable. in may 2017 the mississippi public utilities staff and entergy mississippi entered into and filed a joint stipulation supporting entergy mississippi's filing, and the mpsc issued an order approving the filing without material changes, finding that entergy mississippi's deployment of ami is in the public interest and granting a certificate of public convenience and necessity. the mpsc order also confirmed that entergy mississippi shall continue to include in rate base the remaining book value of existing meters that will be retired as part of the ami deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. in june
2018, as part of the order approving the joint stipulation between the mississippi public utilities staff and entergy mississippi addressing entergy mississippi's 2018 formula rate plan evaluation report and the ratemaking effects of the tax act, the mpsc approved the acceleration of the recovery of substantially all of entergy mississippi's existing customer meters in anticipation of ami deployment. fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy mississippi's rate schedules include an energy cost recovery rider that is adjusted annually to reflect accumulated over- or under-recoveries. entergy mississippi's fuel cost recoveries are subject to annual audits conducted pursuant to the authority of the mpsc. in january 2017 the mpsc certified to the mississippi legislature the audit reports of its independent auditors for the fuel year ending september 30, 2016. in november 2017 the mississippi public utilities staff separately engaged a consultant to review the september 2016 outage at the grand gulf nuclear station and to review ongoing operations at grand gulf. this engagement continues, and subsequently, was expanded to include all outages at grand gulf that occurred through 2019. in november 2017, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an under-recovery of approximately $61.5 million as of september 30,
2017. in january 2018 the mpsc approved the proposed energy cost factors effective for february 2018 bills. 358
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis in november 2018, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an under-recovery of approximately $57 million as of september
30, 2018. in january 2019 the mpsc approved the proposed energy cost factor effective for february 2019 bills. in november 2019, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an over-recovery of approximately $39.6
million as of september 30, 2019. in january 2020 the mpsc approved the proposed energy cost factor effective for february 2020 bills. mississippi attorney general complaint the mississippi attorney general filed a complaint in state court in december 2008 against entergy corporation, entergy mississippi, entergy services, and entergy power alleging, among other things, violations of mississippi statutes, fraud, and breach of good faith and fair dealing, and requesting an accounting and restitution. the complaint is wide ranging and relates to tariffs and procedures under which entergy mississippi purchases power not generated in mississippi to meet electricity demand. entergy believes the complaint is unfounded. in december 2008 the defendant entergy companies removed the attorney general's lawsuit to u.s. district court in jackson, mississippi. in june 2010 the mpsc authorized the deferral of certain legal expenses associated with this litigation until it is resolved. as of december 31, 2019, entergy mississippi has a regulatory asset of $29.5 million for these deferred legal expenses. in april 2019 the district court remanded the attorney general's lawsuit to the hinds county chancery court. a hearing on procedural and dispositive motions was held in august 2019. in december 2019 the hinds county chancery court issued its ruling granting the motion for summary judgment filed by the entergy defendants. the chancery court found it lacked subject matter jurisdiction and that the claims fall under the purview of the ferc. in february 2020 the chancery court entered a final order dismissing all claims. the order was approved by counsel for the attorney general, and dismisses with prejudice all claims and matters in dispute and states that the plaintiff will not seek an appeal or further relief and that all matters in dispute have been resolved. storm cost recovery filings with retail regulators entergy mississippi has approval from the mpsc to collect a storm damage provision of $1.75 million per month. if entergy mississippi's accumulated storm damage provision balance exceeds $15 million , the collection of the storm damage provision ceases until such time that the accumulated storm damage provision becomes less than $10
million . as of july 31, 2017, the balance in entergy mississippi's accumulated storm damage provision was less than $10 million , therefore entergy mississippi resumed billing the monthly storm damage provision effective with september 2017 bills. as of june 30, 2018, entergy mississippi's storm damage provision balance exceeded $15
million . accordingly, the storm damage provision was reset to zero beginning with august 2018 bills. as of may 31,
2019, entergy mississippi's storm damage provision balance was less than $10 million. accordingly, entergy mississippi resumed billing the monthly storm damage provision effective with july 2019 bills. federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation. nuclear matters see the " nuclear matters " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters. 359 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis environmental risks entergy mississippi's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy mississippi is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in " regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated. critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy mississippi's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of entergy mississippi's financial position or results of operations. utility regulatory accounting see " utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation. impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy mississippi's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " in the "
critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate. 360 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020 qualified      impact on 2019 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $823                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $483                        $2,529
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020       impact on 2019 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                            $81                           $1,456
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant. costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for entergy mississippi in 2019 was $11.3 million. entergy mississippi anticipates 2020 qualified pension cost to be $17.4 million. entergy mississippi contributed $20.8 million to its qualified pension plans in 2019 and estimates 2020 pension contributions will be approximately $7.8 million, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020
valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020. total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy mississippi in 2019 was $2.1 million. entergy mississippi expects 2020 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $3.1 thousand. entergy mississippi contributed $228
thousand. other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks. new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 361 table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the member and board of directors of entergy mississippi, llc opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of entergy mississippi, llc (the "company") as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the related statements of income, cash flows and changes in member's equity (pages 363 through 368 and applicable items in pages 49
through 236), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob. we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 21, 2020 we have served as the company's auditor since 2001. 362 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc income statements for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $1,323,043       $1,335,112       $1,198,229
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance taxes other than                                                   105,318          101,999           95,051
operating income                                                   203,754           46,446          223,816
common equity see notes to financial statements.
363 table of contents (page left blank intentionally) 364 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                            $119,925       $126,078       $110,032
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
other working capital                                                   (5,557  )      (9,902  )       5,115
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                         -              -       (452,429  )
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           339,952        418,382        226,585
construction changes in money pool                                                   (3,313  )     (39,747  )       8,962
receivable - net payment for purchase of                                               (305,472  )           -         (6,958  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                  437,153         54,449        148,185
debt retirement of long-term                                               (150,000  )           -              -
debt redemption of preferred                                                      -        (21,208  )           -
stock capital contributions                                                  130,000              -              -
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $51,601        $36,954         $6,096
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                      $60,533        $56,037        $47,631
amount capitalized income taxes                                                          ($12,204  )    ($19,118  )    ($25,043  )
see notes to financial statements.
365 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc balance sheets assets december 31,
customer                                                                     92,050           73,205
see notes to financial statements.
366 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
customer deposits                                                           85,938        85,085
see notes to financial statements.
367 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc statements of changes in member's equity for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017
capital contribution from parent                                                                   130,000
see notes to financial statements.
368 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc selected financial data - five-year comparison
-in thousands operating                                    $1,323,043    $1,335,112    $1,198,229    $1,094,649    $1,396,985
(excluding currently maturing debt), non-current capital lease obligations, and preferred stock without sinking fund.
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
369 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management ' s financial discussion and analysis results of operations 2019 compared to 2018 net income net income decreased $0.5 million primarily due to lower retail electric price and a higher effective income tax rate, substantially offset by higher other income and lower other operation and maintenance expenses. operating revenues following is an analysis of the change in operating revenues comparing 2019 to 2018.
2018 operating revenues                                    $717.4
return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred             9.9
income taxes to customers
2019 operating revenues                                    $686.2
entergy new orleans's results include revenues from rate mechanisms designed to recover fuel, purchased power, and other costs such that the revenues and expenses associated with these items generally offset and do not affect net income. "fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not significantly affect net income" includes the revenue variance associated with these items. the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a provision for rate refund recorded in fourth quarter 2019 as a result of the 2018 combined rate case resolution approved by the city council.
see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case resolution. the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase in usage during the unbilled sales period. the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers variance is due to a decrease in the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through the fuel adjustment clause. in 2019, $2.1 million was returned to customers as compared to $12 million in 2018. there is no effect on net income as the reduction in operating revenues in each period is offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. other income statement variances other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
a decrease of $9.2 million as a result of the deferral in 2019 of 2018 costs related to the rate case and a
  system conversion for algiers customers as a result of the 2018 combined rate case resolution approved by the city
370 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis council. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case resolution; and
  a decrease of $2.9 million in distribution expenses primarily due to lower contract labor costs.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  an increase of $2.9 million in spending on initiatives to explore new customer products and services;
  an increase of $2.8 million in information technology costs primarily due to higher software maintenance costs and higher contract costs;
  an increase of $2 million in customer service costs primarily due to higher labor costs, including contract labor; and
  an increase of $1.8 million in energy efficiency costs.
  an increase in allowance for equity funds used during construction resulting from higher construction work in progress in 2019, including the new orleans power station project; and the accrual in fourth quarter 2018 of a $5 million settlement offer in the new orleans power station show
  cause proceeding.  see "liquidity and capital resources- uses of capital-new orleans power station" below for discussion of the new orleans power station proceedings.
the effective income tax rates were 0.4% for 2019 and (4.8%) for 2018. the differences in the effective income tax rates versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2019 and 2018 were primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the effective income tax rates. 2018 compared to 2017 see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in entergy new orleans's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017. income tax legislation see the " income tax legislation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017,
2018, and 2019 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act. 371 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                            115,604        171,778        127,797
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of              $6,017        $19,677        $32,741
2019 compared to 2018 operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $56.2 million in 2019 primarily due to a decrease of $34.5 million in 2019 of income tax refunds and the timing of collection of receivables from customers. entergy new orleans had income tax refunds in 2019 and 2018 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax refunds resulted from the utilization of entergy new orleans's net operating loss. investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $3.3
million in 2019 primarily due to money pool activity. the decrease was substantially offset by:
an increase of $15.6 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of
  work performed in 2019 as compared to 2018, including investment in entergy new orleans's system reliability and infrastructure; and an increase of $10.7 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to investment in the
  reliability and infrastructure of entergy new orleans's distribution system, including increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure.
decreases in entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool decreased by $16.8 million in 2019 compared to increasing by $9.3 million in 2018. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings. financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities increased
2019 in anticipation of planned capital investments; and
372 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
  net borrowings of $20 million in 2019 on entergy new orleans's credit facility.
the increase was partially offset by the issuance of $60 million of 4.51% series mortgage bonds in september 2018.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt. 2018 compared to 2017 see " management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in entergy new orleans's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2018 compared to 2017. capital structure entergy new orleans's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to the issuance of long-term debt in 2019.
debt to capital                           53.1  %                   52.1  %
effect of excluding securitization bonds  (2.4  %)                  (3.5  %)
debt to capital, excluding                50.7  %                   48.6  %
effect of subtracting cash                (0.3  %)                  (1.2  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding        50.4  %                   47.4  %
(a) calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy new orleans. net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, finance lease obligations, long-
capital consists of debt and equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy new orleans uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy new orleans's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy new orleans, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy new orleans also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy new orleans's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy new orleans's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. entergy new orleans seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy new orleans may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy new orleans may receive equity contributions to maintain its capital structure. 373 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis uses of capital entergy new orleans requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs;
following are the amounts of entergy new orleans's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                   $70     $15     $15
utility support                               65      40      70
following are the amounts of entergy new orleans's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
operating leases (b)                  $1           $2           $1            $-        $4
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  lease obligations are discussed in note 10 to the financial statements.
(c)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy new orleans, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which is discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy new orleans currently expects to contribute approximately $3.2 million to its qualified pension plan and approximately $162 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2020, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020. see "
critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding. also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy new orleans has $271.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy new orleans includes specific investments such as the new orleans power station and new orleans solar 374 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis station; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; system improvements; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements. as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy new orleans pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. new orleans power station in march 2018
the city council adopted a resolution approving construction of the new orleans power station, a 128 mw unit composed of natural gas-fired reciprocating engines, and a related cost recovery plan. the cost estimate for the plant, which will be located at the site of the michoud generating facility that was retired in may 2016, is $210
several intervenors filed testimony opposing the construction of the new orleans power station on various grounds.
in july 2017, entergy new orleans submitted a supplemental and amending application to the city council seeking approval to construct either the originally proposed 226 mw advanced combustion turbine power station, or alternatively, the 128 mw power station. in addition, the application renewed the commitment to pursue up to 100 mw of renewable resources to serve new orleans. in april 2018 intervenors opposing the construction of the new orleans power station filed with the city council a request for rehearing, which was subsequently denied, and a petition for judicial review of the city council's decision, and also filed a lawsuit challenging the city council's approval based on louisiana's open meeting law. in may 2018 the city council announced that it would initiate an investigation into allegations that entergy new orleans, entergy, or some other entity paid or participated in paying certain attendees and speakers in support of the new orleans power station to attend or speak at certain meetings organized by the city council. in october 2018 investigators for the city council released their report, concluding that individuals were paid to attend or speak in support of the new orleans power station and that entergy new orleans "knew or should have known that such conduct occurred or reasonably might occur." the city council issued a resolution requiring entergy new orleans to show cause why it should not be fined $5 million as a result of the findings in the report. in november 2018, entergy new orleans submitted its response to the show cause resolution, disagreeing with certain characterizations and omissions of fact in the report and asserting that the city council could not legally impose the proposed fine. simultaneous with the filing of its response to the show cause resolution, entergy new orleans sent a letter to the city council re-asserting that the city council's imposition of the proposed fine would be unlawful, but acknowledging that the actions of a subcontractor, which was retained by an entergy new orleans contractor without the knowledge or contractually-required consent of entergy new orleans, were contrary to entergy's values. in that letter, entergy new orleans offered to donate $5 million to the city council to resolve the show cause proceeding. in january 2019, entergy new orleans submitted a new settlement proposal to the city council. the proposal retains the components of the first offer but adds to it a commitment to make reasonable efforts to limit the costs of the project to the $210 million cost estimate with advanced notification of anticipated cost overruns, additional reporting requirements for cost and environmental items, and a commitment regarding reliability investment and to work with the new orleans sewerage and water board to provide a reliable source of power. in february 2019 the city council approved a resolution approving the settlement proposal and allowing the construction of the new orleans power station to commence. also in february
2019 certain intervenors in the city council proceeding on the new orleans power station filed suit in louisiana state court challenging the louisiana department of environmental quality's issuance of the new orleans power station's air permit. entergy new orleans intervened in that lawsuit and, along with the louisiana 375 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis department of environmental quality, filed exceptions seeking dismissal of the lawsuit. in june 2019 the state court judge sustained the exceptions and dismissed the plaintiffs' petition with prejudice. also in june 2019, a state court judge in new orleans affirmed the city council's approval of the new orleans power station and dismissed the petition for judicial review that had been filed in april 2018. the petitioners have filed an appeal of that ruling. also in june 2019, with regard to the lawsuit challenging the city council's decision on the basis of a violation of the open meetings law, the same state court judge in new orleans ruled that there was a violation of the open meetings law at the february 2018 meeting of the city council's utility committee at which that committee considered the new orleans power station approval, and further ruled that, although there was no violation of the open meetings law at the march 2018 full city council meeting at which the new orleans power station was approved, both the approval of the utility committee and the approval of the full city council were void. the city council and entergy new orleans each filed a suspensive appeal of the open meetings law ruling. a suspensive appeal suspends the effect of the judgment in the open meetings law proceeding while the appeal is being taken. the petitioners sought in the state appellate court, and then at the louisiana supreme court, to terminate the suspension of the effect of the judgment, but both courts declined to do so. appellate briefing on the merits both in the open meetings law appeal and in the judicial review appeal occurred in november and december 2019 and oral argument in both cases was heard in january 2020. in february 2020 the state appellate court reversed the lower court's ruling that the city council's approval of the new orleans power station was void due to a violation of the open meetings law at the city council's utility committee meeting in february 2018. the state appellate court ruled that there was no violation of the open meetings law at the full city council meeting in march 2018 and that the lower court erred in voiding the city council resolution approving the new orleans power station. the appellate court's decision on the appeal of the judicial review decision that affirmed the city council's approval of the new orleans power station as in the public interest is still pending. construction of the plant is on schedule, with commercial operation expected in mid-2020. gas infrastructure rebuild plan in september 2016, entergy new orleans submitted to the city council a request for authorization for entergy new orleans to proceed with annual incremental capital funding of $12.5 million for its gas infrastructure rebuild plan, which would replace all of entergy new orleans's low pressure cast iron, steel, and vintage plastic pipe over a ten-year period commencing in
2017. entergy new orleans also proposed that recovery of the investment to fund its gas infrastructure replacement plan be determined in connection with its next base rate case. the city council authorized entergy new orleans to proceed with its replacement plans and established a schedule for proceedings in advance of the rate case intended to provide an opportunity for evaluation of the gas infrastructure plan that would best serve the public interest and the effect on customers of the approval of any such plan. in the course of that proceeding, the city council's advisors submitted pre-filed testimony recommending that entergy new orleans be allowed to continue with its condition-based approach to gas pipeline replacement to replace approximately 238 miles of low pressure pipe at a rate of approximately 25 miles per year. the city council's advisors also recommended that entergy new orleans be required to adhere to certain reporting requirements and recognized the need to address the sustained level of investment in gas infrastructure on customer bills. in september 2017, entergy new orleans filed rebuttal testimony suggesting that its recovery of future investment and customer effects would be addressed in the rate case that entergy new orleans was required to file in july 2018. the procedural schedule was suspended in order to allow for resolution in the rate case proceeding. as a result of the rate case, the city council approved the planned gas rebuild expenditures through 2019, but rejected entergy new orleans's proposed gas infrastructure rider. entergy new orleans is required to submit a gas infrastructure rebuild plan to the city council in march 2020 and to convene a working group to explore appropriate cost mitigation measures. renewables in july 2018, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council requesting approval of three utility-scale solar projects totaling 90 mw. if approved, the resource additions will allow entergy new orleans to make significant progress towards meeting its voluntary commitment to the city council to add up to 100 mw of renewable energy resources. the three projects include constructing a self-build solar plant in orleans parish with an 376 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis output of 20 mw, acquiring a 50 mw solar facility in washington parish through a build-own-transfer acquisition, and procuring 20 mw of solar power from a project to be built in st. james parish through a power purchase agreement. in december 2018 the city council advisors requested that entergy new orleans pursue alternative deal structures for the washington parish project and attempt to reduce costs for the 20 mw new orleans solar station. as a result of settlement discussions, in march 2019, entergy new orleans revised its application to convert the build-own transfer acquisition of the 50
mw facility in washington parish to a power purchase agreement. in june 2019 the parties to the proceeding executed a stipulated settlement term sheet, which recommends that the city council approve entergy new orleans's revised application as to all three projects. in july 2019 the city council approved the stipulated settlement. sources of capital entergy new orleans's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  capital contributions; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy new orleans may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable. all debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy new orleans require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements. entergy new orleans has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs. entergy new orleans's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december
31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. entergy new orleans has a credit facility in the amount of $25 million scheduled to expire in november 2021. the credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $10 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2019, there were $20 million of cash borrowings and a $0.8 million letter of credit outstanding under the facility. in addition, entergy new orleans is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2019, a $5.6 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy new orleans's letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities. entergy new orleans obtained authorization from the ferc through october 2021 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $150 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings and securities issuances. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy new orleans's short-term borrowing limits. the long-term securities issuances of entergy new orleans are limited to amounts authorized not only by the ferc, but also by the city council, and the current city council authorization extends through october 2021. 377 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis state and local rate regulation the rates that entergy new orleans charges for electricity and natural gas significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy new orleans is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the city council, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers. retail rates as a provision of the settlement agreement approved by the city council in may 2015
providing for the transfer from entergy louisiana to entergy new orleans of certain assets that supported the provision of service to entergy louisiana's customers in algiers, it was agreed that, with limited exceptions, no action may be taken with respect to entergy new orleans's base rates until rates are implemented from a base rate case that must be filed for its electric and gas operations in 2018. this provision eliminated the formula rate plan applicable to algiers operations. the limited exceptions included continued implementation of the then-
remaining two years of the four-year phased-in rate increase for the algiers area and certain exceptional cost increases or decreases in the base revenue requirement. an additional provision of the settlement agreement allowed for continued recovery of the revenue requirement associated with the capacity and energy from ninemile 6 received by entergy new orleans under a power purchase agreement with entergy louisiana (algiers ppa). the settlement authorized entergy new orleans to recover the remaining revenue requirement related to the algiers ppa through base rates charged to algiers customers. the settlement also provided for continued implementation of the algiers miso recovery rider. a 2008 rate case settlement included $3.1 million per year in electric rates to fund the energy smart energy efficiency programs. the rate settlement provided an incentive for entergy new orleans to meet or exceed energy savings targets set by the city council and provided a mechanism for entergy new orleans to recover lost contribution to fixed costs associated with the energy savings generated from the energy efficiency programs.
using the remainder of the approximately $12.8 million of 2014 rough production cost equalization funds, with any remaining costs being recovered through the fuel adjustment clause. this funding methodology was modified in november 2015 when the city council directed entergy new orleans to use a combination of guaranteed customer savings related to a prior agreement with the city council and rough production cost equalization funds to cover program costs prior to recovering any costs through the fuel adjustment clause. in april 2017 the city council approved an implementation plan for the energy smart program from april 2017 through december 2019. the city council directed that the $11.8 million balance reported for energy smart funds be used to continue funding the program for entergy new orleans's legacy customers and that the energy smart algiers program continue to be funded through the algiers fuel adjustment clause, until additional customer funding is required for the legacy customers.
in september 2017, entergy new orleans filed a supplemental plan and proposed several options for an interim cost recovery mechanism necessary to recover program costs during the period between when existing funds directed to energy smart programs are depleted and when new rates from the 2018 combined rate case, which includes a cost recovery mechanism for energy smart funding, take effect. in december 2017 the city council approved an energy efficiency cost recovery rider as an interim funding mechanism for energy smart, subject to verification that no additional funding sources exist. in june 2018 the city council also approved a resolution recommending that entergy new orleans allocate approximately $13.5 million of benefits resulting from the tax act to energy smart. in december 2019, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking approval of an implementation plan for the energy smart program from april 2020 through december 2022. entergy new orleans proposed to recover the costs of the program through mechanisms previously approved by the city council or through the energy efficiency cost recovery rider, which was approved in the 2018 combined rate case resolution. in january 2020 the city council's advisors recommended that the city council allow entergy new orleans to earn a utility performance incentive of 7% of energy smart costs for each year in which entergy new orleans achieves 100% of the city council's savings targets for energy smart. the city council is expected to decide on the matter in february 2020.
378 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in september 2018, entergy new orleans filed an electric and gas base rate case with the city council. the filing requested a 10.5% return on equity for electric operations with opportunity to earn a 10.75% return on equity through a performance adder provision of the electric formula rate plan in subsequent years under a formula rate plan and requested a 10.75% return on equity for gas operations. the proposed electric rates in the revised filing reflect a net reduction of $20.3 million. the reduction in electric rates includes a base rate increase of $135.2
million, of which $131.5 million is associated with moving costs currently collected through fuel and other riders into base rates, plus a request for an advanced metering surcharge to recover $7.1 million associated with advanced metering infrastructure, offset by a net decrease of $31.1 million related to fuel and other riders. the filing also included a proposed gas rate decrease of $142 thousand. entergy new orleans's rates reflected the inclusion of federal income tax reductions due to the tax act and the provisions of a previously-approved agreement in principle determining how the benefits of the tax act would flow. entergy new orleans included cost of service studies for electric and gas operations for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 and the projected twelve months ending december 31, 2018. in addition, entergy new orleans included capital additions expected to be placed into service for the period through december 31, 2019. entergy new orleans based its request for a change in rates on the projected twelve months ending december 31, 2018. the filing's major provisions included: (1) a new electric rate structure, which realigns the revenue requirement associated with capacity and long-term service agreement expense from certain existing riders to base revenue, provides for the recovery of the cost of advanced metering infrastructure, and partially blends rates for entergy new orleans's customers residing in algiers with customers residing in the remainder of orleans parish through a three-year phase-in; (2) contemporaneous cost recovery riders for investments in energy efficiency/demand response, incremental changes in capacity/long-term service agreement costs, grid modernization investment, and gas infrastructure replacement investment; and (3) formula rate plans for both electric and gas operations. in february 2019 the city council's advisors and several intervenors filed testimony in response to entergy new orleans's application. the city council's advisors recommended, among other things, overall rate reductions of approximately $33 million in electric rates and $3.8 million in gas rates.
certain intervenors recommended overall rate reductions of up to approximately $49 million in electric rates and $5
million in gas rates. an evidentiary hearing was held in june 2019, and the record and post-hearing briefs were submitted in july 2019. in october 2019 the city council's utility committee approved a resolution for a change in electric and gas rates for consideration by the full city council that included a 9.35% return on common equity, an equity ratio of the lesser of 50% or entergy new orleans's actual equity ratio, and a total reduction in revenues that entergy new orleans initially estimated to be approximately $39 million ($36 million electric; $3 million gas). at its november 7, 2019 meeting, the full city council approved the resolution that had previously been approved by the city council's utility committee. based on the approved resolution, in the fourth quarter 2019
entergy new orleans recorded an accrual of $10 million that reflects the estimate of the revenue billed in 2019 to be refunded to customers in 2020 based on an august 2019 effective date for the rate decrease. entergy new orleans also recorded a total of $12 million in regulatory assets for rate case costs and information technology costs associated with integrating algiers customers with entergy new orleans's legacy system and records. entergy new orleans also transferred $10 million of retired general plant costs to a regulatory asset to be recovered over a
20-year period. the resolution directed entergy new orleans to submit a compliance filing within 30 days of the date of the resolution to facilitate the eventual implementation of rates, including all necessary calculations and conforming rate schedules and riders. the electric formula rate plan rider includes, among other things, 1) a provision for forward-looking adjustments to include known and measurable changes realized up to 12 months after the evaluation period; 2) a decoupling mechanism; and 3) recognition that entergy new orleans is authorized to make an in-service adjustment to the formula rate plan to include the non-fuel cost of the new orleans power station in rates, unless the two pending appeals in the new orleans power station proceeding have not concluded. under this circumstance, entergy new orleans shall be permitted to defer the new orleans power station non-fuel costs, including the cost of capital, until entergy new orleans commences non-fuel cost recovery. after taking into account the requirements for submission of the compliance filing, the total annual revenue requirement reduction required by the resolution was refined to approximately $45 million ($42 million electric, including $29 million in rider reductions; $3 million gas). in january 379 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis 2020 the city council's advisors found that the rates calculated by entergy new orleans and reflected in the december 2019 compliance filing should be implemented, except with respect to the city council-approved energy efficiency cost recovery rider, which rider calculation should take into account events to be determined by the city council in the future. also in response to the resolution, entergy new orleans filed timely a petition for appeal and judicial review and for stay of or injunctive relief alleging that the resolution is unlawful in failing to produce just and reasonable rates. based on the general acceptance of entergy new orleans's compliance filing, however, during the pendency of its appeal entergy new orleans expects to implement the compliance filing rates in april 2020. a hearing on the requested injunction was scheduled in civil district court for february 2020, but by joint motion of the city council and entergy new orleans, the civil district court issued an order for a limited remand to the city council to consider a potential agreement in principle/stipulation at its february 20, 2020 meeting. on february 17, 2020, entergy new orleans filed with the city council an agreement in principle between entergy new orleans and the city council's advisors. on february 20,
2020, the full city council voted to approve the proposed agreement in principle and issued a resolution modifying the required treatment of certain accumulated deferred income taxes. as a result of the agreement in principle, the total annual revenue requirement reduction will be approximately $45 million ( $42 million electric, including $29
million in rider reductions; and $3 million gas). as a result, entergy new orleans will fully implement new rates by april 2020. the merits of the appeal will be subject to a separate procedural schedule issued by the civil district court. advanced metering infrastructure (ami) in october 2016, entergy new orleans filed an application seeking a finding from the city council that entergy new orleans's deployment of advanced electric and gas metering infrastructure is in the public interest. entergy new orleans proposed to deploy advanced meters that enable two-
way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy new orleans's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $75 million and identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits. entergy new orleans proposed a 15-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters. deployment of the information technology infrastructure began in 2017 and deployment of the communications network began in 2018. entergy new orleans proposed to recover the cost of ami through the implementation of a customer charge, net of certain benefits, phased in over the period 2019 through 2022. the city council's advisors filed testimony in may 2017 recommending the adoption of ami subject to certain modifications, including the denial of entergy new orleans's proposed customer charge as a cost recovery mechanism. in january 2018 a settlement was reached between the city council's advisors and entergy new orleans. in february 2018 the city council approved the settlement, which deferred cost recovery to the 2018 entergy new orleans rate case, but also stated that an adjustment for 2018-2019 ami costs can be filed in the rate case and that, for all subsequent ami costs, the mechanism to be approved in the 2018 rate case will allow for the timely recovery of such costs. in april 2018 the city council adopted a resolution directing entergy new orleans to explore the options for accelerating the deployment of ami. in june 2018 the city council approved a one-year acceleration of ami in its service area for an incremental $4.4 million . entergy new orleans began deployment of ami during the first quarter of 2019 and expects to complete deployment by the end of 2020. entergy new orleans will recover the undepreciated balance of its existing meters through a regulatory asset to be amortized on a straight-line basis over 12 years, as approved by the city council. internal restructuring in july 2016, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of entergy new orleans, inc. to a new entity, which would ultimately be owned by an existing entergy subsidiary holding company. in may 2017 the city council adopted a resolution approving the proposed internal restructuring pursuant to an agreement in principle with the city council advisors and certain intervenors. pursuant to the agreement in principle, entergy new orleans would credit retail customers $10 million in 2017, $1.4 million in the first quarter of the year after the transaction closes, and $117,500 each month in the second year after the transaction closes until such time as new base rates go into effect as a result of the then-
anticipated 2018 base rate case. entergy new orleans began crediting retail customers 380 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in june 2017. in june 2017 the ferc approved the transaction and, pursuant to the agreement in principle, entergy new orleans will provide additional credits to retail customers of $5 million in each of the years 2018, 2019, and 2020. in november 2017, entergy new orleans undertook a multi-step restructuring, including the following:
  entergy new orleans, inc. redeemed its outstanding preferred stock at a price of approximately$21 million, which included a call premium of approximately$819,000, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends.
under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy new orleans, inc. allocated substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary, entergy new orleans power, llc, a texas limited liability company
  (entergy new orleans power), and entergy new orleans power assumed substantially all of the liabilities of entergy new orleans, inc. in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc.  entergy new orleans, inc.
  (entergy utility holding company, llc, a texas limited liability company and subsidiary of entergy corporation).  as a result of the contribution, entergy new orleans power is a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc.
in december 2017, entergy new orleans, inc. changed its name to entergy utility group, inc., and entergy new orleans power then changed its name to entergy new orleans, llc. entergy new orleans, llc holds substantially all of the assets, and has assumed substantially all of the liabilities, of entergy new orleans, inc. the restructuring was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control. fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy new orleans's electric rate schedules include a fuel adjustment tariff designed to reflect no more than targeted fuel and purchased power costs, adjusted by a surcharge or credit for deferred fuel expense arising from the monthly reconciliation of actual fuel and purchased power costs incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers, including carrying charges. entergy new orleans's gas rate schedules include a purchased gas adjustment to reflect estimated gas costs for the billing month, adjusted by a surcharge or credit similar to that included in the electric fuel adjustment clause, including carrying charges. show cause order in july 2016 the city council approved the issuance of a show cause order, which directed entergy new orleans to make a filing on or before september 29, 2016 to demonstrate the reasonableness of its actions or positions with regard to certain issues in four existing dockets that relate to entergy new orleans's: (i) storm hardening proposal; (ii) 2015 integrated resource plan; (iii) gas infrastructure rebuild proposal; and (iv) proposed sizing of the new orleans power station and its community outreach prior to the filing. in september 2016, entergy new orleans filed its response to the city council's show cause order. the city council has not established any further procedural schedule with regard to this proceeding. 381 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis reliability investigation in august 2017 the city council established a docket to investigate the reliability of the entergy new orleans distribution system and to consider implementing certain reliability standards and possible financial penalties for not meeting any such standards. in april 2018 the city council adopted a resolution directing entergy new orleans to demonstrate that it has been prudent in the management and maintenance of the reliability of its distribution system. the resolution also called for entergy new orleans to file a revised reliability plan addressing the current state of its distribution system and proposing remedial measures for increasing reliability. in june 2018, entergy new orleans filed its response to the city council's resolution regarding the prudence of its management and maintenance of the reliability of its distribution system. in july 2018, entergy new orleans filed its revised reliability plan discussing the various reliability programs that it uses to improve distribution system reliability and discussing generally the positive effect that advanced meter deployment and grid modernization can have on future reliability. entergy new orleans has retained a national consulting firm with expertise in distribution system reliability to conduct a review of entergy new orleans's distribution system reliability-related practices and procedures and to provide recommendations for improving distribution system reliability. the report was filed with the city council in october 2018. the city council also approved a resolution that opens a prudence investigation into whether entergy new orleans was imprudent for not acting sooner to address outages in new orleans and whether fines should be imposed. in january 2019, entergy new orleans filed testimony in response to the prudence investigation and asserting that it had been prudent in managing system reliability. in april 2019 the city council advisors filed comments and testimony asserting that entergy new orleans did not act prudently in maintaining and improving its distribution system reliability in recent years and recommending that a financial penalty in the range of $1.5
million to $2 million should be assessed. entergy new orleans disagrees with the recommendation and submitted rebuttal testimony and rebuttal comments in june 2019. in november 2019 the city council passed a resolution that penalized entergy new orleans $1 million for alleged imprudence in the maintenance of its distribution system. in december 2019, entergy new orleans filed suit in louisiana state court seeking judicial review of the city council's resolution. renewable portfolio standard rulemaking in march 2019 the city council initiated a rulemaking proceeding to consider whether to establish a renewable portfolio standard. the rulemaking will consider, among other issues, whether to adopt a renewable portfolio standard, whether such standard should be voluntary or mandatory, what kinds of technologies should qualify for inclusion in the rules, what level, if any, of renewable generation should be required, and whether penalties are an appropriate component of the proposed rules. parties to the proceeding submitted initial comments in june 2019 and reply comments in july 2019. entergy new orleans recommends that the city council adopt a voluntary clean energy standard of 70% of generation being clean energy by
2030, as so defined, which, in addition to renewable generation, would include nuclear, beneficial electrification, and demand-side management as compliant technologies. several other industry leaders, academic researchers, and environmental advocates filed comments also supporting a clean energy standard. other parties, including many representatives of the solar and wind industry, are recommending mandatory, renewables-only requirements of up to
100% renewable resources by 2040. in september 2019 the city council advisors issued a report and recommendations, which also put forth three alternative rules for comment from the parties. comments were submitted in october 2019
and replies were filed in november 2019. further city council action, including the establishment of additional procedural steps for the rulemaking, is expected in the first quarter of 2020. federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation. 382 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis nuclear matters see the " nuclear matters " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters. environmental risks entergy new orleans's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy new orleans is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in " regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated. critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy new orleans's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of entergy new orleans's financial position or results of operations. utility regulatory accounting see " utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation. impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy new orleans's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " in the "
critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate. 383 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020 qualified      impact on 2019 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $376                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $209                        $1,118
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020       impact on 2019 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                            $97                             $665
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant. costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for entergy new orleans in 2019 was $5.1 million. entergy new orleans anticipates 2020 qualified pension cost to be $6 million. entergy new orleans contributed $4.6 million to its qualified pension plans in 2019 and estimates 2020 pension contributions will be approximately $3.2 million, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020
valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020. total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy new orleans in 2019 was $3.5 million. entergy new orleans expects 2020 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $4.3 million. entergy new orleans contributed $1.7
thousand. other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks. new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 384 table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the member and board of directors of entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries (the "company") as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and changes in member's equity (pages 386 through 390 and applicable items in pages 49 through 236), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits.
we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states)
(pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 21, 2020 we have served as the company's auditor since 2001. 385 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                              $594,417       $624,733       $631,744
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance taxes other than income                                                 55,270         56,141         54,590
operating income                                                        68,685         74,192         96,409
common equity see notes to financial statements.
386 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                             $52,629        $53,152        $44,553
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
other working capital                                                    5,021          4,146         (2,711  )
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                         -              -       (111,170  )
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           115,604        171,778        127,797
construction changes in money pool                                                   16,825         (9,293  )       1,492
account changes in                                                                 236           (770  )         283
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                  113,876         59,234              -
debt retirement of long-term                                                (35,376  )     (11,042  )     (10,600  )
debt repayment of long-term payable due to                                                          (1,979  )      (2,077  )      (2,104  )
associated company redemption of preferred                                                      -              -        (20,599  )
stock capital contributions                                                        -              -         20,000
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                   $6,017        $19,677        $32,741
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                      $22,873        $19,840        $20,180
amount capitalized income taxes                                                           ($5,310  )    ($39,781  )     ($8,660  )
see notes to financial statements.
387 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
securitization recovery trust                                                         1,989            2,224
customer                                                                             48,265           43,890
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $49,542
as of                                                                               259,363          229,796
december 31, 2019 and $60,453 as of december 31, 2018)
see notes to financial statements.
388 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
customer deposits                                                                          28,493        28,667
current portion of unprotected excess                                                       9,470        25,301
long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $52,641 as of december 31,                                                       521,539       467,358
and $63,620 as of december 31, 2018)
see notes to financial statements.
389 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in member's equity for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017
capital contributions from parent                                                                   20,000
see notes to financial statements.
390 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data - five-year comparison
-in thousands operating                                      $686,223      $717,390      $716,070      $665,463      $671,446
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
391 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations 2019 compared to 2018 net income net income decreased $2.8 million primarily due to a higher effective income tax rate, after excluding the effect of the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes which is offset in operating revenues, higher depreciation and amortization expenses and higher other operation and maintenance expenses, partially offset by higher retail electric price and higher other income.
operating revenues following is an analysis of the change in operating revenue comparing 2019 to 2018.
2018 operating revenues                                  $1,605.9
significantly affect net income return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred           (72.8  )
income taxes to customers retail electric price                                        41.0
2019 operating revenues                                  $1,489.0
entergy texas's results include revenues from rate mechanisms designed to recover fuel, purchased power, and other costs such that the revenues and expenses associated with these items generally offset and do not affect net income. "fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not significantly affect net income" includes the revenue variance associated with these items. the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through a rider effective october
2018. in 2019, $87.4 million was returned to customers as compared to $14.6 million in 2018. there is no effect on net income as the reduction in operating revenues is offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a base rate increase effective october 2018 as approved by the puct.
see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case. the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase in usage during the unbilled sales period. other income statement variances other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
  an increase of $5.1 million in information technology costs primarily due to higher costs related to applications
392 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and infrastructure support, enhanced cyber security, and upgrades and maintenance;
  an increase of $4.7 million in spending on initiatives to explore new customer products and services;
  an increase of $3.9 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to a higher scope of work performed during plant outages in 2019 as compared to 2018; and
  an increase of $3.4 million in distribution operations and asset management costs primarily due to higher contract costs for meter reading services and higher advanced metering customer education costs.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily as a result of new depreciation rates established in the settlement of the 2018 base rate case and additions to plant in service. other regulatory charges (credits) include regulatory charges of $25.4 million recorded in 2018 to reflect the effects of a provision in the settlement reached in the 2018 rate case proceeding to return the benefits of the lower federal income tax rate in 2018 to customers. see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the rate case proceeding. other income increased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2019, including the montgomery county power station project. interest expense decreased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for borrowed funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2019, including the montgomery county power station project. the effective income tax rates were (51.1%) for 2019 and (19.3%) for 2018. the difference in the effective income tax rate of (51.1%)
versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2019 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. the difference in the effective income tax rate of (19.3%) versus the federal statutory rate of 21%
for 2018 was primarily due to the flow through and amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes, along with the effect on income tax expense of the resolution of entergy texas's 2018 base rate proceeding. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the effective income tax rates. 2018 compared to 2017 see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in entergy texas's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017. income tax legislation see the " income tax legislation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017, 2018, and 2019 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act. 393
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              286,739        331,753        301,396
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $12,929            $56       $115,513
2019 compared to 2018 operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $45 million in
2019 primarily due to the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers and the receipt of $33.2 million in 2018 from entergy arkansas as a result of a compliance filing made in response to the ferc's october 2018 order in the entergy arkansas opportunity sales proceeding. the decrease was partially offset by the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs and the timing of collection of receivables from customers. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding and regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $482.3 million in 2019 primarily due to:
  an increase of $243.3 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on the montgomery county power station;
  an increase of $153.4 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2019 as compared to 2018;
an increase of $47.1 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to investment in the
  reliability and infrastructure of entergy texas's distribution system, including increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure, and increased storm spending; and
increases in entergy texas's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy texas's receivable from the money pool increased by $11.2 million in 2019 compared to decreasing $44.9 million in 2018. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings. financing activities entergy texas's financing activities provided $604.4 million of cash in 2019
compared to using $51.2 million of cash in 2018 primarily due to: 394 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
  the issuance of $300 million of 4.0% series mortgage bonds and $400 million of 4.5% series mortgage bonds in january 2019;
  the issuance of $300 million of 3.55% series mortgage bonds in september 2019;
  capital contributions of $185 million in 2019 received from entergy corporation in anticipation of upcoming construction expenditures, including montgomery county power station; and
  the issuance of $35 million aggregate liquidation value 5.375% series a preferred stock in september 2019.
the increase was partially offset by the repayment, at maturity, of $500 million of 7.125% series mortgage bonds in february 2019 and money pool activity. see note 5 to the financial statements for more details on long-term debt.
see note 6 to the financial statements for more details on the issuance of preferred stock. decreases in entergy texas's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy texas's payable to the money pool decreased by $22.4 million in 2019 compared to increasing by $22.4 million in 2018. 2018 compared to 2017 see " management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in entergy texas's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2018 compared to 2017. capital structure entergy texas's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio for entergy texas is primarily due to the net issuance of $500 million of mortgage bonds in 2019, partially offset by an increase in equity.
debt to capital                         51.7  %                   51.6  %
effect of excluding the securitization  (2.8  %)                  (5.2  %)
bonds debt to capital, excluding              48.9  %                   46.4  %
effect of subtracting cash              (0.2  %)                     -  %
net debt to net capital, excluding      48.7  %                   46.4  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy texas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy texas's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy texas, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy texas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy texas's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy texas's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. entergy texas seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure.
to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy texas may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, entergy texas may receive equity 395 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis contributions to maintain its capital structure for certain circumstances such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reduced dividends. uses of capital entergy texas requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
following are the amounts of entergy texas's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $235    $165    $195
utility support                              115     135     130
following are the amounts of entergy texas's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
operating leases (b)                  $4           $7           $4            $1       $16
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  lease obligations are discussed in note 10 to the financial statements.
(c)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy texas, it primarily includes unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations.
million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $61 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2020, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020. see " critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding. also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy texas has $17.5
million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. 396 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy texas includes specific investments such as the montgomery county power station; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; system improvements; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt in note 5 to the financial statements. as a subsidiary, entergy texas dividends its earnings to entergy corporation at a percentage determined monthly. montgomery county power station in october 2016, entergy texas filed an application with the puct seeking certification that the public convenience and necessity would be served by the construction of the montgomery county power station, a nominal 993 mw combined-cycle generating unit in willis, texas, on land adjacent to the existing lewis creek plant. the current estimated cost of the montgomery county power station is $937 million, including approximately $111 million of transmission interconnection and network upgrades and other related costs.
the independent monitor, who oversaw the request for proposal process, filed testimony and a report affirming that the montgomery county power station was selected through an objective and fair request for proposal process that showed no undue preference to any proposal. in june 2017 parties to the proceeding filed an unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement. the stipulation contemplates that entergy texas's level of cost-recovery for generation construction costs for montgomery county power station is capped at $831 million, subject to certain exclusions such as force majeure events. transmission interconnection and network upgrades and other related costs are not subject to the $831 million cap. in july 2017 the puct approved the stipulation. subject to the timely receipt of other permits and approvals, commercial operation is estimated to occur by mid-2021. sources of capital entergy texas's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  capital contributions; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy texas may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable. all debt and common and preferred stock issuances by entergy texas require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. entergy texas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs. entergy texas's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31
for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. 397 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy texas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in september 2024. the credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $30 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31,
2019, there were no cash borrowings and $1.3 million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. in addition, entergy texas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2019, a $12.1 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy texas's letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities. entergy texas obtained authorizations from the ferc through november 2020 for short-term borrowings, not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding, and long-term borrowings and security issuances. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy texas's short-term borrowing limits. state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy texas charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy texas is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. the puct, a governmental agency, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers. filings with the puct 2018 rate case i n may 2018, entergy texas filed a base rate case with the puct seeking an increase in base rates and rider rates of approximately $166 million, of which $48 million is associated with moving costs currently being collected through riders into base rates such that the total incremental revenue requirement increase is approximately $118
million. the base rate case was based on a 12-month test year ending december 31, 2017. in addition, entergy texas included capital additions placed into service for the period of april 1, 2013 through december 31, 2017, as well as a post-test year adjustment to include capital additions placed in service by june 30, 2018. in october 2018 the parties filed an unopposed settlement resolving all issues in the proceeding and a motion for interim rates effective for usage on and after october 17, 2018. the unopposed settlement reflects the following terms: a base rate increase of $53.2 million (net of costs realigned from riders and including updated depreciation rates), a $25
through the date new rates are implemented, $6 million of capitalized skylining tree hazard costs will not be recovered from customers, $242.5 million of protected excess accumulated deferred income taxes, which includes a tax gross-up, will be returned to customers through base rates under the average rate assumption method over the lives of the associated assets, and $185.2 million of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes, which includes a tax gross-up, will be returned to customers through a rider. the unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes rider will include carrying charges and will be in effect over a period of 12 months for large customers and over a period of four years for other customers. the settlement also provides for the deferral of
$24.5 million of costs associated with the remaining book value of the neches and sabine 2 plants, previously taken out of service, to be recovered over a ten-year period and the deferral of $20.5 million of costs associated with hurricane harvey to be recovered over a 12-year period, each beginning in october 2018. the settlement provides final resolution of all issues in the matter, including those related to the tax act. in october 2018 the alj granted the unopposed motion for interim rates to be effective for service rendered on or after october 17, 2018.
in december 2018 the puct issued an order approving the unopposed settlement. in january 2019, entergy texas filed for recovery of rate case expenses totaling $7.2 million. the amounts requested primarily include internal and external expenses related to litigating the 2018 base rate case. parties filed testimony in april 2019 recommending a disallowance ranging from $3.2 million to $4.2 million of the $7.2 million requested. in may 2019, entergy texas filed rebuttal testimony responding to the parties' positions. in september 2019 an order was issued abating the procedural schedule and scheduled hearing to allow the finalization of a settlement 398 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in principle reached among the parties.
the settlement provides for a black box disallowance of $1.4 million. in the third quarter 2019, entergy texas recorded a provision for the 2018 base rate case expenses based on the settlement in principle. in october 2019 the settlement was filed for review by the puct. in february 2020 the puct approved the settlement. distribution cost recovery factor (dcrf) rider in june 2017, entergy texas filed an application to amend its dcrf rider by increasing the total collection from $8.65 million to approximately $19 million. in july 2017, entergy texas, the puct staff, and the two other parties in the proceeding entered into an unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement resulting in an amended dcrf annual revenue requirement of $18.3 million. in september 2017 the puct issued its final order approving the unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement. the amended dcrf rider rates became effective for usage on and after september 1, 2017. dcrf rates were set to zero upon implementation of new base rates on october 17, 2018, as described above in the 2018 base rate case discussion. in march 2019, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to set a new dcrf rider. the proposed new dcrf rider is designed to collect approximately $3.2 million annually from entergy texas's retail customers based on its capital invested in distribution between january 1, 2018 and december 31, 2018. in september 2019 the puct issued an order approving rates, which had been effective on an interim basis since june 2019, at the level proposed in entergy texas's application. transmission cost recovery factor (tcrf) rider in september 2016, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to amend its tcrf rider. the proposed amended tcrf rider was designed to collect approximately $29.5
million annually from entergy texas's retail customers. in december 2016, concurrent with the 2016 fuel reconciliation stipulation and settlement agreement discussed below, entergy texas and the puct staff reached a settlement agreeing to the amended tcrf annual revenue requirement of $29.5 million . as discussed below, the terms of the two settlements are interdependent. the puct approved the settlement and issued a final order in march 2017.
tcrf rates were set to zero upon implementation of new base rates on october 17, 2018, as discussed above in the
2018 base rate case discussion. in december 2018, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to set a new tcrf rider. the proposed new tcrf rider is designed to collect approximately $2.7 million annually from entergy texas's retail customers based on its capital invested in transmission between january 1, 2018 and september 30, 2018. in april 2019 parties filed testimony proposing a load growth adjustment, which would fully offset entergy texas's proposed tcrf revenue requirement. in july 2019 the puct granted entergy texas's application as filed to begin recovery of the requested $2.7 million annual revenue requirement, rejecting opposing parties' proposed adjustment;
however, the puct found that the question of prudence of the actual investment costs should be determined in entergy texas's next rate case similar to the procedure used for the costs recovered through the dcrf rider. in october 2019 the puct issued an order on a motion for rehearing, clarifying and affirming its prior order granting entergy texas's application as filed. also, in october 2019 a second motion for rehearing was filed, and entergy texas filed a response in opposition to the motion. the second motion for rehearing was overruled by operation of law. in december 2019, texas industrial energy consumers filed an appeal to the puct order in district court alleging that the puct erred in declining to apply a load growth adjustment. in august 2019, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to amend its tcrf rider. the proposed new tcrf rider is designed to collect approximately
$19.4 million annually from entergy texas's retail customers based on its capital invested in transmission between january 1, 2018 and june 30, 2019, which is $16.7 million in incremental annual revenue above the $2.7 million approved in the prior pending tcrf proceeding. in november 2019, entergy texas filed an unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement providing for recovery of the requested revenue requirement. in january 2020 the puct issued an order approving the unopposed settlement. 399 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis advanced metering infrastructure (ami) in april 2017 the texas legislature enacted legislation that extends statutory support for ami deployment to entergy texas and directs that if entergy texas elects to deploy ami, it shall do so as rapidly as practicable. in july 2017, entergy texas filed an application seeking an order from the puct approving entergy texas's deployment of ami. entergy texas proposed to replace existing meters with advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy texas's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $132 million and identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits. entergy texas proposed a seven-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters. entergy texas also proposed a surcharge tariff to recover the reasonable and necessary costs it has and will incur under the deployment plan for the full deployment of advanced meters. further, entergy texas sought approval of fees that would be charged to customers who choose to opt out of receiving service through an advanced meter and instead receive electric service with a non-standard meter. in october 2017, entergy texas and other parties entered into and filed an unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement permitting deployment of ami with limited modifications. the puct approved the stipulation and settlement agreement in december 2017. entergy texas implemented the ami surcharge tariff beginning with january
2018 bills. as of december 31, 2019, entergy texas has a regulatory liability related to the collection of the surcharge from customers. consistent with the approval, deployment of the communications network began in 2018 and the three-year deployment of the advanced meters began in 2019. entergy texas will recover the undepreciated balance of its existing meters through a regulatory asset to be amortized at current depreciation rates, as approved by the puct. fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy texas's rate schedules include a fixed fuel factor to recover fuel and purchased power costs, including interest, not recovered in base rates. semi-annual revisions of the fixed fuel factor are made in march and september based on the market price of natural gas and changes in fuel mix. the amounts collected under entergy texas's fixed fuel factor and any interim surcharge or refund are subject to fuel reconciliation proceedings before the puct. in july 2015 certain parties filed briefs in the open proceeding asserting that entergy texas should refund to retail customers an additional $10.9 million in bandwidth remedy payments entergy texas received related to calendar year 2006 production costs. in october 2015 an alj issued a proposal for decision recommending that the additional $10.9 million in bandwidth remedy payments be refunded to retail customers. in january 2016 the puct issued its order affirming the alj's recommendation, and entergy texas filed a motion for rehearing of the puct's decision, which the puct denied. in march 2016, entergy texas filed a complaint in federal district court for the western district of texas and a petition in the travis county (state) district court appealing the puct's decision. the pending appeals did not stay the puct's decision.
in april 2016, entergy texas filed with the puct an application to refund to customers approximately $56.2 million
. the refund resulted from (i) $41.8 million of fuel cost recovery over-collections through february 2016, (ii) the
2006-2008 production costs. in june 2016, entergy texas filed an unopposed settlement agreement that added additional over-recovered fuel costs for the months of march and april 2016. the settlement resulted in a $68
million refund. the alj approved the refund on an interim basis and it was made to most customers over a four-month period beginning with the first billing cycle of july 2016. in july 2016 the puct issued an order approving the interim refund. the federal appeal of the puct's january 2016 decision was heard in december 2016, and the federal district court granted entergy texas's requested relief. in january 2017 the puct and an intervenor filed petitions for appeal to the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit of the federal district court ruling. oral argument was held before the fifth circuit in february 2018. in april 2018 the fifth circuit reversed the decision of the federal district court, reinstating the original puct decision. in october 2018, entergy texas filed a notice of nonsuit in its appeal to the travis county district court regarding the puct's january 2016 decision. 400 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in july 2016, entergy texas filed an application to reconcile its fuel and purchased power costs for the period april 1, 2013 through march 31, 2016. during the reconciliation period, entergy texas incurred approximately $1.77 billion in texas jurisdictional eligible fuel and purchased power expenses, net of certain revenues credited to such expenses and other adjustments. entergy texas estimated an over-recovery balance of approximately $19.3 million , including interest, which entergy texas requested authority to carry over as the beginning balance for the subsequent reconciliation period beginning april 2016. entergy texas also noted, however, that the estimated $19.3 million over collection was being refunded to customers as a portion of the interim fuel refund beginning with the first billing cycle of july 2016, discussed above. entergy texas also requested a prudence finding for each of the fuel-
related contracts and arrangements entered into or modified during the reconciliation period that have not been reviewed by the puct in a prior proceeding. in december 2016, entergy texas entered into a stipulation and settlement agreement resulting in a $6 million disallowance not associated with any particular issue raised and a refund of the over-recovery balance of $21 million as of november 30, 2016, to most customers beginning april 2017
2016 transmission cost recovery factor rider amendment discussed above, and the terms and conditions in both settlements are interdependent. the fuel reconciliation settlement was approved by the puct in march 2017 and the refunds were made. in june 2017, entergy texas filed an application for a fuel refund of approximately $30.7
million for the months of december 2016 through april 2017. for most customers, the refunds flowed through bills for the months of july 2017 through september 2017. the fuel refund was approved by the puct in august 2017. in december 2017, entergy texas filed an application for a fuel refund of approximately $30.5 million for the months of may 2017 through october 2017. also in december 2017, the puct's alj approved the refund on an interim basis.
for most customers, the refunds flowed through bills january 2018 through march 2018. the fuel refund was approved by the puct in march 2018. in september 2019, entergy texas filed an application to reconcile its fuel and purchased power costs for the period from april 2016 through march 2019. during the reconciliation period, entergy texas incurred approximately $1.6 billion in texas jurisdictional eligible fuel and purchased power expenses, net of certain revenues credited to such expenses and other adjustments. entergy texas estimated an under-recovery balance of approximately $25.8 million, including interest, which entergy texas requested authority to carry over as the beginning balance for the subsequent reconciliation period beginning april 2019. the proceeding is currently pending. federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation. nuclear matters see the " nuclear matters " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
industrial and commercial customers entergy texas's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy texas's industrial customer base. entergy texas responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide, under existing rate schedules, competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles. entergy texas actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers. 401 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis environmental risks entergy texas's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy texas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in " regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated. critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy texas's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy texas's financial position or results of operations. utility regulatory accounting see "
utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation. impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets. taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the "
critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy texas's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries' management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate. 402 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension and qualified projected benefit obligation cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020 qualified      impact on 2019 qualified actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $783                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $347                        $1,676
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020       impact on 2019 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                            $97                           $2,050
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant. costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for entergy texas in 2019 was $5.7 million. entergy texas anticipates
required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020. total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy texas in 2019 was $6.5 million. entergy texas expects 2020 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income to approximate $6.7 million. in 2019, entergy texas' postretirement contributions (that is, contributions to the external trusts plus claims payments) were offset by trust claims reimbursements, resulting in a net reimbursement of $596 thousand. entergy texas estimates 2020 contributions will be approximately $61 thousand.
other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks. new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
403 table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries (the "company") as of december 31,
2019 and 2018, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and changes in common equity (pages 405
through 410 and applicable items in pages 49 through 236), for each of the three years in the period ended december
31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december
31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob. we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
2001. 404 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $1,488,955       $1,605,902       $1,544,893
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance taxes other than                                                    76,366           82,033           79,254
operating income                                                   146,502          206,426          199,558
common stock see notes to financial statements.
405 table of contents (page left blank intentionally) 406 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                            $159,397       $162,235        $76,173
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
other working capital                                                  (13,822  )       1,328         (7,852  )
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                         -              -       (520,547  )
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           286,739        331,753        301,396
construction proceeds from sale of                                                        -          3,753              -
changes in money pool                                                  (11,181  )      44,903        (44,222  )
receivable - net changes in                                                               2,465         (2,502  )        (232  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                  986,019              -        148,277
debt retirement of long-term                                               (578,593  )     (74,950  )     (71,683  )
debt capital contributions                                                  185,000              -        115,000
from parent proceeds from the issuance of preferred                                                   33,188              -              -
stock change in money pool                                                   (22,389  )      22,389              -
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $12,929            $56       $115,513
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                      $89,402        $85,719        $84,556
amount capitalized income taxes                                                           $17,010        $20,787       ($21,107  )
see notes to financial statements.
407 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
securitization recovery trust                                                        37,720           40,185
customer                                                                             59,365           69,714
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $160,375
of december 31, 2019 and $236,336 as of december 31, 2018)
see notes to financial statements.
408 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
customer deposits                                                                       40,232        43,387
current portion of unprotected excess                                                   26,552        87,627
long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $205,349 as of december 31,                                                 1,922,956     1,013,735
2019 and $283,659 as of december 31,
paid-in capital                                                                        780,182       596,994
see notes to financial statements.
409 table of contents entergy texas, inc.
and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended december 31,
common equity preferred    common stock          paid-in           retained            total stock                          capital           earnings
capital contributi...                           -               -          115,000                  -          115,000
capital contributi...                           -               -          185,000                  -          185,000
see notes to financial statements.
410 table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries selected financial data - five-year comparison
-in thousands operating                                    $1,488,955    $1,605,902    $1,544,893    $1,615,619    $1,707,203
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
411 table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis system energy's principal asset currently consists of an ownership interest and a leasehold interest in grand gulf. the capacity and energy from its 90% interest is sold under the unit power sales agreement to its only four customers, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. system energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% interest in grand gulf pursuant to the unit power sales agreement. payments under the unit power sales agreement are system energy's only source of operating revenues. results of operations 2019 compared to 2018 net income net income increased $5
million primarily due to the increase in operating revenues resulting from changes in rate base, as compared to prior year, and a lower effective income tax rate, after excluding the effect of the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers which is offset in income taxes. income taxes the effective income tax rates were 13.4% for 2019 and (102.7%) for 2018. the difference in the effective income tax rate of 13.4%
versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2019 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes and certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, partially offset by state income taxes. the difference in the effective income tax rate of (102.7%) versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2018 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the effective income tax rates. 2018 compared to 2017 see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in system energy's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017. income tax legislation see the " income tax legislation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the tax act on 2017, 2018, and 2019 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the tax act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the tax act, and note
2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the tax act.
412 table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019 , 2018 , and 2017 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              300,141        101,328        371,278
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $68,534        $95,685       $287,187
2019 compared to 2018 operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $198.8 million in 2019 primarily due to:
  the decrease in the return of the unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes in 2018;
  a decrease in spending of $48.5 million on nuclear refueling outages in 2019 as compared to prior year; and
  a decrease of $51.7 million in income taxes paid in 2019.  system energy made income tax payments of $54
million in 2018 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.
a decrease of $102.7 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from
  year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle;
  a decrease of $28.4 million in nuclear construction expenditures as a result of spending in 2018 on grand gulf outage projects.
decreases in system energy's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow and system energy's receivable from the money pool decreased by $47.8 million in 2019 compared to decreasing by $4.5 million in 2018.
the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings. financing activities net cash flow used in financing activities increased $201.1
  the issuance in march 2018 of $100 million of 3.42% series j notes by the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity;
413 table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis an increase of $56.5 million in common stock dividends and distributions in 2019.  common stock dividends
  and distributions were lower in 2018 in anticipation of the excess accumulated deferred income taxes being returned to customers as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act; and
  net repayments of $82.3 million of long-term borrowings in 2019 compared to net borrowings of $63.9 million of long-term borrowings in 2018 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility.
the increase was partially offset by:
  the payment in october 2018, at maturity, of $85 million of the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's 3.78% series i notes; and
  net repayments of short-term borrowings of $17.8 million in 2018 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility.
in march 2019, system energy issued $134 million of 2.50% series 2019 revenue refunding bonds due april 2022. the proceeds were used to redeem, prior to maturity, $134 million of 5.875% series 1998 pollution control revenue refunding bonds due april 2022. see note 5 to the financial statements for additional details of long-term debt.
2018 compared to 2017 see " management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in system energy's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2018 compared to 2017. capital structure system energy's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the decrease in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to a decrease in long-term debt outstanding, partially offset by a decrease in retained earnings.
debt to capital             43.5  %                   46.1  %
effect of subtracting cash  (3.3  %)                  (4.0  %)
net debt to net capital     40.2  %                   42.1  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. system energy uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating system energy's financial condition. system energy uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating system energy's financial condition because net debt indicates system energy's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. system energy seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, system energy may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its capital structure. 414 table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis uses of capital system energy requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel costs; and
following are the amounts of system energy's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $165     $80    $145
utility support                                5      15      15
following are the amounts of system energy's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for system energy, it includes nuclear fuel purchase obligations.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, system energy expects to contribute approximately $10.5
million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $21 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2020, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020. see " critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding. also in addition to the contractual obligations, system energy has $464.9
million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. in addition to routine spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate includes specific grand gulf investments and initiatives. as a wholly-owned subsidiary, system energy dividends its earnings to entergy corporation at a percentage determined monthly. 415 table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis sources of capital system energy's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
system energy may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable. all debt issuances by system energy require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. system energy has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs. system energy's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $120 million scheduled to expire in september 2021.
as of december 31, 2019, $31.6 million in loans were outstanding under the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the variable interest entity credit facility. system energy obtained authorizations from the ferc through november 2020
  short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding;
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of system energy's short-term borrowing limits.
federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation. complaints against system energy return on equity and capital structure complaints in january 2017 the apsc and mpsc filed a complaint with the ferc against system energy. the complaint seeks a reduction in the return on equity component of the unit power sales agreement pursuant to which system energy sells its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. entergy arkansas also sells some of its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy louisiana,
416 table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans under separate agreements. the current return on equity under the unit power sales agreement is 10.94% , which was established in a rate proceeding that became final in july 2001. the apsc and mpsc complaint alleges that the return on equity is unjust and unreasonable because capital market and other considerations indicate that it is excessive. the complaint requests the ferc to institute proceedings to investigate the return on equity and establish a lower return on equity, and also requests that the ferc establish january 23, 2017 as a refund effective date. the complaint includes return on equity analysis that purports to establish that the range of reasonable return on equity for system energy is between 8.37% and 8.67% . system energy answered the complaint in february 2017 and disputes that a return on equity of 8.37% to 8.67% is just and reasonable. the lpsc and the city council intervened in the proceeding expressing support for the complaint. system energy is recording a provision against revenue for the potential outcome of this proceeding. in september 2017 the ferc established a refund effective date of january 23, 2017 and directed the parties to engage in settlement proceedings before an alj. the parties have been unable to settle the return on equity issue and a ferc hearing judge was assigned in july 2018. the 15-month refund period in connection with the apsc/mpsc complaint expired on april 23, 2018. in april 2018 the lpsc filed a complaint with the ferc against system energy seeking an additional
15-month refund period. the lpsc complaint requests similar relief from the ferc with respect to system energy's return on equity and also requests the ferc to investigate system energy's capital structure. the apsc, mpsc, and city council intervened in the proceeding, filed an answer expressing support for the complaint, and asked the ferc to consolidate this proceeding with the proceeding initiated by the complaint of the apsc and mpsc in january 2017.
system energy answered the lpsc complaint in may 2018 and also filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. the
2018 the ferc issued an order dismissing the lpsc's request to investigate system energy's capital structure and setting for hearing the return on equity complaint, with a refund effective date of april 27, 2018. the portion of the lpsc's complaint dealing with return on equity was subsequently consolidated with the apsc and mpsc complaint for hearing. the parties are required to address an order (issued in a separate proceeding involving new england transmission owners) that proposed modifying the ferc's standard methodology for determining return on equity. in september 2018, system energy filed a request for rehearing and the lpsc filed a request for rehearing or reconsideration of the ferc's august 2018 order. the lpsc's request referenced an amended complaint that it filed on the same day raising the same capital structure claim the ferc had earlier dismissed. the ferc initiated a new proceeding for the amended capital structure complaint, and system energy submitted a response in october 2018. in january 2019 the ferc set the amended complaint for settlement and hearing proceedings. settlement proceedings in the capital structure proceeding commenced in february 2019. as noted below, in june 2019 settlement discussions were terminated and the amended capital structure complaint was consolidated with the ongoing return on equity proceeding. the 15-month refund period in connection with the capital structure complaint is from september 24,
2018 to december 23, 2019. in january 2019 the lpsc and the apsc and mpsc filed direct testimony in the return on equity proceeding. for the refund period january 23, 2017 through april 23, 2018, the lpsc argues for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 7.81% and the apsc and mpsc argue for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 8.24% . for the refund period april 27, 2018 through july 27, 2019, and for application on a prospective basis, the lpsc argues for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 7.97% and the apsc and mpsc argue for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 8.41% . in march 2019, system energy submitted answering testimony in the return on equity proceeding. for the first refund period, system energy's testimony argues for a return on equity of 10.10% (median) or 10.70% (midpoint). for the second refund period, system energy's testimony shows that the calculated returns on equity for the first period fall within the range of presumptively just and reasonable returns on equity, and thus the second complaint should be dismissed (and the first period return on equity used going forward). if the ferc nonetheless were to set a new return on equity for the second period (and going forward), system energy argues the return on equity should be either 10.32% (median)
or 10.69% (midpoint). 417 table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis in may 2019 the ferc trial staff filed its direct and answering testimony in the return on equity proceeding. for the first refund period, the ferc trial staff calculates an authorized return on equity for system energy of 9.89% based on the application of ferc's proposed methodology. the ferc trial staff's direct and answering testimony noted that an authorized return on equity of 9.89% for the first refund period was within the range of presumptively just and reasonable returns on equity for the second refund period, as calculated using a study period ending january 31, 2019 for the second refund period. in june 2019, system entergy filed testimony responding to the testimony filed by the ferc trial staff. among other things, system energy's testimony rebutted arguments raised by the ferc trial staff and provided updated calculations for the second refund period based on the study period ending may 31, 2019. for that refund period, system energy's testimony shows that strict application of the return on equity methodology proposed by the ferc staff indicates that the second complaint would not be dismissed, and the new return on equity would be set at 9.65% (median) or 9.74% (midpoint). system energy's testimony argues that these results are insufficient in light of benchmarks such as state returns on equity and treasury bond yields, and instead proposes that the calculated returns on equity for the second period should be either 9.91% (median) or 10.3% (midpoint). system energy's testimony also argues that, under application of its proposed modified methodology, the 10.10% return on equity calculated for the first refund period would fall within the range of presumptively just and reasonable returns on equity for the second refund period. system energy is recording a provision against revenue for the potential outcome of this proceeding. also in june 2019, the ferc's chief alj issued an order terminating settlement discussions in the amended complaint addressing system energy's capital structure. the alj consolidated the amended capital structure complaint with the ongoing return on equity proceeding and set new procedural deadlines for the consolidated hearing. in august 2019 the lpsc and the apsc and mpsc filed rebuttal testimony in the return on equity proceeding and direct and answering testimony relating to system energy's capital structure. the lpsc reargues for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 7.81% for the first refund period and 7.97% for the second refund period. the apsc and mpsc argue for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 8.26% for the first refund period and 8.32% for the second refund period. with respect to capital structure, the lpsc proposes that the ferc establish a hypothetical capital structure for system energy for ratemaking purposes. specifically, the lpsc proposes that system energy's common equity ratio be set to entergy corporation's equity ratio of 37% equity and 63% debt. in the alternative, the lpsc argues that the equity ratio should be no higher than 49% , the composite equity ratio of system energy and the other entergy operating companies who purchase under the unit power sales agreement. the apsc and mpsc recommend that 35.98% be set as the common equity ratio for system energy. as an alternative, the apsc and mpsc propose that system energy's common equity be set at 46.75% based on the median equity ratio of the proxy group for setting the return on equity. in september 2019 the ferc trial staff filed its rebuttal testimony in the return on equity proceeding. for the first refund period, the ferc trial staff calculates an authorized return on equity for system energy of 9.40% based on the application of the ferc's proposed methodology and an updated proxy group. for the second refund period, based on the study period ending may 31, 2019, the ferc trial staff rebuttal testimony argues for a return on equity of 9.63% . in september 2019 the ferc trial staff also filed direct and answering testimony relating to system energy's capital structure. the ferc trial staff argues that the average capital structure of the proxy group used to develop system energy's return on equity should be used to establish the capital structure.
using this approach, the ferc trial staff calculates the average capital structure for its proposed proxy group of
46.74% common equity, and 53.26% debt. in october 2019, system energy filed answering testimony disputing the ferc trial staff's, the lpsc's, and the apsc's and mpsc's arguments for the use of a hypothetical capital structure and arguing that the use of system energy's actual capital structure is just and reasonable. in november 2019, in a proceeding that did not involve entergy, the ferc issued an order addressing the methodology for determining the return on equity applicable to transmission owners in miso. thereafter, the participants the system energy proceeding agreed to amend the procedural schedule to allow the participants to file testimony addressing the order in the miso transmission owner proceeding. under the new schedule, the hearing in the system energy proceeding will commence in june 2020 and the initial decision will be due in october 2020. 418 table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis grand gulf sale-leaseback renewal complaint in may
2018 the lpsc filed a complaint against system energy and entergy services related to system energy's renewal of a sale-leaseback transaction originally entered into in december 1988 for an 11.5% undivided interest in grand gulf unit 1. the complaint alleges that system energy violated the filed rate and the ferc's ratemaking and accounting requirements when it included in unit power sales agreement billings the cost of capital additions associated with the sale-leaseback interest, and that system energy is double-recovering costs by including both the lease payments and the capital additions in unit power sales agreement billings. the complaint also claims that system energy was imprudent in entering into the sale-leaseback renewal because the utility operating companies that purchase grand gulf's output from system energy could have obtained cheaper capacity and energy in the miso markets. the complaint further alleges that system energy violated various other reporting and accounting requirements and should have sought prior ferc approval of the lease renewal. the complaint seeks various forms of relief from the ferc. the complaint seeks refunds for capital addition costs for all years in which they were recorded in allegedly non-
formula accounts or, alternatively, the disallowance of the return on equity for the capital additions in those years plus interest. the complaint also asks that the ferc disallow and refund the lease costs of the sale-
leaseback renewal on grounds of imprudence, investigate system energy's treatment of a doe litigation payment, and impose certain forward-looking procedural protections, including audit rights for retail regulators of the unit power sales agreement formula rates. the apsc, mpsc, and city council intervened in the proceeding. in june 2018, system energy and entergy services filed a motion to dismiss and an answer to the lpsc complaint denying that system energy's treatment of the sale-leaseback renewal and capital additions violated the terms of the filed rate or any other ferc ratemaking, accounting, or legal requirements or otherwise constituted double recovery. the response also argued that the complaint is inconsistent with a ferc-approved settlement to which the lpsc is a party and that explicitly authorizes system energy to recover its lease payments. finally, the response argued that both the capital additions and the sale-leaseback renewal were prudent investments and the lpsc complaint fails to justify any disallowance or refunds. the response also offered to submit formula rate protocols for the unit power sales agreement similar to the procedures used for reviewing transmission rates under the miso tariff. in september
2018 the ferc issued an order setting the complaint for hearing and settlement proceedings. the ferc established a refund effective date of may 18, 2018. in february 2019 the presiding alj ruled that the hearing ordered by the ferc includes the issue of whether specific subcategories of accumulated deferred income tax should be included in, or excluded from, system energy's formula rate. in march 2019 the lpsc, mpsc, apsc and city council filed direct testimony. the lpsc testimony seeks refunds that include the renewal lease payments (approximately $17.2 million per year since july 2015), rate base reductions for accumulated deferred income tax associated with uncertain tax positions (claimed to be approximately $334.5 million as of december 2018), and the cost of capital additions associated with the sale-leaseback interest (claimed to be approximately $274.8 million ), as well as interest on those amounts. the direct testimony of the city council and the apsc and mpsc address various issues raised by the lpsc. system energy disputes that any refunds are owed for billings under the unit power sales agreement. in june
2019 system energy filed answering testimony in the sale-leaseback complaint proceeding arguing that the ferc should reject all claims for refunds. among other things, system energy argued that claims for refunds of the costs of lease renewal payments and capital additions should be rejected because those costs were recovered consistent with the unit power sales agreement formula rate, system energy was not over or double recovering any costs, and ratepayers will save approximately $850 million over initial and renewal terms of the leases. system energy argued that claims for refunds associated with liabilities arising from uncertain tax positions should be rejected because the liabilities do not provide cost-free capital, the repayment timing of the liabilities is uncertain, and the outcome of the underlying tax positions is uncertain. system energy's testimony also challenged the refund calculations supplied by the other parties. 419 table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis in august 2019 the ferc trial staff filed direct and answering testimony seeking refunds for rate base reductions for liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions (claimed to be up to approximately $602 million plus interest). the ferc trial staff also argued that system energy recovered $32
million more than it should have in depreciation expense for capital additions. in september 2019, system energy filed cross-answering testimony disputing the ferc trial staff's arguments for refunds, stating that the ferc trial staff's position regarding depreciation rates for capital additions is not unreasonable and explaining that any change in depreciation expense is only one element of a unit power sales agreement rebilling calculation.
adjustments to depreciation expense in any rebilling under the unit power sales agreement formula rate will also involve changes to accumulated depreciation, accumulated deferred income taxes, and other formula elements as needed. in october 2019 the lpsc filed rebuttal testimony increasing the amount of refunds sought for liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. the lpsc now seeks approximately $512 million plus interest. at the same time, the ferc trial staff filed rebuttal testimony conceding that it was no longer seeking up to $602 million related to the uncertain tax positions; instead, it is seeking approximately $511 million plus interest. the lpsc also argued that adjustments to depreciation rates should affect rate base on a prospective basis only. a hearing was held before a ferc alj in november 2019 and the initial decision is due in april 2020. unit power sales agreement in august 2017, system energy submitted to the ferc proposed amendments to the unit power sales agreement pursuant to which system energy sells its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. the filing proposes limited amendments to the unit power sales agreement to adopt (1) updated rates for use in calculating grand gulf plant depreciation and amortization expenses and (2) updated nuclear decommissioning cost annual revenue requirements, both of which are recovered through the unit power sales agreement rate formula. the amendments result in lower charges to the utility operating companies that buy capacity and energy from system energy under the unit power sales agreement. the changes were based on updated depreciation and nuclear decommissioning studies that take into account the renewal of grand gulf's operating license for a term through november 1, 2044. in september 2017 the ferc accepted system energy's proposed unit power sales agreement amendments, subject to further proceedings to consider the justness and reasonableness of the amendments. because the amendments propose a rate decrease, the ferc also initiated an investigation under section 206 of the federal power act to determine if the rate decrease should be lower than proposed. the ferc accepted the proposed amendments effective october 1, 2017, subject to refund pending the outcome of the further settlement and/or hearing proceedings, and established a refund effective date of october 11, 2017 with respect to the rate decrease. in june 2018, system energy filed with the ferc an uncontested settlement relating to the updated depreciation rates and nuclear decommissioning cost annual revenue requirements. in august 2018 the ferc issued an order accepting the settlement. in the third quarter 2018, system energy recorded a reduction in depreciation expense of approximately $26 million , representing the cumulative difference in depreciation expense resulting from the depreciation rates used from october 11, 2017 through september 30, 2018 and the depreciation rates included in the settlement filing accepted by the ferc. nuclear matters system energy owns and, through an affiliate, operates grand gulf. system energy is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-
level radioactive materials; the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems and the fukushima event; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license renewal and amendments, and decommissioning; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency 420
table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of grand gulf, system energy may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. grand gulf's operating license expires in 2044. environmental risks system energy's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that system energy is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated. critical accounting estimates the preparation of system energy's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of system energy's financial position or results of operations. nuclear decommissioning costs see " nuclear decommissioning costs " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation. impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see "
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments. taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. qualified pension and other postretirement benefits system energy's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee 421 table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " in the " critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate. cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020 qualified      impact on 2019 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $666                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $422                        $2,072
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2020       impact on 2019 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                            $64                           $1,164
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant. costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for system energy in 2019 was $12.3 million. system energy anticipates
2020 qualified pension cost to be $17.6 million. system energy contributed $20.2 million to its qualified pension plans in 2019 and estimates 2020 pension contributions will approximate $10.5 million, although the 2020 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2020 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2020. total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for system energy in
2019 was $1 million. system energy expects 2020 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income to approximate $1.3 million. system energy contributed $829 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2019 and expects 2020 contributions to approximate $21 thousand. other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the "
critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks. 422
table of contents system energy resources, inc. management's financial discussion and analysis new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 423 table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholder and board of directors of system energy resources, inc. opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of system energy resources, inc. (the "company") as of december 31, 2019
and 2018, the related statements of income, cash flows, and changes in common equity (pages 425 through 430 and applicable items in pages 49 through 236), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2019
and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob. we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
2001. 424 table of contents system energy resources, inc.
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                              $573,410       $456,707       $633,458
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance decommissioning                                                         35,729         34,336         43,347
operating income                                                       114,985         43,680        166,983
see notes to financial statements.
425 table of contents (page left blank intentionally) 426 table of contents system energy resources, inc.
statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                             $99,120        $94,109        $78,596
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
other working capital                                                   15,879        (45,415  )      12,083
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                         -              -       (325,707  )
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           300,141        101,328        371,278
of nuclear fuel proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                                        500,384        573,561        565,416
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                       (517,828  )    (583,683  )    (596,236  )
trust funds changes in money pool                                                   47,824          4,545        (77,858  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                1,103,917        741,785        150,100
debt retirement of long-term                                             (1,187,406  )    (662,904  )    (150,103  )
debt changes in short-term credit borrowings                                                            -        (17,830  )     (49,063  )
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $68,534        $95,685       $287,187
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                      $21,052        $17,183        $26,251
amount capitalized income taxes                                                            $2,284        $53,956        ($2,227  )
see notes to financial statements.
427 table of contents system energy resources, inc.
other property and investments decommissioning trust funds                                                    1,054,098       869,543
see notes to financial statements.
428 table of contents system energy resources, inc.
current portion of unprotected excess                                                  -         4,426
see notes to financial statements.
429 table of contents system energy resources, inc.
statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017
see notes to financial statements.
430 table of contents system energy resources, inc.
selected financial data -
-dollars in thousands operating                                      $573,410      $456,707      $633,458      $548,291      $632,405
431 table of contents item 2. properties information regarding the registrant's properties is included in part i.
item 1. - entergy's business under the sections titled " utility - property and other generation resources " and "
entergy wholesale commodities - property " in this report. item 3. legal proceedings details of the registrant's material environmental regulation and proceedings and other regulatory proceedings and litigation that are pending or those terminated in the fourth quarter of 2019 are discussed in part i. item 1. - entergy's business under the sections titled " retail rate regulation ," " environmental regulation ," and " litigation " and " impairment of long-lived assets " in note 14 to the financial statements. item 4. mine safety disclosures not applicable.
information about executive officers of entergy corporation executive officers name                              age    position                                                  period leo p. denault (a)                 60    chairman of the board and chief executive officer of      2013-present entergy corporation executive vice president and chief nuclear officer of a. christopher bakken, iii (a)     58    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy            2016-present louisiana, and system energy project director, hinkley point c of edf energy           2009-2016
executive vice president and general counsel of marcus v. brown (a)                58    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy            2013-present louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy andrew s. marsh (a)                48    executive vice president and chief financial officer      2013-present of entergy corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy         2013-present texas, and system energy chief financial officer of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans,      2014-present entergy texas, and system energy
432 table of contents name                         age    position                                                             period group president utility operations of entergy corporation, roderick k. west (a)          51    entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi,      2017-present entergy new orleans, and entergy texas president, chief executive officer, and director of system     2017-present energy director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system    2017-present energy president and chief executive officer of entergy new                   2018
orleans executive vice president of entergy corporation                   2010-2017
chief administrative officer of entergy corporation               2010-2016
paul d. hinnenkamp (a)        58    executive vice president and chief operating officer of        2017-present entergy corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy       2015-present mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas senior vice president and chief operating officer of              2015-2017
entergy corporation senior vice president, capital project management and                  2015
technology of entergy services, inc.
vice president, capital project management and technology         2013-2015
of entergy services, inc.
senior vice president and chief accounting officer of kimberly a. fontan (a)        46    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana,      2019-present entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy vice president, system planning of entergy services, inc.         2017-2019
vice president, regulatory services of entergy services,          2015-2017
vice president, regulatory affairs of entergy louisiana           2014-2015
peter s. norgeot, jr. (a)     54    senior vice president, transformation of entergy               2018-present corporation senior vice president, power generation of entergy services       2017-2018
vice president, fossil generation of entergy services             2015-2017
vice president, power plant operations, steam of entergy          2014-2015
services julie e. harbert (a)          46    senior vice president, corporate business services of          2019-present entergy corporation vice president, shared services of entergy services, inc.         2017-2019
senior vice president, global business services of philips        2015-2017
health tech vice president and group head of operations, global shared             2014
services of ibm
(a)  in addition, this officer is an executive officer and/or director of various other wholly owned subsidiaries of entergy corporation and its operating companies.
each officer of entergy corporation is elected yearly by the board of directors. each officer's age and title are provided as of december 31, 2019. 433 table of contents part ii item 5. market for registrants' common equity and related stockholder matters entergy corporation the shares of entergy corporation's common stock are listed on the new york stock and chicago stock exchanges under the ticker symbol etr. as of january 31, 2020, there were 23,696
stockholders of record of entergy corporation. unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds issuer purchases of equity securities (1)
total number of      maximum $ amount total number of      average price          shares purchased       of shares that period                 shares purchased     paid per share         as part of a               may yet be publicly              purchased under announced plan             a plan (2)
in accordance with entergy's stock-based compensation plans, entergy periodically grants stock options to key employees, which may be exercised to obtain shares of entergy's common stock. according to the plans, these shares can be newly issued shares, treasury stock, or shares purchased on the open market. entergy's management has been authorized by the board to repurchase on the open market shares up to an amount sufficient to fund the exercise of grants under the plans. in addition to this authority, the board has authorized share repurchase programs to enable opportunistic purchases in response to market conditions. in october 2010 the board granted authority for a $500
million share repurchase program. the amount of share repurchases under these programs may vary as a result of material changes in business results or capital spending or new investment opportunities. in addition, in the first quarter 2019, entergy withheld 76,735 shares of its common stock at $86.03 per share, 82,550 shares of its common stock at $86.51 per share, 38,326 shares of its common stock at $87.10 per share, 932 shares of its common stock at
$89.19 per share, and 2,280 shares of its common stock at $93.25 per share to pay income taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock granted and payout of performance units as part of its long-term incentive program.
(1)  see note 12 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the stock-based compensation plans.
maximum amount of shares that may yet be repurchased relates only to the $500 million plan does not
(2)  include an estimate of the amount of shares that may be purchased to fund the exercise of grants under the stock-based compensation plans.
entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy there is no market for the common equity of the registrant subsidiaries. information with respect to restrictions that limit the ability of the registrant subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions is presented in note 7 to the financial statements. 434 table of contents item 6. selected financial data refer to
"selected financial data - five-year comparison of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc." which follow each company's financial statements in this report, for information with respect to selected financial data and certain operating statistics. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to
"management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc." item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries - market and credit risk sensitive instruments ." item 8. financial statements and supplementary data refer to "table of contents - entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc." item 9. changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure no event that would be described in response to this item has occurred with respect to entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, or system energy. item 9a. controls and procedures disclosure controls and procedures as of december 31, 2019 , evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy (individually "registrant" and collectively the "registrants")
management, including their respective principal executive officers (peo) and principal financial officers (pfo).
the evaluations assessed the effectiveness of the registrants' disclosure controls and procedures. based on the evaluations, each peo and pfo has concluded that, as to the registrant or registrants for which they serve as peo or pfo, the registrant's or registrants' disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by each registrant in reports that it files or submits under the securities exchange act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in securities and exchange commission rules and forms; and that the registrant's or registrants' disclosure controls and procedures are also effective in reasonably assuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the registrant's or registrants' management, including their respective peos and pfos, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 435 table of contents internal control over financial reporting
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy) the managements of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy (individually "registrant" and collectively the
"registrants") are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the registrants. each registrant's internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of each registrant's financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. each registrant's management assessed the effectiveness of each registrant's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019 . in making this assessment, each registrant's management used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso) in internal control - integrated framework. the 2013 coso framework was utilized for management's assessment. based on each management's assessment and the criteria set forth by the
2013 coso framework, each registrant's management believes that each registrant maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019 . the report of deloitte & touche llp, entergy corporation's independent registered public accounting firm, regarding entergy corporation's internal control over financial reporting is included herein. the report of deloitte & touche llp is not applicable to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy because these registrants are non-accelerated filers. changes in internal controls over financial reporting under the supervision and with the participation of each registrant's management, including its respective peo and pfo, each registrant evaluated changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended december 31,
2019 and found no change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 436 table of contents attestation report of registered public accounting firm report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy corporation and subsidiaries opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited the internal control over financial reporting of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the "corporation") as of december 31,
2019, based on criteria established in internal control -integrated framework (2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso). in our opinion, the corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019, based on criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013) issued by coso. we have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended december 31, 2019 of the corporation and our report dated february 21, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. basis for opinion the corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in item 9a, internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the corporation's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the corporation in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob. we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 21, 2020 437 table of contents part iii item 10. directors, executive officers, and corporate governance of the registrants (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas) information required by this item concerning directors of entergy corporation is set forth under the heading "proposal 1 - election of directors" contained in the proxy statement of entergy corporation, to be filed in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held may 8, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference. all officers and directors listed below held the specified positions with their respective companies as of the date of filing this report, unless otherwise noted.
name                                               age    position                                 period entergy arkansas, llc directors laura r. landreaux                                  46    president and chief executive officer    2018-present of entergy arkansas director of entergy arkansas             2018-present operational finance director of          2017-2018
entergy arkansas vice president, regulatory affairs of    2014-2017
entergy arkansas see information under the information paul d. hinnenkamp                                        about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information andrew s. marsh                                           about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information roderick k. west                                          about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
officers see information under the information a. christopher bakken, iii                                about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information marcus v. brown                                           about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information leo p. denault                                            about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information paul d. hinnenkamp                                        about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
laura r. landreaux                                        see information under the entergy arkansas directors section above.
see information under the information andrew s. marsh                                           about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information kimberly a. fontan                                        about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information roderick k. west                                          about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
438 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc directors phillip r. may, jr.                                 57    president and chief executive officer    2013-present of entergy louisiana director of entergy louisiana            2013-present see information under the information paul d. hinnenkamp                                        about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information andrew s. marsh                                           about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information roderick k. west                                          about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
officers see information under the information a. christopher bakken, iii                                about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information marcus v. brown                                           about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information leo p. denault                                            about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information paul d. hinnenkamp                                        about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information andrew s. marsh                                           about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
phillip r. may, jr.                                       see information under the entergy louisiana directors section above.
see information under the information kimberly a. fontan                                        about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information roderick k. west                                          about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
entergy mississippi, llc directors haley r. fisackerly                            54    president and chief executive officer of      2008-present entergy mississippi director of entergy mississippi               2008-present see information under the information paul d. hinnenkamp                                   about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information andrew s. marsh                                      about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information roderick k. west                                     about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
439 table of contents officers marcus v. brown        see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
leo p. denault         see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
haley r. fisackerly    see information under the entergy mississippi directors section above.
paul d. hinnenkamp     see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh        see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
kimberly a. fontan     see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
entergy new orleans, llc directors david d. ellis                                51    president and chief executive officer of       2018-present entergy new orleans director of entergy new orleans                2018-present president and chief executive officer,                 2018
global power technologies managing director and chairman of comverge        2010-2017
see information under the information about paul d. hinnenkamp                                  executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information about andrew s. marsh                                     executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information about roderick k. west                                    executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
officers marcus v. brown       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
leo p. denault        see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
david d. ellis        see information under the entergy new orleans directors section above.
paul d. hinnenkamp    see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
kimberly a. fontan    see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west      see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
440 table of contents entergy texas, inc.
directors sallie t. rainer                         57    president and chief executive officer of entergy    2012-present texas director of entergy texas                           2012-present see information under the information about paul d. hinnenkamp                             executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information about andrew s. marsh                                executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
see information under the information about roderick k. west                               executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
officers marcus v. brown       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
leo p. denault        see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
paul d. hinnenkamp    see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
kimberly a. fontan    see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
sallie t. rainer      see information under the entergy texas directors section above.
roderick k. west      see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
the directors and officers of entergy texas are elected annually to serve by the unanimous consent of its sole common stockholder. the directors and officers of entergy arkansas, llc, entergy louisiana, llc, entergy mississippi, llc and entergy new orleans, llc are elected annually to serve by the unanimous consent of the sole common membership owner, entergy utility holding company, llc. entergy corporation's directors are elected annually at the annual meeting of shareholders. entergy corporation's officers are elected at the annual organizational meeting of the board of directors, which immediately follows the annual meeting of shareholders. the age of each officer and director for whom information is presented above is as of december 31, 2019. corporate governance guidelines and committee charters each of the audit, corporate governance, and personnel committees of entergy corporation's board of directors operates under a written charter. in addition, the board has adopted corporate governance guidelines. each charter and the guidelines are available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request. audit committee of the entergy corporation board the following directors are members of the audit committee of entergy corporation's board of directors: patrick j. condon (chairman) philip l. frederickson m.
elise hyland karen a. puckett 441 table of contents all audit committee members are independent. in addition to the general independence requirements of the nyse, all audit committee members must meet the heightened independence standards imposed by the sec and nyse. all audit committee members possess the level of financial literacy required by the nyse rules and the board has determined that messrs. condon and frederickson satisfy the financial expertise requirements of the nyse and have the requisite experience to be designated an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by the rules of the sec. code of ethics effective october 2018, the entergy corporation board of directors adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to members of the entergy corporation board of directors and all entergy officers and employees. the code of business conduct and ethics includes special provisions relating to principal executive officer and senior financial officers. it is to be read in conjunction with entergy's omnibus code of integrity under which entergy operates, called the code of entegrity, as well as system policies. all employees are expected to abide by the codes. non-bargaining employees are required to acknowledge annually that they understand and abide by the code of entegrity. the code of business conduct and ethics, including any amendments or any waivers thereto, and the code of entegrity are available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request. nominations to the entergy corporation board of directors;
  the number of shares of entergy corporation stock held by the shareholder;
  the name and address of the candidate;
a brief biographical description of the candidate, including his or her occupation for at least the last
  five years, and a statement of the qualifications of the candidate, taking into account the qualification requirements discussed in the proxy statement under "board of directors - identifying director candidates";
  the candidate's signed consent to be named in the proxy statement and a representation of such candidates'
once the corporate governance committee receives the recommendation, it may request additional information from the candidate about the candidate's independence, qualifications, and other information that would assist the corporate governance committee in evaluating the candidate, as well as certain information that must be disclosed about the candidate in the proxy statement, if nominated. the corporate governance committee will apply the same standards in considering director candidates recommended by shareholders as it applies to other candidates. 442 table of contents item 11. executive compensation entergy corporation information concerning compensation earned by the directors and officers of entergy corporation is set forth in its proxy statement, to be filed in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders to be held may 8, 2020, under the headings "compensation discussion and analysis," "annual compensation risk assessment," "executive compensation tables," "pay ratio disclosure," "our
2020 director nominees," and "2019 non-employee director compensation," all of which information is incorporated herein by reference. references in this section to the "company" refer to entergy corporation. entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas compensation discussion and analysis in this section, the compensation earned in 2019 by the following executive officers (referred to herein as "named executive officers") is discussed.
name(1)                     title a. christopher bakken, iii  executive vice president, nuclear operations/chief nuclear officer marcus v. brown             executive vice president and general counsel leo p. denault              chairman of the board and chief executive officer david d. ellis              president and chief executive officer, entergy new orleans haley r. fisackerly         president and chief executive officer, entergy mississippi laura r. landreaux          president and chief executive officer, entergy arkansas andrew s. marsh             executive vice president and chief financial officer entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas phillip r. may, jr.         president and chief executive officer, entergy louisiana sallie t. rainer            president and chief executive officer, entergy texas roderick k. west            group president utility operations messrs. bakken, brown, denault, marsh, and west hold the positions referenced above as executive officers
(1)  of entergy corporation and are members of entergy corporation's office of the chief executive.  no additional compensation was paid in 2019 to any of these officers for their service as named executive officers of the utility operating companies.
entergy corporation's executive compensation programs and practices entergy corporation regularly reviews its executive compensation programs to align them with commonly viewed best practices in the market and to reflect feedback from discussions with investors on executive compensation. entergy corporation's compensation principles and philosophy entergy corporation's executive compensation programs are based on a philosophy of pay for performance that is embodied in the design of its annual and long-term incentive plans. it believes the executive pay programs:
  motivateits management team to drive strong financial and operational results.
443 table of contents
  attractand retain a highly experienced and successful management team.
incentivize and rewardthe achievement of financial and operational metrics that are deemed by the personnel
  committee to be consistent with the overall goals and strategic direction that the board has approved for entergy corporation.
alignthe interests of the executives and entergy corporation shareholders by directly tying the value of
  equity-based awards to entergy corporation's stock price performance, relative total shareholder return and earnings growth.
  createsustainable value for the benefit of all of entergy corporation's stakeholders, including its owners, customers, employees and communities.
executive compensation best practices :
executive compensation programs are what entergy corporation does        *                                     highly correlated to performance and focused on long-term value creation double trigger for cash severance
*                                    payments and equity acceleration in the event of a change in control
*                                    clawback policy maximum payout capped at 200% of target under the annual incentive
*                                    plan and long-term performance unit program for members of the office of the chief executive rigorous goal setting aligned with
*                                    externally disclosed annual and multi-year financial targets
*                                    more toward performance units than service-based equity awards all long-term incentive compensation
*                                    annual say on pay vote what entergy corporation doesn't do  *                                     no 280g tax "gross up" payments in the event of a change in control no tax "gross up" payments on any
*                                    executive perquisites for members of the office of the chief executive, other than relocation benefits no option repricing or cash buy-outs
*                                    for underwater options without shareholder approval no agreements providing for severance payments to executive
*                                    officers that exceed 2.99 times annual base salary and annual incentive awards without shareholder approval
*                                    no hedging or pledging of entergy corporation common stock
*                                    no new officer participation in the system executive retirement plan no grants of supplemental service
*                                    credit to newly-hired officers under any of entergy corporation's non-qualified retirement plans
2019 executive compensation program changes during 2019, the following changes were made to entergy corporation's executive officer compensation programs: annual incentive plan in recognition of entergy corporation's successful execution on its strategy to exit the entergy wholesale commodities merchant power business, entergy corporation decided to establish a new, single earnings measure not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap") for guidance 444 table of contents and investor reporting purposes that would better reflect its ongoing business and respond to feedback received from investors on the earnings measures on which entergy corporation had previously reported and guided. this new measure, entergy adjusted earnings per share ("etr adjusted eps"), adjusts the company's as reported (gaap) earnings per share results to eliminate the impact of its entergy wholesale commodities merchant power business, significant tax items and other non-routine items. with this change in the external guidance measure, and given the personnel committee's desire to maintain an appropriate degree of alignment between the company's externally communicated earnings targets and the targets under the annual incentive plan, the committee adopted new performance measures to determine the maximum funding level of the annual incentive plan with each performance measure weighted equally:
the earnings measure, etr tax adjusted eps, is based on the externally reported etr adjusted eps, which is
  then adjusted to add back the effect of significant tax items, and to eliminate the effect of major storms, the resolution of certain unresolved regulatory litigation matters, changes in federal income tax law and unrealized gains or losses on equity securities (the "pre-determined exclusions").
  the cash flow measure, etr adjusted operating cash flow is calculated based on entergy corporation's as-reported (gaap) operating cash flow, adjusted to eliminate the effect of any pre-determined exclusions.
long-term incentives in keeping with the change in entergy corporation's external guidance measure, the committee also adopted a new earnings measure for use in measuring performance under the long-term performance unit program.
in particular, the committee decided that, for the 2019-2021 the long-term performance unit program period, the performance measures will be (1) cumulative etr adjusted eps, adjusted to eliminate the effect of any pre-
term incentive targets tailored to role beginning in 2019, the short and long-term incentive targets for officers who are members of entergy corporation's office of the chief executive are being determined based on job-specific market data for the officer's role. previously, the targets were the average of the market data for the officers within a specific management level, without regard to the officer's specific job functions. the targets for the named executive officers who are presidents of the utility operating companies continue to be determined based on the average of the market data for the officers within a specific management level, without regard to their specific job function. entergy corporation believes that this change for the members of the office of the chief executive will help assure that each officer's incentive targets are market competitive with respect to the officer's particular role. 2019 incentive pay outcomes entergy corporation believes the 2019 incentive pay outcomes for the named executive officers demonstrated the application of entergy corporation's pay for performance philosophy. annual incentive plan awards under the executive annual incentive plan, or annual incentive plan, are tied to entergy corporation's financial and operational performance through the entergy achievement multiplier
("eam"), which is the performance metric used to determine the maximum funding available for awards under the plan.
the 2019 eam was determined based on the two equally weighted performance metrics discussed in the "2019 executive compensation program changes" section above. 445 table of contents 2019 annual incentive plan payout for 2019, the personnel committee, based on the recommendation of the finance committee, determined that management exceeded its etr tax adjusted eps goal of $5.30 per share by $1.23 per share and fell short of its etr adjusted operating cash flow goal of $3.1 billion by approximately $134 million. based on the targets and ranges previously established by the personnel committee, these results resulted in a calculated eam of 139%. long-term performance unit program under the long-term performance unit program, units are granted with performance measured over a three-year period based on entergy corporation's total shareholder return in relation to the total shareholder return of the companies included in the philadelphia utility index. payouts, if any, are based on entergy corporation's performance on these measures against pre-established performance goals. long-term performance unit program payout for the three-year performance period ending in 2019, entergy corporation's total shareholder return was in the top quartile of the companies in the philadelphia utility index, yielding a payout of 200% of target for the named executive officers. payouts were made in shares of entergy corporation stock which are required to be held by the executive officers until they satisfy the executive stock ownership guidelines. what entergy corporation pays and why competitive positioning market data for compensation comparison annually, the personnel committee reviews:
  data from utility companies to determine total cash compensation for management roles that are utility-specific, such as group president, utility operations; and
  utility market data to determine long-term incentives for all positions.
how the personnel committee uses the market data the personnel committee uses this survey data to develop compensation opportunities that are designed to deliver total target compensation within a targeted range of approximately the 50 th percentile of the surveyed companies in the aggregate. in most cases, the committee considers its objectives to have been met if entergy corporation's chief executive officer and the eight other executive officers (including the applicable named executive officers) who constitute the office of the chief executive each has a target compensation opportunity that falls within a targeted range of 85% - 115% of the 50 th percentile of the survey data. in general, compensation levels for an executive officer who is new to a position tend to be at the lower end of the competitive range, while seasoned executive officers with strong performance who are viewed as critical to retain would be positioned at the higher end of the competitive range. generally, differences in the levels of total direct compensation among the named executive officers are primarily driven by the scope of their responsibilities, differences in the competitive market pay range for similar positions and considerations of internal pay equity. 446 table of contents proxy peer group although the survey data described above are the primary data used in benchmarking compensation, the committee uses compensation information from the companies included in the philadelphia utility index to evaluate the overall reasonableness of entergy corporation's compensation programs and to determine relative total shareholder return for the 2017-2019 long-term performance unit program awards. companies included in the philadelphia utility index at the time the proxy data was compiled were as follows:
consolidated edison inc.            pg&e corporation dominion energy                     public service enterprise group, inc.
edison international principal executive compensation elements the following table summarizes the elements of total direct compensation
("tdc") granted or paid to the executive officers under the 2019 executive compensation programs. the programs use a mix of fixed and variable compensation elements and are designed to provide alignment with both short- and long-
term business goals through annual and long-term incentives. an executive officer's tdc is based primarily on corporate performance, market-based compensation levels and individual performance with each of these elements reviewed annually for each named executive officer.
compensation component        primary purpose                performance measured            performance period provides a base level of       experience, job scope, market base salary          (cash)   competitive cash compensation  data, individual performance    annual for executive talent.          and internal equity motivates and rewards          etr tax adjusted eps annual incentive (cash)       executives for performance on  etr adjusted operating cash     1 year key financial measures during  flow the year.
focuses the executives on long-term performance unit    growing earnings and building  relative total shareholder program                       long-term shareholder value    return                          3 years
align interests of executives with long-term shareholder value, provide competitive     stock price, job scope, market stock options (equity)        compensation, and increase     data, and individual            3 years the executives' ownership in   performance entergy corporation's common stock.
aligns interests of executives with long-term shareholder value, provides    stock price, job scope, market restricted stock (equity)     competitive compensation,      data, and individual            3 years retains executive talent and   performance increases the executives'
447 table of contents fixed compensation base salary the personnel committee determines the base salaries for all of the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive based on competitive compensation data, performance considerations, and advice provided by the committee's independent compensation consultant. for the other named executive officers, their salaries are established by their immediate supervisors using the same criteria. the base salaries of the named executive officers are considered annually as part of the performance review process, and upon a named executive officer's promotion or other change in job responsibilities.
in 2019, all of the named executive officers, other than mr. denault, received merit increases in their base salaries ranging from approximately 2.5% to 4.5%. in 2019, mr. denault did not receive a merit increase in his base salary. instead, the personnel committee increased mr. denault's tdc by increasing his annual and long-term incentive target opportunities; thus, increasing the share of his compensation that is "at risk." the increases in base salary were based on the market data previously discussed in this cd&a under "what entergy corporation pays and why." the following table sets forth the 2018 and 2019 base salaries for the named executive officers. changes in base salaries for 2019 were effective in april.
named executive officer       2018 base salary    2019 base salary a. christopher bakken, iii            $638,125            $654,078
variable compensation short-term incentive compensation annual incentive plan awards under the executive annual incentive plan, or annual incentive plan, are tied to entergy corporation's financial and operational performance through the eam, which is the performance metric used to determine the maximum funding available for awards under the plan. entergy corporation uses the following process to determine annual incentive awards:
establish performance measures to determine eam pool.annually, the personnel committee engages in a rigorous process to determine the performance measures used to determine the eam.  the personnel committee's goal is to establish measures that are consistent with entergy corporation's strategy and business objectives for
  the upcoming year, as reflected in its financial plan, and are designed to drive results that represent a high level of achievement.  these measures are approved based on a comprehensive review by the full board of entergy corporation's financial plan, conducted in december of the preceding year and updated in january to reflect key drivers of anticipated changes in performance from the preceding year.
448 table of contents establish target achievement levels.in january, after entergy corporation's financial plan is updated to
  reflect any changes from that reviewed in december, the personnel committee establishes the specific targets that must be achieved for each performance measure.  the personnel committee also seeks to assure that the targets:
  take into account changes in the business environment and specific challenges facing entergy corporation;
  reflect an appropriate balancing of the various risks and opportunities recognized at the time the targets are set; and
  are aligned with external expectations communicated to entergy corporation's shareholders.
establish named officer target opportunities.in january of each year, the personnel committee establishes the target opportunities for the members of the office of the chief executive based on its review of the competitive analysis of job-specific market data prepared by pay governance as well as the officer's role, individual performance and internal equity considerations.  for the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive (messrs. bakken, brown, denault, marsh and west), target award opportunities are established based on these factors.  for the other named executive officers, target award
  opportunities are determined based on their management level within the entergy organization.  executive management levels at entergy corporation range from ml level 1 through ml level 4 (the "ml 1-4 officers").
rainer held level 4 positions.  accordingly, their respective incentive award opportunities differ from one another based on either their management level or the external market data developed by the committee's independent compensation consultant.  the 2019 target opportunities were increased for mr. denault, mr.
marsh and mr. brown to align more closely with market data.  the target levels for the other named executive officers are comparable to the levels set for 2018.
determine the eam.after the end of the fiscal year, the finance and personnel committees jointly review
  entergy corporation's financial results and the personnel committee determines the eam, which represents the level of success in achieving the performance objectives established by the committee and determines the maximum funding level of the annual incentive plan, as a percentage of the total target opportunity.
determine annual incentive awards.to determine individual executive officer awards under the annual
  incentive plan, the personnel committee considers not only each executive's role in executing on entergy corporation's strategies and delivering the financial performance achieved, but also the individual's accountability for any challenges the company experienced during the year.
2019 targets using the process described above, in december 2018, the personnel committee decided to use etr tax adjusted eps and etr adjusted operating cash flow, with each measure weighted equally, as the performance measures for determining the 2019 eam pool. etr tax adjusted eps is based on etr adjusted eps, which is the primary earnings measure used by the company externally and the measure on which it provides annual earnings guidance, which is then adjusted to add back the effect of any significant tax items that were excluded to arrive at etr adjusted eps and to eliminate the effects, if any, of the pre-determined exclusions. etr adjusted operating cash flow is calculated based on entergy corporation's as-reported (gaap) operating cash flow, adjusted to eliminate the effect of any pre-
determined exclusions. the personnel committee determined that etr tax adjusted eps and etr adjusted operating cash flow were the appropriate metrics to use for this purpose because:
  they are based on objective financial measures that entergy corporation and its investors consider to be important in evaluating its financial performance;
  they are based on the same metrics we use for internal and external financial reporting; and
449 table of contents the personnel committee considered it appropriate to use etr tax adjusted eps, which adds back the effect of significant tax items that may have been excluded from etr adjusted eps, as the earnings measure because of the significant benefits to entergy corporation resulting from such tax items and the management effort required to achieve them. the personnel committee also considered the appropriateness of excluding the effect of each of the pre-determined exclusions from each of the financial measures. it viewed the exclusion of major storms as appropriate because although entergy corporation includes estimates for storm costs in its financial plan, it does not include estimates for a major storm event, such as a hurricane. the personnel committee considered the exclusion of any unanticipated effects of the tax reform legislation adopted at the end of 2017 to be appropriate because of the lingering uncertainty around those effects and the inability of management to impact those results.
the personnel committee approved the other exclusions from reported results - for the impact of certain legacy unresolved regulatory litigation and unanticipated unrealized gains and losses on securities held by entergy corporation's nuclear decommissioning trusts - primarily because of management's inability to influence either of the related outcomes. in determining the targets to set for 2019, the personnel committee reviewed anticipated drivers for consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow for 2019
as set forth in entergy corporation's financial plan, as well as factors driving the strong financial performance achieved in 2018. the personnel committee confirmed that the proposed plan targets for etr tax adjusted eps and etr adjusted operating cash flow reflected substantial growth in the core weather-adjusted utility earnings and consolidated operating cash flow measures underlying the annual incentive plan targets. the personnel committee also considered the potential impact of a wide range of identified risks and opportunities and confirmed that there appeared to be more downside risk than upside opportunity embedded in the financial plan targets and, as a result, the personnel committee believed that the related annual incentive plan targets reflected a reasonable degree of challenge. 2019 performance assessment the following table shows the 2019 incentive plan targets established by the personnel committee and 2019 results: annual incentive plan targets and results performance goals(1)
etr adjusted operating cash flow ($  50%      $2.650                $3.100   $3.550        $2.966
eam as % of target                               25%                  100%     200%          139%
payouts for performance between minimum and target achievement levels and between target and maximum
(1)  achievement levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation.  there is no payout for performance below the minimum achievement level.
etr tax adjusted earnings per share is a different measure than the consolidated operational earnings per
(2)  share, and etr adjusted operating cash flow is a different measure than the consolidated operational operating cash flow used to determine the 2018 annual incentive awards.  as a result, the goals and results are not comparable year over year.
in january 2020, the finance and personnel committees jointly reviewed entergy corporation's financial results against the performance objectives reflected in the table above. management discussed with the committees entergy corporation's etr tax adjusted eps and etr adjusted operating cash flow results for 2019, including primary factors explaining how those results compared to the 2019 business plan and annual incentive plan targets set in january
2019. etr tax adjusted eps exceeded entergy corporation's etr tax adjusted eps target of $5.30 per share by $1.23, but management fell short of achieving its etr adjusted operating cash flow target of $3.1 billion by approximately
$134 million, leading to a calculated eam of 139%. none of the pre-determined exclusions resulted in any adjustment to etr tax adjusted eps and etr adjusted operating cash flow. 450 table of contents in addition to the foregoing results, the personnel committee considered management's degree of success in achieving various operational and regulatory goals set out at the beginning of the year and in overcoming certain challenges that arose in the business during the course of the year. the personnel committee also considered (i) the entergy corporation's degree of success in achieving its published earnings guidance, which it exceeded by $0.10 per share at the midpoint of the original guidance range for etr adjusted eps provided at the beginning of the year and by $0.05 per share at the midpoint of the adjusted guidance range published in july 2019, and (ii) total shareholder return for
2019 in relation to the philadelphia utility index, which placed entergy corporation in the top quartile of companies in the index with a total shareholder return of 44.3% for the year. finally, the committee reviewed the impact on etr tax adjusted eps and etr adjusted operating cash flow of significant tax items that were included in the results and additional pension contributions made during the year beyond those that were required or included in the initial 2019 financial plan. following this review, the personnel committee decided to approve the eam as calculated in accordance with the plan design. to determine individual executive officer awards under the annual incentive plan for the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive, the personnel committee considered not only each executive's role in executing on entergy corporation's strategies and delivering the strong financial performance achieved in 2018, but also the individual's accountability for certain operational and regulatory challenges it experienced during the year. with these considerations in mind, the committee exercised negative discretion to determine individual awards that ranged from 135% to 137% of target for each of the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive, with the extent of the negative discretion applied varying based on the executive's specific accountabilities and accomplishments. after the eam was established to determine overall funding for the annual incentive plan, entergy corporation's chief executive officer allocated incentive award funding to individual business units based on business unit results. individual awards were determined for the remaining named executive officers who are not members of the office of the chief executive by their immediate supervisor based on the individual officer's key accountabilities, accomplishments, and performance. this resulted in payouts that ranged from 127% of target to 208% of target for the named executive officers who are not members of the office of the chief executive. based on the foregoing evaluation of management performance, the named executive officers received the following annual incentive plan payouts for 2019:
named executive officer    base salary  target as percentage of     payout as percentage of         2019 annual base salary                 target                      incentive award a. christopher bakken,        $654,078  70%                         135%                               $618,104
long-term incentive compensation long-term incentive compensation, consisting solely of equity awards in 2019, represents the largest portion of the named executive officers' compensation. entergy corporation's believes the combination of long-term incentives we employ acts in retaining the senior management team, and aligns the interests of the executive officers 451 table of contents with the interests of entergy corporation's shareholders and customers by enhancing executives' focus on the company's long-term goals. in general, entergy corporation seeks to allocate the total value of long-term incentive compensation 60% to performance units and 40% to a combination of stock options and restricted stock, equally divided in value, based on the value the compensation model seeks to deliver. awards for individual named executive officers may vary from this target as a result of individual performance, promotions, and internal pay equity. 2019 long-term incentive award mix beginning in 2019, a dollar value was established for the target long-term incentive awards for each named executive officer who is a member of the office of the chief executive. the targeted award value for these officers was determined based on market median compensation data for the officer's role, adjusted to reflect individual performance and internal equity. previously, the targets for these named executive officers were the average of the market data for the officers within a specific management level, without regard to the officer's specific job functions. in january
2019, the personnel committee approved the 2019 long-term incentive award target values for the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive. this value was then converted into the number of performance units, stock options and shares of restricted stock granted using the allocation described above based on the target grant date value. in consultation with entergy corporation's chief executive officer, the personnel committee reviews each of the other named executive officer's performance, role and responsibilities, strengths, developmental opportunities and internal equity and allocates awards of restricted stock and stock options to each of these officers based on these factors. grants of long-term performance units for these named executive officers was determined based on the average of the market data for the officers within a specific management level, without regard to the officer's specific job function. performance unit program the named executive officers are issued performance unit awards under the long-term performance unit program.
  each performance unit represents one share of entergy corporation's common stock at the end of the three-year performance period, plus dividends accrued during the performance period.
  the performance units and accrued dividends on any shares earned during the performance period are settled in shares of entergy corporation common stock.
  the personnel committee sets payout opportunities for the program at the outset of each performance period, with payouts only occurring if the performance goals are met.
payouts under this program will not be made for the 2019-2021 performance period if total shareholder return
  falls within the lowest quartile of the peer companies in the philadelphia utility index and cumulative entergy adjusted eps is below the minimum performance goal.
  all shares paid out under the long-term performance unit program are required to be retained by entergy corporation's officers until applicable executive stock ownership requirements are met.
the long-term performance unit program specifies a minimum, target and maximum achievement level, the achievement of which will determine the number of performance units that may be earned by each participant. for the 2019 - 2021
performance period, the personnel committee chose the performance measures and targets set forth below. given the economic and market conditions at the time the targets were set, the target payout level for the cumulative etr adjusted eps goal was designed to be challenging, but achievable while payout at the maximum levels was designed to require stretch performance. 452 table of contents 2019-2021 long-term performance unit performance period measures and goals (1)
performance measures(1)            long-term performance measure weight  payout minimum (25%) - bottom of 3rdquartile relative total shareholder return  80%                                   target (100%) - median percentile maximum (200%) - top quartile minimum (25%) - minus 10% of target cumulative etr adjusted eps($)     20%                                   target (100%) - 100% of target maximum (200%) - plus 10% of target
(1)  payouts for performance between achievement levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation, with no payouts for performance below the minimum achievement level for both performance measures.
performance measures total shareholder return the personnel committee chose relative total shareholder return as a performance measure because it reflects entergy corporation's creation of shareholder value relative to other electric utilities included in the
  philadelphia utility index over the performance period.  by measuring performance in relation to an industry benchmark, this measure is intended to isolate and reward management for the creation of shareholder value that is not driven by events that affect the industry as a whole.
minimum, target and maximum performance levels are determined by reference to the ranking of entergy corporation's total shareholder return in relation to the tsr of the companies in the philadelphia utility
  index. the personnel committee identified the philadelphia utility index as the appropriate industry peer group for determining relative total shareholder return because the companies included in this index, in the aggregate, are deemed to be comparable to the company in terms of business and scale.
cumulative etr adjusted eps cumulative etr adjusted eps, which adjusts entergy corporation's as reported (gaap) results to eliminate the impact of earnings or loss from entergy wholesale commodities and other non-routine items, was selected in
  2019 as a performance measure because the personnel committee wished to incentivize management to achieve steady, predictable earnings growth for the company over the 3 year performance period, and because it aligns with the earnings measure used to communicate the company's earnings expectations externally to investors.
in a manner similar to the way targets are established for the annual incentives, targets for the cumulative etr adjusted eps performance measure were established by the personnel committee after the entergy corporation board's review of entergy's financial plan for the three-year period beginning in 2019 and are consistent with the earnings expectations for the company that are communicated to investors. these targets also incorporate the pre-determined exclusions discussed previously with respect to the annual incentive
  measures.
stock options and restricted stock entergy corporation grants stock options and shares of restricted stock because they align the interests of the executive officers with long-term shareholder value, provide competitive compensation, and increase the executives' ownership in entergy corporation common stock. generally, stock options are granted with a maximum term of ten years, and vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant. the exercise price for each option granted in 2019 was $89.19, which was the closing price of entergy's common stock on the date of grant. shares of restricted stock vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, are paid dividends which are 453 table of contents reinvested in shares of entergy stock and have the ability to vote. the dividend reinvestment shares are subject to forfeiture similar to the terms of the original grant. 2019 long-term incentive awards in january 2019, the personnel committee granted the following long-term performance units, stock options and shares of restricted stock to each named executive officer. the number of long-term performance units, stock options and shares of restricted stock were determined as discussed above under "long-term incentive compensation - 2019 long-term incentive award mix."
2019-2021                        shares of named executive officer      target long-term  stock options  restricted stock performance units a. christopher bakken, iii              9,568         36,421             3,604
all of the outstanding performance units and all of the shares of restricted stock and stock options granted to the named executive officers in 2019 were granted pursuant to the 2015 equity ownership plan or 2015 equity plan. the
2015 equity plan requires both a change in control and an involuntary job loss or substantial diminution of duties
(a "double trigger") for the acceleration of these awards upon a change in control. 2019 long-term performance unit program payouts payout for the 2017-2019 long-term performance unit program period . for the 2017-2019 three-year performance period, the personnel committee chose relative total shareholder return as the performance measure with the payout subject to achievement of the following: 2017-2019 long-term performance unit program period measures and goals (1)
performance measure(1)                        minimum                         target             maximum relative total shareholder      4th quartile  bottom of 3rd quartile          median percentile  top quartile return payout                          no payout     minimum payout of 25% of        100% of target     200% of target target
(1)  payouts for performance between achievement levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation, with no payouts for performance below the minimum achievement level.
performance period in order to determine the payout to participants. the committee compared entergy corporation's total shareholder return against the total shareholder return of the companies that comprise the philadelphia utility index, with the performance measures and range of potential payouts for the 2017 - 2019 performance period as provided above. as recommended by the finance committee, the personnel committee 454 table of contents concluded that the company's relative total shareholder return for the 2017 - 2019 performance period was in the top quartile, yielding a payout of 200% of target for the named executive officers.
named executive        2017-2019 target        number of shares         value of shares         grant date fair officer                                               issued(1)      actually issued(2)                value(3)
(2)  value determined based on the closing price of entergy corporation common stock on january 17, 2020
($126.31), the date the personnel committee certified the 2017-2019 performance period results.
performance period.
(5)  as a new officer in 2018, ms. landreaux received a pro-rata target award opportunity for the 2017-2019
performance period.
455 table of contents benefits and perquisites entergy corporation's named executive officers are eligible to participate in or receive the following benefits:
entergy retirement plan- a tax-qualified final average pay defined benefit pension plan that covers a broad group of employees hired before july 1, 2014.
cash balance plan- a tax-qualified cash balance defined benefit pension plan that covers a broad group of employees hired on or after july 1, 2014.
pension equalization plan- a non-qualified pension restoration plan for a select group of management or highly compensated employees who participate in the entergy retirement plan.
cash balance equalization plan- a non-qualified restoration plan for a select group of management or highly compensated employees who participate in the cash balance plan.
system executive retirement plan- a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan for individuals who became executive officers before july 1, 2014.
plan type                  see "2019 pension benefits" for additional information regarding the operation of retirement plans           the plans described above.
savings plan               entergy corporation-sponsored 401(k) savings plan that covers a broad group of employees.
medical, dental, and vision coverage, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, business travel accident insurance, and long-term disability insurance.
health & welfare benefits  eligibility, coverage levels, potential employee contributions, and other plan design features are the same for the named executive officers as for the broad employee population.
corporate aircraft usage, annual mandatory physical exams, relocation assistance, and event tickets.  the named executive offices who are members of the office of the chief executive do not receive tax gross ups on any benefits, except for relocation
2019 perquisites           assistance.named executive officers who are not members of the office of the chief executive also were provided in 2019 with club dues and tax gross up payments on some perquisites.for additional information regarding perquisites, see the "all other compensation" column in the 2019 summary compensation table.
the named executive officers are eligible to defer up to 100% of their base salary deferred compensation      and annual incentive plan awards into the entergy corporation sponsored executive deferred compensation plan.
eligible individuals who become disabled under the terms of the plan are eligible executive disability plan  for 65% of the difference between their annual base salary and $276,923 (i.e. the annual base salary that produces the maximum $15,000 monthly disability payment under the general long-term disability plan).
entergy corporation provides these benefits to the named executive officers as part of its effort to provide a competitive executive compensation program and because it believes that these benefits are important retention and recruitment tools since many of the companies with which it competes for executive talent provide similar arrangements to their senior executive officers. 456 table of contents severance and other compensation arrangements the personnel committee believes that retention and transitional compensation arrangements are an important part of overall compensation as they help to secure the continued employment and dedication of the named executive officers, notwithstanding any concern that they might have at the time of a change in control regarding their own continued employment. in addition, the personnel committee believes that these arrangements are important as recruitment and retention devices, as many of the companies with which entergy corporation competes for executive talent have similar arrangements in place for their senior employees. to achieve these objectives, entergy corporation has established a system executive continuity plan under which ml 1-4 officers are entitled to receive "change in control" payments and benefits if such officer's employment is involuntarily terminated in connection with a change in control of entergy corporation and its subsidiaries. entergy corporation strives to ensure that the benefits and payment levels under the system executive continuity plan are consistent with market practices. entergy corporation's executive officers, including the named executive officers, are not entitled to any tax gross up payments on any severance benefits received under this plan. for more information regarding the system executive continuity plan, see "2019 potential payments upon termination or change in control." in certain cases, the personnel committee may approve the execution of a retention agreement with an individual executive officer. these decisions are made on a case by case basis to reflect specific retention needs or other factors, including market practice. if a retention agreement is entered into with an individual officer, the committee considers the economic value associated with that agreement in making overall compensation decisions for that officer. mr. ellis in connection with the commencement of his employment as president, entergy new orleans, mr.
ellis was eligible for certain relocation benefits pursuant to entergy corporation's relocation assistance policy, including assistance with moving expenses, transportation of household goods and assistance with the sale of his home. mr. ellis also received a sign-on bonus of $200,000 when he assumed this role. mr. ellis's sign-on bonus and certain of his relocation benefits are subject to forfeiture under certain circumstances if mr. ellis's employment is terminated within 24 months of the commencement of his employment. also, in accordance with the terms of the long-term performance unit program in january 2019, mr. ellis received pro-rated target award opportunities for the
2017-2019 and 2018-2020 performance periods. nuclear retention plan mr. bakken participates in the nuclear retention plan, a retention plan for officers and other leaders with expertise in the nuclear industry. the personnel committee authorized this plan to attract and retain key management and employee talent in the nuclear power field, a field that requires unique technical and other expertise that is in great demand in the utility industry. the plan provides for bonuses to be paid annually over a three-year service period with the bonus opportunity dependent on the participant's management level and continued employment. each annual payment is equal to an amount ranging from 15% to 30% of the employee's base salary as of their date of enrollment in the plan. mr.
bakken's participation in the plan commenced in may 2016, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the plan, in may 2017, 2018 and 2019, mr. bakken received a cash bonus equal to $181,500 or 30% of his may 1, 2016 base salary. this plan does not provide for accelerated or prorated payout upon termination of any kind. compensation policies and practices entergy corporation strives to ensure that its compensation philosophy and practices are in line with the best practices of companies in its industry as well as other companies in the s&p 500. some of these practices include the following: 457 table of contents clawback provisions entergy corporation has adopted a clawback policy that covers all individuals subject to section 16 of the exchange act, including the members of the office of the chief executive. under the policy, which goes beyond the requirements of sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
(sarbanes-oxley), the personnel committee will require reimbursement of incentives paid to these executive officers where:
(i) the payment was predicated upon the achievement of certain financial results with respect to the applicable performance period that were subsequently determined to be the subject of a material restatement
  other than a restatement due to changes in accounting policy; or (ii) a material miscalculation of a performance award occurs, whether or not the financial statements were restated and, in either such case, a lower payment would have been made to the executive officer based upon the restated financial results or correct calculation; or in the board of directors' view, the executive officer engaged in fraud that caused or partially caused the
  need for a restatement or caused a material miscalculation of a performance award, in each case, whether or not the financial statements were restated.
the amount the personnel committee requires to be reimbursed is equal to the excess of the gross incentive payment made over the gross payment that would have been made if the original payment had been determined based on the restated financial results or correct calculation. further, following a material restatement of entergy corporation's financial statements, entergy corporation will seek to recover any compensation received by entergy corporation's chief executive officer and chief financial officer that is required to be reimbursed under sarbanes-
oxley. stock ownership guidelines and share retention requirements for many years, entergy corporation has had stock ownership guidelines for executives, including the named executive officers. these guidelines are designed to align the executives' long-term financial interests with the interests of entergy corporation's shareholders.
annually, the personnel committee monitors the executive officers' compliance with these guidelines. the ownership guidelines are as follows:
role                       value of common stock to be owned chief executive officer    6 times base salary executive vice presidents  3 times base salary senior vice presidents     2 times base salary vice presidents            1 time base salary further, to facilitate compliance with the guidelines, until an executive officer satisfies the stock ownership guidelines, the officer must retain:
  all net after-tax shares paid out under the long-term performance unit program;
  all net after-tax shares of the restricted stock and restricted stock units received upon vesting; and
  at least 75% of the after-tax net shares received upon the exercise of entergy corporation stock options.
trading controls executive officers, including the named executive officers, are required to receive permission from entergy corporation's general counsel or his designee prior to entering into any transaction involving entergy corporation securities, including gifts, other than the exercise of employee stock options. trading is generally permitted only during specified open trading windows beginning shortly after the release of earnings. employees, who are subject to trading restrictions, including the named executive officers, may enter into trading plans under rule 10b5-1 of the exchange act, but these trading plans may be entered into only during an open trading window and must be approved by entergy corporation. the named executive officer bears full responsibility if he or she violates entergy corporation's policy by buying or selling shares of entergy corporation stock without pre-approval or when trading is restricted. 458 table of contents entergy corporation also prohibits directors and executive officers, including the named executive officers, from pledging any entergy corporation securities or entering into margin accounts involving entergy corporation securities. entergy corporation prohibits these transactions because of the potential that sales of entergy corporation securities could occur outside trading periods and without the required approval of the general counsel. entergy corporation also has adopted an anti-hedging policy that prohibits officers, directors, and employees from entering into hedging or monetization transactions involving entergy corporation's common stock. prohibited transactions include, without limitation, zero-cost collars, forward sale contracts, purchase or sale of options, puts, calls, straddles or equity swaps or other derivatives that are directly linked to entergy corporation's stock or transactions involving "short-sales" of its common stock. the board adopted this policy to require officers, directors, and employees to continue to own entergy corporation stock with the full risks and rewards of ownership, thereby ensuring continued alignment of their objectives with those of entergy corporation's other shareholders. how entergy corporation makes compensation decisions the personnel committee oversees entergy corporation's executive compensation programs and policies with the advice of its independent compensation consultant and support from its management team. 459 table of contents the personnel committee is responsible for the review and personnel committee                                                         approval of all aspects of entergy corporation's executive compensation programs.
                                      approving the compensation for all members of the office of chief executive, including:
annual review of the compensation elements and mix of elements for the following year;
annual review and approval of incentive program design, goals and objectives for alignment with entergy corporation's compensation and business strategies;
evaluation of entergy corporation and individual performance results in light of these goals and objectives;
evaluation of the competitiveness of each executive officer's total compensation package;
approval of any changes to the officers' compensation, including but not limited to, base salary, annual and long-term incentive award opportunities, and retention programs;
evaluation of the performance of entergy corporation's chairman and chief executive officer; and reporting, at least annually, to the board on succession planning.
                                      compensation, determine the nature and scope of its services, evaluate its performance and terminate its engagement.
the ceo and chief human resources officer work closely with the personnel committee in managing the management                                                                  executive compensation programs and attend meetings of the personnel committee.  during 2019, mr.
denault attended 8 meetings of the personnel committee.
                                      committee regarding compensation for executive officers other than himself.
regularly attended meetings of the committee;
conducted studies of competitive compensation practices;
identified entergy corporation's market surveys and proxy peer group;
provided updates on executive compensation trends and regulatory developments;
reviewed base salary, annual incentives and long-term incentive compensation opportunities relative to competitive practices; and developed conclusions and recommendations related to entergy corporation's executive compensation programs for consideration by the committee.
compensation consultant independence to maintain the independence of the personnel committee's compensation consultant, the board has adopted a policy that any consultant (including its affiliates) retained by the board of directors or any committee of the board of directors to provide advice or recommendations on the amount or form of executive or director compensation should not be retained by entergy corporation or any of its affiliates to provide other services in an aggregate amount that exceeds $120,000 in any year. pay governance, which serves as the personnel committee's compensation consultant, did not provide any services to management in 2019. 460 table of contents annually, the personnel committee reviews the relationship with its compensation consultant, including services provided, quality of those services, and fees associated with services in its evaluation of the compensation consultant's independence. the committee also assesses pay governance's independence under nyse rules and has concluded that no conflicts of interest exist that would prevent pay governance from independently advising the personnel committee. personnel committee report the personnel committee report included in the entergy corporation proxy statement is incorporated by reference, but will not be deemed to be "filed" in this annual report on form 10-k. none of the registrant subsidiaries has a compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent functions. the board of directors of each of the registrant subsidiaries is comprised of individuals who are officers or employees of entergy corporation or one of the registrant subsidiaries. these boards do not make determinations regarding the compensation paid to executive officers of the registrant subsidiaries. 461 table of contents executive compensation tables 2019 summary compensation tables the following table summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each of the named executive officers for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019, and to the extent required by sec executive compensation disclosure rules, the fiscal years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017. for information on the principal positions held by each of the named executive officers, see item 10, "directors, executive officers, and corporate governance of the registrants." the compensation set forth in the table represents the aggregate compensation paid by all entergy system companies. for additional information regarding the material terms of the awards reported in the following tables, including a general description of the formula or criteria to be applied in determining the amounts payable, see "compensation discussion and analysis."
(a)          -b          -c          -d          -e          -f          -g          -h          -i          -j change in name                                                               non-equ...     pension and                                           stock      option    incenti...       value princi...    year      salary       bonus      awards      awards        plan         and    allothe...       total positi...                 (2)         (3)         (4)         (5)    compen-...    non-qua...         (8)
and chief nuclear officer    2017    $615,791    $181,500    $959,376    $245,904    $559,973     $33,000    $114,494    $2,710,...
of entergy corp.
and general counsel of         2017    $622,788          $-    $1,022,...    $287,760    $568,890    $1,217,...     $43,269    $3,762,...
of the board and ceo    2017    $1,221,...          $-    $4,676,...    $1,173,...    $2,142,...    $3,819,...    $125,863    $13,158...
462 table of contents
(a)          -b          -c    -d              -e          -f          -g           -h          -i           -j change in name                                                             non-equ...      pension and                                         stock      option    incenti...    value and princi...    year      salary    bonus       awards      awards        plan    non-qual...    allothe...        total positi...                 (2)    (3)            (4)         (5)    compen-...     deferred
of entergy corp.
(1)  mr. ellis was named chief executive officer, entergy new orleans in december 2018, and ms. landreaux was named chief executive officer, entergy arkansas in july 2018.
the amounts in column (c) represent the actual base salary paid to the named executive officers in the
(2)  applicable year.  the 2019 changes in base salaries noted in the compensation discussion and analysis were effective in april 2019.
(3)  pursuant to the nuclear retention plan.  see "nuclear retention plan" in compensation discussion and analysis.  the amount in column (d) in 2018 for mr. ellis represents a cash sign-on bonus paid in connection with his commencement of employment with entergy new orleans.
the amounts in column (e) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock and performance units granted under the 2015 equity plan, each calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic
718, without taking into account estimated forfeitures.  the grant date fair value of the restricted stock is based on the closing price of entergy corporation common stock on the date of grant.  the grant date fair value of the portion of the performance units with vesting based on the total shareholder return was measured using a monte carlo simulation valuation model.  the simulation model applies a risk-free
(4)  interest rate and an expected volatility assumption.  the risk-free interest rate is assumed to equal the yield on a three-year treasury bond on the grant date.  volatility is based on historical volatility for the 36-month period preceding the grant date.  the performance units in the table are also valued based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance condition at the time of grant.  the maximum value of shares that will be received if the highest achievement level is attained with respect to both the total shareholder return and cumulative etr adjusted eps, for performance units granted in 2019 are as follows:
463 table of contents fisackerly, $296,003; ms. landreaux $296,003; mr. marsh, $2,422,938; mr. may, $438,901; ms.
the amounts in column (f) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted under the
(5)  2015 equity plan calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic 718.  for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in valuing these awards, see note 12 to the financial statements.
(6)  the amounts in column (g) represent cash payments made under the annual incentive plan.
for all named executive officers, the amounts in column (h) include the annual actuarial increase in the present value of these named executive officers' benefits under all pension plans established by entergy corporation using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in entergy corporation's financial statements and include amounts which the named executive officers may not currently be entitled to receive because such amounts are not vested (see "2019 pension benefits").  the
(7)  increase in pension benefits for all of the named executive officers in 2019 was driven by a decline in the discount rate that was a result of the decrease in prevailing interest rates.  none of the increases for any of the named executive officers is attributable to above-market or preferential earnings on non-qualified deferred compensation.  for 2018, the aggregate change in the actuarial present value was a decrease of pension benefits of $52,000 for mr. fisackerly, $163,000 for mr. marsh, $700 for mr. may,
the amounts in column (i) for 2019 include (a) matching contributions by entergy corporation under the savings plan to each of the named executive officers; (b) dividends paid on restricted stock when vested;
named                 company        dividends                                          perquisites executive        contribution          paid on    life insurance     tax gross up         and other       total officer             - savings       restricted           premium         payments      compensation plan            stock a.
west perquisites and other compensation the amounts set forth in column (i) also include perquisites and other personal benefits that entergy corporation provides to its named executive officers as part of providing a competitive executive compensation programs and for employee retention. the following perquisites were provided to the named executive officers in 2019. 464 table of contents named executive         relocation  personal use of           club dues  executive physical       event tickets officer                             corporate aircraft                   exams a. christopher bakken,              x                                    x iii marcus v. brown                                                          x leo p. denault                      x                                    x david d. ellis          x haley r. fisackerly                                           x laura r. landreaux                                            x                                   x andrew s. marsh                     x                                    x phillip r. may, jr.                                                                               x sallie t. rainer                                              x roderick k. west                    x                                    x for security and business reasons, entergy corporation's chief executive officer is permitted to use its corporate aircraft for personal use at the expense of entergy corporation. the other named executive officers may use the corporate aircraft for personal travel subject to the approval of entergy corporation's chief executive officer.
the personnel committee reviews the level of usage throughout the year. entergy corporation believes that its officers' ability to use its plane for limited personal use saves time and provides additional security for them, thereby benefiting entergy corporation. the amounts included in column (i) for the personal use of corporate aircraft, reflect the incremental cost to entergy corporation for use of the corporate aircraft, determined on the basis of the variable operational costs of each flight, including fuel, maintenance, flight crew travel expense, catering, communications, and fees, including flight planning, ground handling, and landing permits. the aggregate incremental aircraft usage cost associated with mr. denault's personal use of the corporate aircraft was $56,108
for fiscal year 2019. in addition, entergy corporation offers its executives comprehensive annual physical exams at entergy corporation's expense. tickets to cultural and sporting events are purchased for business purposes, and if not utilized for business purposes, the tickets are made available to the employees, including the named executive officers, for personal use. none of the other perquisites referenced above exceeded $25,000 for any of the other named executive officers. 465 table of contents 2019 grants of plan-based awards the following table summarizes award grants during 2019 to the named executive officers.
na...    date    thr...  tar...  max...          thr...        tar...        max...          of            nu...    pri...     of sha...          of       of    st...
of            se...    opt...    and sto...          un...    awa...    op...
466 table of contents est...                est...
na...    date    thr...  tar...  max...          thr...        tar...        max...          of           num...    pr...      of sha...         of       of    sto...
of           sec...    op...     and sto...         und...    aw...    opt...
the amounts in columns (c), (d), and (e) represent minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the
(1)  annual incentive plan.  the actual amounts awarded are reported in column (g) of the summary compensation table.
the amounts in columns (f), (g), and (h) represent the minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the long-term performance unit program.  performance under the program is measured by entergy corporation's total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder returns of the companies included in the philadelphia utility index and cumulative entergy adjusted eps with total shareholder return
(2)  weighted eighty percent and cumulative entergy adjusted eps weighted twenty percent. there is no payout under the program if entergy corporation's total shareholder return falls within the lowest quartile of the peer companies in the philadelphia utility index and cumulative entergy adjusted eps is below the minimum performance goal.  subject to the achievement of performance targets, each unit will be converted into one share of entergy corporation's common stock on the last day of the performance period (december
the amounts in column (i) represent shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 equity plan.  shares
(3)  of restricted stock vest one-third on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date, have voting rights, and accrue dividends during the vesting period.
the amounts in column (j) represent options to purchase shares of entergy corporation's common stock.  the
(4)  options vest one-third on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date and have a ten-year term from the date of grant.  the options were granted under the 2015 equity plan.
the amounts in column (l) are valued based on the aggregate grant date fair value of the award calculated
(5)  in accordance with fasb asc topic 718 and, in the case of the performance units, are based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance conditions.  see notes 4 and 5 to the 2019 summary compensation table for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value.
467 table of contents 2019 outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end the following table summarizes, for each named executive officer, unexercised options, restricted stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards outstanding as of december 31, 2019.
ince...      plan market    plan     award...
equity                        number           value    awar...    market incen...                        of                  of    numb...        or number            number    plan                          shares          shares    of       payout of                of        award...                        or                  or    unea...     value secur...            secur...    number    option    option    units            units    shar...        of name        under...            under...    of        exerc...    expir...    of                  of    units    unear...
optio...            optio...    under...                        that              that    other     units exerc...            unexe...    unexe...                        have              have    righ...        or unear...                        not                not    that      other optio...                        vested          vested    have     rights not        that vest...      have not vested
468 table of contents option                                                         stock awards                                                         awar...
ince...      plan market    plan     award...
equi...                       number          value    awar...    market ince...                       of                 of    numb...        or number           number    plan                        shares         shares    of       payout of               of        awar...                       or                 or    unea...     value secur...           secur...    numb...    option    opti...    units           units    shar...        of name            under...           under...    of       exerc...    expi...    of                 of    units    unear...
469 table of contents opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
470 table of contents opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
(1)  consists of options granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested or will vest as follows: 1/3 of the options granted vest on each of january 31, 2020, january 31, 2021 and january 31, 2022.
(2)  consists of options granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested or will vest as follows: 1/2 of the remaining unexercisable options vest on each of january 25, 2020 and january 25, 2021.
(3)  consists of options granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested on january 26, 2020.
consists of performance units granted under the 2015 equity plan that will vest on december 31, 2021 based on two performance measures: 1) entergy corporation's total shareholder return performance over the
(4)  2019-2021 performance period and 2) cumulative entergy adjusted eps with total shareholder return weighted eighty percent and cumulative entergy adjusted eps weighted twenty percent, as described under "what entergy corporation pays and why - principal executive compensation elements - variable compensation -
long-term incentive compensation - performance unit program" in the compensation discussion and analysis.
consists of performance units granted under the 2015 equity plan that will vest on december 31, 2020 based
(5)  on two performance measures: 1) entergy corporation's total shareholder return performance over the
2018-2020 performance period and 2) cumulative utility, parent and other adjusted eps with each performance measure weighted equally.
consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested or will vest as
(6)  follows:  1/3 of the shares of restricted stock granted vest on each of january 31, 2020, january 31,
consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested or will vest as
(7)  follows:  1/2 of the shares of restricted stock granted vest on each of january 25, 2020 and january 25,
(8)  consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested on january 26, 2020.
(9)  consists of restricted stock units granted under the 2015 equity plan which will vest on august 3, 2020.
(10)  consists of restricted stock units granted under the 2015 equity plan which will vest 1/2 on each of april 6, 2022 and april 6, 2025.
471 table of contents 2019 option exercises and stock vested the following table provides information concerning each exercise of stock options and each vesting of stock during 2019 for the named executive officers.
(a)                         -b                               -c             -d                               -e number of shares     value realized             number of shares     value realized name                        acquired on             on exercise             acquired on           on vesting(1)
west represents the value of performance units for the 2017-2019 performance period (payable solely in shares
(1)  based on the closing stock price of entergy corporation on the date of vesting) under the performance unit program and the vesting of shares of restricted stock in 2019.
472 table of contents 2019 pension benefits the following table shows the present value as of december 31, 2019, of accumulated benefits payable to each of the named executive officers, including the number of years of service credited to each named executive officer, under the retirement plans sponsored by entergy corporation, determined using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions set forth in note 11 to the financial statements. additional information regarding these retirement plans follows this table.
number of years         present value of    payments during name                 plan name                    credited service             accumulated    2019
benefit a. christopher       cash balance           3.74                                  $196,900    $-
marcus v.            system executive      24.74                                $6,368,400    $-
plan leo p.               system executive      35.83                               $26,526,500    $-
haley r.             system executive      24.08                                $1,728,000    $-
plan andrew s. marsh      system executive      21.37                                $4,694,700    $-
plan phillip r. may,      system executive      33.56                                $2,964,100    $-
plan sallie t.            system executive      35.38                                $1,511,300    $-
plan roderick k. west     system executive      20.75                                $5,892,400    $-
(1)  as of december 31, 2019, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, and ms. rainer were retirement eligible.
in 2006, mr. denault entered into a retention agreement granting him an additional 15 years of service and permission to retire under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan in the event his employment is terminated by his entergy employer other than for cause (as defined in the retention agreement), by mr.
(2)  denault for good reason (as defined in the retention agreement), or on account of his death or disability.
his retention agreement also provides that if he terminates employment for any other reason, he shall be entitled to the additional 15 years of service under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan only if his entergy employer grants him permission to retire.  the additional 15 years of service increases the present value of his benefit by $3,887,900.
service under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan is granted from the date of hire.
(3)  service under the qualified entergy retirement plan is granted from the later of the date of hire or the plan participation date.
473 table of contents retirement benefits the tables below contain summaries of the pension benefit plans sponsored by entergy corporation that the named executive officers participated in during 2019. benefits for the named executive officers who participate in these plans are determined using the same formulas as for other eligible employees. qualified retirement benefits entergy retirement plan        cash balance plan marcus v. brown      phillip r. may, jr.            a. christopher bakken, iii haley r. fisackerly  sallie t. rainer               david d. ellis eligible named executive      leo p. denault       roderick k. west               non-bargaining employees officers                      andrew s. marsh      non-bargaining employees       hired on or after july 1, eligibility                   laura r. landreaux   hired before july 1, 2014      2014
a participant becomes vested   a participant becomes vested in the entergy retirement      in the cash balance plan upon plan upon attainment of at     attainment of at least 3
vesting                                            least 5 years of vesting       years of vesting service or service or upon attainment of  upon attainment of age 65
age 65 while actively          while actively employed by an employed by an entergy system  entergy system company.
benefits are payable as an annuity. for employees who separate from service on or    benefits are payable as an form of payment upon                               after january 1, 2018, a       annuity or single lump sum retirement                                         single lump sum distribution   distribution.
the normal retirement benefit at age 65 is determined by converting the sum of an employee's annual pay credits benefits are calculated as a   and his or her annual single life annuity payable    interest credits, into an at age 65 and generally are    actuarially equivalent equal to 1.5% of a             annuity.
monthly earnings (fame)        of an employee's eligible multiplied by years of         earnings are allocated service (not to exceed 40).    annually to a notional
"earnings" for the purpose of  account for the employee calculating fame generally     based on an employee's age includes the employee's base   and years of service.
salary and eligible annual     earnings for purposes of incentive awards subject to    calculating an employee's pay internal revenue code          credit include the employee's retirement benefit formula                         limitations, and excludes all  base salary and annual other bonuses.  executive      incentive awards subject to annual incentive awards are    internal revenue code not eligible for inclusion in  limitations and exclude all earnings under this plan.      other bonuses. executive fame is calculated using the   annual incentive awards are employee's average monthly     eligible for inclusion in earnings for the 60            earnings under this plan.
consecutive months in which    interest credits are the employee's earnings were   calculated based upon the highest during the 120 month   annual rate of interest on period immediately preceding   30-year u.s. treasury the employee's retirement and  securities, as specified by includes up to 5 eligible      the internal revenue service, annual incentive awards paid   for the month of august during the 60 month period.    preceding the first day of the applicable calendar year subject to a minimum rate of
2.6% and a maximum rate of
474 table of contents normal retirement age under the plan is 65.
a reduced terminated vested benefit may be commenced as early as age 55. the amount of this benefit is determined by reducing the     normal retirement age under the plan is 65.
normal retirement benefit by 7% per year for   a vested cash balance benefit can be commenced the first 5 years commencement precedes age    as early as the first day of the month
65, and 6% per year for each additional year   following separation from service.  the amount benefit timing    commencement precedes age 65.                  of the benefit is determined in the same a subsidized early retirement benefit may be   manner as the normal retirement benefit commenced by employees who are at least age    described above in the "retirement benefit
55 with 10 years of service at the time they   formula" section.
separate from service. the amount of this benefit is determined by reducing the normal retirement benefit by 2% per year for each year that early retirement precedes age 65.
non-qualified retirement benefits the named executive officers are eligible to participate in certain non-qualified retirement benefit plans that provide retirement income, including the pension equalization plan, the cash balance equalization plan, and the system executive retirement plan. each of these plans is an unfunded non-qualified defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to key management employees. in these plans, as described below, an executive may participate in one or more non-qualified plans, but is only paid the amount due under the plan that provides the highest benefit. in general, upon disability, participants in the pension equalization plan and the system executive retirement plan remain eligible for continued service credits until the earlier of recovery, separation from service due to disability, or retirement eligibility. generally, spouses of participants who die before commencement of benefits may be eligible for a portion of the participant's accrued benefit. 475
table of contents pension equalization plan  cash balance phillip r. may,    equalization plan                     system executive jr.                a. christopher                        retirement plan sallie t. rainer   bakken, iii                           phillip r. may, roderick k. west   david d. ellis                        jr.
marcus v. brown    management or      management or                         sallie t. rainer haley r.           highly             highly                                roderick k. west fisackerly         compensated        compensated        marcus v. brown    certain eligible named    leo p. denault     employees who      employees who      haley r.           individuals who executive         laura r.           participate in     participate in     fisackerly         became executive officers          landreaux          the entergy        the cash balance   leo p. denault     officers before eligibility       andrew s. marsh    retirement plan    plan               andrew s. marsh    july 1, 2014
form of payment                      single lump sum    single lump sum                       single lump sum upon retirement                      distribution       distribution                          distribution benefits                                                 benefits generally are                                            generally are equal to the                                             equal to the actuarial present                                        actuarial present value of the                                             value of a difference                                               specified between (1) the                                          percentage, based amount that would                                        on the have been payable  benefits                              participant's as an annuity      generally are                         years of service under the entergy  equal to the                          (including retirement plan,   difference                            supplemental including          between the                           service granted executive annual   amount that would                     under the plan)
incentive awards   have been payable                     and management as eligible        as a lump sum                         level of the earnings and       under the cash                        participant's without applying   balance plan, but                     "final average limitations of     for the code                          monthly retirement                           the internal       limitations on                        compensation"
benefit formula                      revenue code of    pension benefits                      (which is
(the "code") on    may be considered                     of the sum of the pension benefits   in calculating                        participant's and earnings that  tax-qualified                         base salary and may be considered  cash balance plan                     annual incentive in calculating     benefits, and the                     plan award for tax-qualified      amount actually                       the 3 highest pension benefits,  payable as a lump                     years during the and (2) the        sum under the                         last 10 years amount actually    cash balance                          preceding payable an         plan.                                 separation from annuity under the                                        service), after entergy                                                  first being retirement plan.                                         reduced by the executive annual                                         value of the incentive awards                                         participant's are taken into                                           entergy account as                                               retirement plan eligible earnings                                        benefit.
under this plan.
benefits payable prior to age 65
or early                                                 prior to age 65, retirement                                               vesting is reduction factors                                        conditioned on as benefits                                              the prior written payable under the                                        consent of the entergy                                                  officer's entergy retirement plan                                          employer.
as described                                             benefits payable above.                                                   prior to age 65
an employee with                                         are subject to supplemental                                             the same reduced credited service   payable upon                          terminated vested who terminates     separation from                       or subsidized employment prior   service subject                       early retirement benefit timing                       to age 65 must     to 6 month delay                      reduction factors receive prior      required under                        as benefits written consent    the code section                      payable under the of the entergy     409a.                                 entergy employer in order                                        retirement plan to receive the                                           as described portion of their                                         above.
benefit                                                  benefits payable attributable to                                          upon separation their                                                    from service supplemental                                             subject to the 6
credited service                                         month delay agreement.                                               required under benefits payable                                         internal revenue upon separation                                          code section from service                                             409a.
month delay required under the code section
476 table of contents additional information effective july 1, 2014, (a) no new grants of supplemental service may be provided to participants in the pension equalization plan; (b) supplemental credited service granted prior to july 1, 2014 was
benefits accrued under the system executive retirement plan, pension equalization plan, and cash balance equalization plan, if any, will become fully vested if a participant is involuntarily terminated without
(2)  cause or terminates his or her employment for good reason in connection with a change in control with payment generally made in a lump-sum payment as soon as reasonably practicable following the first day of the month after the termination of employment, unless delayed 6 months under internal revenue code section
(3)  the system executive retirement plan was closed to new executive officers effective july 1, 2014.
2019 non-qualified deferred compensation as of december 31, 2019, mr. may had a deferred account balance under a frozen defined contribution restoration plan. the amount is deemed invested, as chosen by mr. may, in certain t.
rowe price investment funds that are also available to the participant under the savings plan. mr. may has elected to receive the deferred account balance after he retires. the defined contribution restoration plan, until it was frozen in 2005, credited eligible employees' deferral accounts with employer contributions to the extent contributions under the qualified savings plan in which the employee participated were subject to limitations imposed by the internal revenue code. defined contribution restoration plan executive          registrant                aggregate                              aggregate name              contributions      contributions in        earnings in    aggregate                balance at in 2019            2019                        2019(1)    withdrawals/dis...       december 31,
2019 potential payments upon termination or change in control entergy corporation has plans and other arrangements that provide compensation to a named executive officer if his or her employment terminates under specified conditions, including following a change in control of entergy corporation or its subsidiaries. change in control under entergy corporation's system executive continuity plan (the "continuity plan"), ml 1-4 officers are eligible to receive the severance benefits described below if their employment is terminated by their entergy system employer other than for cause or if they terminate their employment for good reason during a period beginning with a potential change in control and ending 24 months following the effective date of a change in control (a
"qualifying termination"). a participant will not be eligible for benefits under the continuity plan if such participant: accepts employment with entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; elects to receive the benefits of another severance or separation program; removes, copies or fails to return any property belonging to entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries or violates his or her non-compete provision (which generally runs for two years but extends to three years if permissible under applicable law). entergy corporation does not have any plans or agreements that provide for payments or benefits to any of the named executive officers solely upon a change in control. 477 table of contents in the event of a qualifying termination, executive officers, including the named executive officers, generally will receive the benefits set forth below:
compensation element  payment a lump sum severance payment equal to a multiple of the sum of:  (a) the participant's annual base salary as in effect at any time within one year prior to the commencement of severance*            a change of control period or, if higher, immediately prior to a circumstance constituting good reason, plus (b) the participant's annual incentive, calculated using the average annual target opportunity derived under the annual incentive plan for the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which termination occurs.
participants will forfeit outstanding performance units, and in lieu of any payment for any outstanding performance period, will receive a single-lump sum payment calculated by performance units     multiplying the target performance units for the most recent performance period preceding
(but not including) the calendar year in which termination occurs by the closing price of entergy's common stock as of the later of the date of such termination or the date of the change in control.
all unvested stock options, shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units will equity awards         vest immediately upon a "double trigger" qualifying termination pursuant to the terms of the equity ownership plan.
retirement benefits   benefits already accrued under the system executive retirement plan, pension equalization plan and cash balance equalization plan, if any, will become fully vested.
welfare benefits      participants who are not retirement-eligible would be eligible to receive entergy-subsidized cobra benefits for a period ranging from 12 to 18 months.
cash severance payments are capped at 2.99 times the sum of (a) an executive's annual base salary plus (b)
the higher of his or her actual annual incentive payment under the annual incentive plan or his or her
*  annual incentive, calculated using the average annual target opportunity derived under the annual incentive plan for the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which termination occurs.  any cash severance payments to be paid under the continuity plan in excess of this cap will be forfeited by the participant.
to protect shareholders and entergy corporation's business model, executives are required to comply with non-
compete, non-solicitation, confidentiality and non-denigration provisions. if an executive discloses non-public data or information concerning entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries or violates his or her non-compete provision, he or she will be required to repay any benefits previously received under the continuity plan. for purposes of the continuity plan the following events are generally defined as:
change in control: (a) the purchase of 30% or more of either entergy corporation's common stock or the combined voting power of entergy corporation's voting securities; (b) the merger or consolidation of entergy corporation (unless its board members constitute at least a majority of the board members of the surviving entity); (c) the liquidation, dissolution or sale of all or substantially all of entergy corporation's assets; or (d) a change in the composition of entergy corporation's board such that, during any two-year period, the individuals serving at the beginning of the period no longer constitute a majority of entergy
  corporation's board at the end of the period.
potential change in control: (a) entergy corporation or an affiliate enters into an agreement the consummation of which would constitute a change in control; (b) the entergy corporation board adopts resolutions determining that, for purposes of the continuity plan, a potential change in control has
  occurred; (c) a system company or other person or entity publicly announces an intention to take actions that would constitute a change in control; or (d) any person or entity becomes the beneficial owner
(directly or indirectly) of entergy corporation's outstanding shares of common stock constituting 20% or more of the voting power or value of the entergy corporation's outstanding common stock.
478 table of contents cause:the participant's (a) willful and continuous failure to perform substantially his or her  duties after written demand for performance; (b) engagement in conduct that is materially injurious to entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; (c) conviction or guilty or nolo contendere plea to a felony or
  other crime that materially and adversely affects either his or her ability to perform his or her duties or entergy corporation's reputation;  (d) material violation of any agreement with entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; or (e) disclosure of any of entergy corporation's confidential information without authorization.
good reason: the participant's (a) nature or status of duties and responsibilities is substantially altered or reduced; (b) salary is reduced by 5% or more; (c) primary work location is relocated outside the
benefits or number of vacation days are substantially reduced; or (f) employment is terminated by an entergy employer for reasons other than in accordance with the continuity plan.
other termination events for termination events, other than in connection with a change in control, the executive officers, including the named executive officers, generally will receive the benefits set forth below:
termination                         compensation event                               element severance         annual incentive  stock options      restricted stock    performance units unvested options are forfeited.
vested options expire on the voluntary                                              earlier of (i) 90
day of active employment and
termination for   none              forfeited          forfeited           forfeited          forfeited cause unvested stock                         officers with a options vest on                        minimum of 12
the retirement                         months of pro-rated based    date and expire on                     participation are on number of days  the earlier of (i)                     eligible for a retirement        none              employed during    five years from     forfeited          pro-rated award the performance    the                                    based on actual period             retirement date                        performance and and (ii) the                           full months of option's normal                        service during expiration date.                       the performance period unvested stock                         officers are options vest on                        eligible for pro-rated based    the termination                        pro-rated award on number of days  date and expire on                     based on actual death/disability  none              employed during    the earlier of (i)  fully vest         performance and the performance    five years from                        full months of period             the termination                        service during date and (ii) the                      the performance option's normal                        period expiration date
*  if an officer resigns after the completion of an annual incentive plan, he or she may receive, at the company's discretion, an annual incentive payment.
if an officer resigns after the completion of a long-term performance unit program performance period, he
**  or she may receive a payout under the long-term performance unit program based on the outcome of the performance period.
479 table of contents mr. denault's 2006 retention agreement in 2006, entergy corporation entered into a retention agreement with mr. denault that provides benefits to him in addition to, or in lieu of, the benefits described above. specifically, in the event of a termination event (as defined in his agreement): 1) mr. denault is entitled to a target ltip award calculated by using the average annual number of performance units with respect to the two most recent performance periods preceding the calendar year in which his employment termination occurs, assuming all performance goals were achieved at target; and 2) all of mr. denault's unvested stock options and shares of restricted stock will immediately vest. in the event of death or disability, mr. denault would receive the greater of the target ltip award calculated as described above or the pro-rated number of performance units for all open performance periods, based on the number of months of his participation in each open performance period. under the terms of his 2006 retention agreement, mr. denault's employment may be terminated for cause upon mr. denault's: (a)
continuing failure to substantially perform his duties (other than because of physical or mental illness or after he has given notice of termination for good reason) that remains uncured for 30 days after receiving a written notice from the personnel committee; (b) willfully engaging in conduct that is demonstrably and materially injurious to entergy; (c) conviction of or entrance of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or other crime that has or may have a material adverse effect on his ability to carry out his duties or upon entergy's reputation; (d) material violation of any agreement that he has entered into with entergy; or (e) unauthorized disclosure of entergy's confidential information. mr. denault may terminate his employment for good reason upon:
(a) the substantial reduction in the nature or status of his duties or responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the date of the retention agreement, other than de minimis acts that are remedied after notice from mr. denault; (b) a reduction of 5% or more in his base salary as in effect on the date of the retention agreement; (c) the relocation of his principal place of employment to a location other than the corporate headquarters; (d) the failure to continue to allow him to participate in programs or plans providing opportunities for equity awards, incentive compensation and other plans on a basis not materially less favorable than enjoyed at the time of the retention agreement (other than changes similarly affecting all senior executives); (e) the failure to continue to allow him to participate in programs or plans with opportunities for benefits not materially less favorable than those enjoyed by him under any of the pension, savings, life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability or vacation plans or policies at the time of the retention agreement (other than changes similarly affecting all senior executives); or (f) any purported termination of his employment not taken in accordance with his retention agreement. aggregate termination payments the tables below reflect the amount of compensation each of the named executive officers would have received if his or her employment had been terminated as of december 31, 2019 under the various scenarios described above. for purposes of these tables, a stock price of
$119.80 was used, which was the closing market price on december 31, 2019, the last trading day of the year. 480
table of contents benefits                                   terminati...                                                terminati...
and           voluntary                      for good                                                related to payments      resignation     for cause     reason or     retirement    disability          death      a change upon                                          not for                                                in control terminat...                                       cause a.
benefits...
benefits...
benefits...
benefits...
benefits...
benefits...
481 table of contents benefits                                    termination                                              terminati...
and            voluntary                    for good                                                 related to payments       resignati...     for cause     reason or      retirement    disability         death      a change upon                                        not for                                                  in control terminati...                                  cause andrew s.
benefits(...
benefits(...
benefits(...
benefits(...
see "2019 pension benefits" for a description of the pension benefits mr. bakken, mr. ellis, mr.
1)  fisackerly, ms. landreaux, mr. marsh, and mr. west may receive upon the occurrence of certain termination events.
as of december 31, 2019, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, and ms. rainer are retirement eligible and would retire rather than voluntarily resign, and in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, mr.
brown, mr. denault, mr. may, and ms. rainer also would be entitled to receive their vested pension benefits
2)  under the entergy retirement plan.  for a description of these benefits, see "2019 pension benefits."
for purposes of the table, the value of mr. denault's payments was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2016-2018 performance unit program (41,700) by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2019 ($119.80), which would equal a payment of $4,995,660 for the forfeited performance units for each performance period. the value of mr. bakken's, mr. brown's, mr. marsh's, and mr. west's payments was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2016-2018 performance unit
3)  program (8,200) by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2019 ($119.80), which would equal a payment of $982,360 for the forfeited performance units for each performance period. the value of mr. may's payment was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2016-2018 performance unit program (2,700) by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2019 ($119.80), which would equal a payment of $323,460 for the forfeited performance units for each performance period.  the value of the payments for the other named executives officers was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2016-2018 performance unit program (1,800) by
482 table of contents the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2019 ($119.80), which would equal a payment of $215,640 for the forfeited performance units for each performance period. for purposes of the table, the values of the awards payable in the event of retirement in the case of mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, or ms.
rainer or upon death or disability, other than mr. denault, for each named executive officer were calculated as follows: mr. denault's: 2018-2020 performance period: 28,467 (24/36  42,700) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 2019-2021 performance period: 13,503 (12/36  40,508) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 mr. bakken's: 2018-2020 performance period: 5,267 (24/36  7,900) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 2019-2021 performance period: 3,190 (12/36  9,568) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 mr. brown's: 2018-2020 performance period: 5,267 (24/36  7,900)
performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 2019-2021 performance period: 3,128 (12/36 9,383)
performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 mr. marsh's: 2018-2020 performance period: 5,267
(24/36  7,900) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 2019-2021 performance period: 3,957
(12/36  11,869) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 mr. west's: 2018-2020 performance period: 5,267 (24/36  7,900) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 2019-2021 performance period: 3,358 (12/36  10,073) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 mr. may's: 2018-2020
performance period: 1,700 (24/36  2,550) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 2019-2021
performance period: 717 (12/36  2,150) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 mr.
fisackerly's and ms. rainer's: 2018-2020 performance period: 1,100 (24/36  1,650) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 2019-2021 performance period: 484 (12/36  1,450) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 ms. landreaux's: 2018-2020 performance period: 917 (24/36  1,375) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 483 table of contents 2019-2021 performance period: 484 (12/36 
1,450) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 mr. ellis's: 2018-2020 performance period:
734 (24/36  1,100) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80 2019-2021 performance period:
484 (12/36  1,450) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $119.80
for purposes of the table, the value of mr. denault's retention payment was calculated by taking an average
4)  of the target performance units from the 2015-2017 performance unit program (33,100) and from the 2016-2018
performance unit program (41,700). this average number of units (37,400) multiplied by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2019 ($119.80) would equal a payment of $4,480,520.
pursuant to the system executive continuity plan, in the event of a termination related to a change in
5)  control, mr. bakken, mr. marsh, and mr. west would be eligible to receive entergy-subsidized cobra benefits for 18 months and mr. ellis, mr. fisackerly, and ms. landreaux would be eligible to receive entergy-subsidized cobra benefits for 12 months.
6)  upon retirement, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, and ms. rainer would be eligible for retiree medical and dental benefits, the same as all other retirees.
2025. in the event of a change in control, the unvested restricted stock units will fully vest upon mr.
bakken's qualifying termination during a change in control period. pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, mr. bakken is subject to certain restrictions on his ability to compete with entergy and its
7)  affiliates or solicit its employees or customers during and for 12 months after his employment with his entergy employer. in addition, the restricted stock unit agreement limits mr. bakken's ability to disparage entergy and its affiliates. in the event of a breach of these restrictions, other than following certain constructive terminations of his employment, mr. bakken will forfeit any restricted stock units that are not yet vested and paid, and must repay to entergy any shares of entergy stock paid to him in respect of the restricted stock units and any amounts he received upon the sale or transfer of any such shares.
mr. marsh's 21,100 restricted stock units vest 100% in 2020. pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, any unvested restricted stock units will vest immediately in the event of his termination of employment due to mr. marsh's total disability or death or a qualifying termination during a change in control period. pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, mr. marsh is subject to certain restrictions on his ability to compete with entergy and its affiliates during and for 12 months after his
8)  employment with entergy, or to solicit its employees or customers during and for 24 months after his employment with entergy. in addition, the restricted stock unit agreement limits mr. marsh's ability to disparage entergy and its affiliates. in the event of a breach of these restrictions, mr. marsh will forfeit any restricted stock units that are not yet vested and paid, and must repay to entergy any shares of entergy stock paid to him in respect of the restricted stock units and any amounts he received upon the sale or transfer of any such shares.
pay ratio as required by section 953(b) of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, the following disclosure is being provided about the relationship of the annual total compensation of the employees of each of the utility operating companies to the annual total compensation of their respective presidents and chief executive officers. the pay ratio estimate for each of the utility operating companies has been calculated in a manner consistent with item 402(u) of regulation s-k. identification of median employee for each of the utility operating companies, october 4, 2019 was selected as the date on which to determine the median employee. this date is different from the date used in the prior year; however, the methodology used to determine 484 table of contents the date is consistent with that used in the prior year. both dates correspond to the first day of the three month period prior to fiscal year-end for which information can be obtained about employees and all subsidiaries have the same number of pay cycles. to identify the median employee from each of the utility operating companies' employee population base, all compensation included in box 5 of form w-2 was considered with all before-tax deductions added back to this compensation ("box 5 compensation"). for purposes of determining the median employee of each utility operating company, box 5 compensation was selected as it is believed it is representative of the compensation received by the employees of each respective utility operating company and is readily available. the calculation of annual total compensation of the median employee for each utility operating company is the same calculation used to determine total compensation for purposes of the 2019 summary compensation table with respect to each of the named executive officers. entergy arkansas ratio for 2019,
  the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergyarkansas'semployees, other than ms. landreaux, was $230,966.
  ms. landreaux's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2019 summary compensation table was $1,064,459.
  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mrs. landreaux to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 5:1.
  the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy louisiana's employees, other than mr. may, was
  mr. may's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2019 summary compensation table, was $2,073,894.
  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. may to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 12:1.
  the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy mississippi's employees, other than mr.
  mr. fisackerly's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2019 summary compensation table, was $1,579,844.
  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. fisackerly to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 6:1.
  the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergynew orleans'semployees, other than mr. ellis, was $145,217.
  mr. ellis's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2019 summary compensation table was $732,040.
  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. ellis to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 5:1.
485 table of contents entergy texas ratio for 2019,
  the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy texas's employees, other than ms. rainer, was
  ms. rainer's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2019 summary compensation table, was $1,467,716.
  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of ms. rainer to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 6:1.
item 12. security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management entergy corporation owns 100% of the outstanding common stock of registrant entergy texas and indirectly 100% of the outstanding common membership interests of registrants entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. the information with respect to persons known by entergy corporation to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of entergy corporation's outstanding common stock is included under the heading "entergy share ownership - beneficial owners of more than five percent of entergy common stock" in the entergy corporation proxy statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. the registrants know of no contractual arrangements that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change in control of any of the registrants. the following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of common stock of entergy corporation and stock-based units as of january 31, 2020 for all directors and named executive officers. unless otherwise noted, each person had sole voting and investment power over the number of shares of common stock and stock-based units of entergy corporation set forth across from his or her name. 486
table of contents name                                shares(1)(2)               options exercisable               stock units(3)
all directors and executive officers as      656,574                  1,273,794                             3,754
all directors and executive officers as      555,420                  1,242,596                                 -
all directors and executive officers as      575,434                  1,254,796                                13
487 table of contents name                                  shares(1)(2)               options exercisable             stock units(3)
all directors and executive officers as        521,004                  1,209,522                               -
all directors and executive officers as        512,969                  1,204,288                               -
all directors and executive officers as        521,956                  1,209,588                               -
*    director of the respective company
**   named executive officer of the respective company
***  director and named executive officer of the respective company the number of shares of entergy corporation common stock owned by each individual and by all non-employee
(1)  directors and executive officers as a group does not exceed one percent of the outstanding shares of entergy corporation common stock.
for the non-employee directors, the balances include phantom units that are issued under the service recognition program.  all non-employee directors are credited with phantom units for each year of service
(2)  on the entergy corporation board.  these phantom units do not have voting rights or accrue dividends, and will be settled in shares of entergy corporation common stock following the non-employee director's separation from the board.
represents the balances of phantom units each executive holds under the defined contribution restoration plan and the deferral provisions of entergy corporation's equity ownership plans.  these units will be paid out in either entergy corporation common stock or cash equivalent to the value of one share of
(3)  entergy corporation common stock per unit on the date of payout, including accrued dividends.  the deferral period is determined by the individual and is at least two years from the award of the bonus.
messrs. donald and frederickson have deferred receipt of some of their quarterly stock grants.  the deferred shares will be settled in cash in an amount equal to the market value of entergy corporation common stock at the end of the deferral period.
488 table of contents equity compensation plan information the following table summarizes the equity compensation plan information as of december 31, 2019. information is included for equity compensation plans approved by the shareholders. there are no shares authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans not approved by the shareholders.
number of                                                  number of securities to be                                           securities issued upon                 weighted average               remaining available plan                             exercise of                   exercise price               for future issuance outstanding                           (b)(2)               (excluding options, warrants                                          securities and rights (a)                                             reflected in column
and may 3, 2019.  the 2019 omnibus incentive plan was approved by the entergy corporation shareholders on may 3, 2019, and 7,300,000 shares of entergy corporation common stock can be issued from the 2019 omnibus incentive plan, with all shares available for equity-based incentive awards.  the 2007 equity ownership
(collectively, the "plans") are administered by the personnel committee of the board of directors (other than with respect to awards granted to non-employee directors, which awards are administered by the entire board of directors).  eligibility under the plans is limited to the non-employee directors and to the officers and employees of an entergy employer or an affiliate of entergy corporation.  the plans provide for the issuance of stock options, restricted stock, equity awards (units whose value is related to the value of shares of the common stock but do not represent actual shares of common stock), performance awards (performance shares or units valued by reference to shares of common stock or performance units valued by reference to financial measures or property other than common stock), restricted stock unit awards, and other stock-based awards.
(2)  the weighted average exercise price reported in this column does not include outstanding performance awards.
489 table of contents item 13. certain relationships and related party transactions and director independence for information regarding certain relationship, related transactions and director independence of entergy corporation, see the entergy corporation proxy statement under the headings "corporate governance at entergy - director independence" and "corporate governance - corporate governance policies - review and approval of related party transactions." entergy corporation's board of directors has adopted a written related party transaction approval policy that applies:
  to any transaction or series of transactions in which entergy corporation or a subsidiary is a participant;
  when the amount involved exceeds $120,000; and when a related party (an entergy corporation director or executive officer, any nominee for director, any
  shareholder owning an excess of 5% of the total equity of entergy corporation and any immediate family member of any such person) has a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity).
the policy is administered by entergy corporation's corporate governance committee. the committee will consider relevant facts and circumstance in determining whether or not to approve or ratify such a transaction, and will approve or ratify only those transactions that are, in the corporate governance committee's judgment, appropriate or desirable under the circumstances. the corporate governance committee has determined that certain types of transactions do not create or involve a direct or indirect material interest, including (i) compensation and related party transactions involving a director or an executive officer solely resulting from service as a director or employment with entergy corporation so long as the compensation is approved by the entergy corporation board of directors (or an appropriate committee); (ii) transactions involving public utility services at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority; or (iii) all business relationships between entergy corporation and a related party made in the ordinary course of business on terms and conditions generally available in the marketplace an in accordance with applicable law. to entergy corporation's knowledge, since january 1, 2019, neither entergy corporation nor any of its affiliates has participated in any related party transaction. 490 table of contents item 14. principal accountant fees and services (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy) aggregate fees billed to entergy corporation (consolidated), entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 by deloitte & touche llp were as follows:
491 table of contents
system energy audit fees                              $930,125      $850,758
(a)  includes fees for employee benefit plan audits, consultation on financial accounting and reporting, and other attestation services.
(b)  100% of fees paid in 2019 and 2018 were pre-approved by the entergy corporation audit committee.
492 table of contents entergy audit committee guidelines for pre-approval of independent auditor services the audit committee has adopted the following guidelines regarding the engagement of entergy's independent auditor to perform services for entergy:
the independent auditor will provide the audit committee, for approval, an annual engagement letter
1.  outlining the scope of services proposed to be performed during the fiscal year, including audit services and other permissible non-audit services (e.g. audit-related services, tax services, and all other services).
for other permissible services not included in the engagement letter, entergy management will submit a description of the proposed service, including a budget estimate, to the audit committee for pre-approval.
2.  management and the independent auditor must agree that the requested service is consistent with the sec's rules on auditor independence prior to submission to the audit committee.  the audit committee, at its discretion, will pre-approve permissible services and has established the following additional guidelines for permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditor:
  aggregate non-audit service fees are targeted at fifty percent or less of the approved audit service fee.
  all other services should only be provided by the independent auditor if it is a highly qualified provider of that service or if the audit committee pre-approves the independent audit firm to provide the service.
3.  the audit committee will be informed quarterly as to the status of pre-approved services actually provided by the independent auditor.
to ensure prompt handling of unexpected matters, the audit committee delegates to the audit committee chair
4.  or its designee the authority to approve permissible services and fees.  the audit committee chair or designee will report action taken to the audit committee at the next scheduled audit committee meeting.
493 table of contents part iv item 15. exhibits and financial statement schedules financial statements and independent auditors' reports for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana,
(a)1.  entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy are listed in the table of contents.
(a)2.  financial statement schedules reports of independent registered public accounting firm (see page 517)
financial statement schedules are listed in the index to financial statement schedules (see page s-1)
(a)3.  exhibits exhibits for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy are listed in the exhibit index (see page 494 and are incorporated by reference herein).  each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit hereto is identified as such by footnote in the exhibit index.
item 16. form 10-k summary (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy) none. 494 table of contents exhibit index the following exhibits indicated by an asterisk preceding the exhibit number are filed herewith. the balance of the exhibits have previously been filed with the sec as the exhibits and in the file numbers indicated and are incorporated herein by reference. the exhibits marked with a (+) are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed herewith and required to be identified as such by item 15 of form 10-k. some of the agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this form 10-k contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. these representations and warranties were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate;
(ii) may have been qualified in such agreement by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement; (iii) may apply contract standards of "materiality" that are different from the standard of "materiality" under the applicable securities laws; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement. entergy acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this form 10-k not misleading. (2) plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession entergy arkansas
(a) 1 --  plan of merger of entergy arkansas, inc. and entergy arkansas power, llc (2.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-10764).
(b) 1 --  plan of merger of entergy gulf states power, llc and entergy gulf states louisiana, llc (2.1 to form
(b) 2 --  plan of merger of entergy louisiana, llc and entergy louisiana power, llc (2.2 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
(b) 3 --  plan of merger of entergy gulf states power, llc and entergy louisiana power, llc (2.3 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
(c) 1 --  plan of merger of entergy mississippi, inc. and entergy mississippi power and light, llc (2.1 to form
(d) 1 --  plan of merger of entergy new orleans, inc. and entergy new orleans power, llc (2.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747).
(3) articles of incorporation and bylaws entergy corporation
(a) 1 --  restated certificate of incorporation of entergy corporation dated october 10, 2006 (3(a) to form
(a) 2 --  bylaws of entergy corporation as amended january 27, 2017, and as presently in effect (3.1 to form
495 table of contents system energy
(b) 1 --  amended and restated articles of incorporation of system energy effective april 28, 1989 (3(b)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 2 --  by-laws of system energy effective july 6, 1998, and as presently in effect (3(f) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1998 in 1-9067).
(c) 1 --  amended and restated certificate of formation of entergy arkansas effective december 1, 2018 (3.3 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-10764).
(c) 2 --  amended and restated company agreement of entergy arkansas effective december 1, 2018 (3.4 to form
entergy louisiana certificate of formation of entergy louisiana power, llc (including certificate of amendment to
(d) 1 --  certificate of formation to change the company name to entergy louisiana, llc) effective july 7, 2015
company agreement of entergy louisiana power, llc (including first amendment to company agreement to
(d) 2 --  change the company name to entergy louisiana, llc) effective july 7, 2015 (3.4 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
(e) 1 --  amended and restated certificate of formation of entergy mississippi effective december 1, 2018
(e) 2 --  amended and restated company agreement of entergy mississippi effective december 1, 2018 (3.4 to form
(f) 1 --  composite certificate of formation of entergy new orleans effective december 1, 2017 (3.3 to form
(f) 2 --  composite company agreement of entergy new orleans effective december 1, 2017 (3.4 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747).
entergy texas amended and restated certificate of formation of entergy texas effective august 21, 2019 (3.1 to form
(g) 1 --  8-k filed august 21, 2019 in 1-34360),as amended bystatement of resolution establishing the 5.375%
series a preferred stock, cumulative, no par value (liquidation value $25 per share) of entergy texas
(g) 2 --  amended and restated bylaws of entergy texas effective august 19, 2019 (3.2 to form 8-k filed august
496 table of contents (4) instruments defining rights of security holders, including indentures entergy corporation see (4)(b) through (4)(g) below for instruments defining the rights of security holders of system
indenture (for unsecured debt securities), dated as of september 1, 2010, between entergy
(a) 3 --   officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 5.125% senior notes due september 15, 2020
(a) 4 --   officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 4.0% senior notes due july 15, 2022 (4.02
(a) 5 --   officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 2.95% senior notes due september 1, 2026
(a) 6 --   officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 4.50% senior note due december 16, 2028
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy corporation, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signatures pages
(a) 7 --   thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, mufg bank, ltd., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(g) to form
extension agreement, dated september 13, 2019, to second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy corporation, as borrower, the banks and other financial
(a) 8 --   institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, mufg bank, ltd., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2019 in
*(a) 9 --  description of entergy corporation's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
system energy
(b) 1 --  mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of june 15, 1977, as amended and restated by the following supplemental indenture:(4.42 to form 8-k filed september 25, 2012 in 1-9067 (twenty-fourth)).
(b) 2 --  fuel lease, dated as of february 24, 1989, between river fuel funding company #3, inc. and system energy (4(b)3 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 3 --  loan agreement, dated as of march 1, 2019, between system energy and mississippi business finance corporation (4(b) to form 8-k filed march 28, 2019 in 1-9067).
497 table of contents entergy arkansas mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of october 1, 1944, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7(d) in 2-5463 (mortgage); 7(b) in 2-7121 (first); 4(a)-7 in 2-10261 (seventh); 2(b)-10
in 1-10764 (seventieth);4.06 to form 8-k filed december 13, 2012 in 1-10764 (seventy-first);4(e) to form 8-k filed january 9, 2013 in 1-10764 (seventy-second);4.06 to form 8-k filed may 30, 2013 in
1-10764 (seventy-third);4.06 to form 8-k filed june 4, 2013 in 1-10764 (seventy-fourth);4.05 to form
8-k filed march 14, 2014 in 1-10764 (seventy-sixth);4.05 to form 8-k filed december 9, 2014 in
1-10764 (seventy-seventh);4.05 to form 8-k filed january 8, 2016 in 1-10764 (seventy-eighth);4.05 to form 8-k filed august 16, 2016 in 1-10764 (seventy-ninth);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 (eightieth);4.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-10764 (eighty-first);
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy arkansas, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as
borrower assumption agreement dated as of november 30, 2018 of entergy arkansas power, llc under the second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy arkansas,
(c) 3 --   as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4.2 to form 8-k12b filed december 3,
extension agreement, dated september 13, 2019, to second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, as supplemented by the borrower assumption agreement of entergy arkansas power, llc dated as of november 30, 2018, among entergy arkansas, as borrower, the banks and other
(c) 4 --   financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2019 in
(c) 5 --   fuel lease, dated as of december 22, 1988, between river fuel trust #1 and entergy arkansas (4(c)9
loan agreement, dated as of january 1, 2013, between independence county, arkansas and entergy
*(c) 7 --  description of entergy arkansas's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
498 table of contents entergy louisiana mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of april 1, 1944, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7(d) in 2-5317 (mortgage); 7(b) in 2-7408 (first);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (sixth);2(c) in 2-34659 (twelfth);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (thirteenth);2(b)-2 in 2-38378 (fourteenth);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (twenty-first);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december
(d) 1 --  (sixty-sixth);4.08 to form 8-k filed september 24, 2010 in 1-32718 (sixty-eighth);4.08 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2011 in 1-32718 (seventy-first);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2011
in 1-32718 (seventy-second);4.08 to form 8-k filed july 3, 2012 in 1-32718 (seventy-fifth);4.08 to form 8-k filed december 4, 2012 in 1-32718 (seventy-sixth);4.08 to form 8-k filed may 21, 2013 in
1-32718 (seventy-seventh);4.08 to form 8-k filed august 23, 2013 in 1-32718 (seventy-eighth);4.08 to form 8-k filed june 24, 2014 in 1-32718 (seventy-ninth);4.08 to form 8-k filed july 1, 2014 in
1-32718 (eighty-sixth);4.43 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-seventh);4.43 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718 (eighty-eighth);4.43 to form 8k filed march 23, 2018 in
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy louisiana, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as
extension agreement, dated september 13, 2019, to second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy louisiana, as borrower, the banks and other financial
(d) 3 --  institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, wells fargo bank, national association and bnp paribas, as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september
(d) 4 --  fuel lease, dated as of january 31, 1989, between river fuel company #2, inc., and entergy louisiana
nuclear fuel lease agreement between entergy gulf states, inc. and river bend fuel services, inc. to
exhibit a to trust indenture dated as of february 7, 1989 between river bend fuel services, inc. and
(d) 6 --  u.s. bank national association (as successor trustee) (4(d)12 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718).
loan agreement, dated as of march 1, 2016, between the louisiana public facilities authority and
loan agreement, dated as of march 1, 2016, between louisiana public facilities authority and entergy
499 table of contents indenture of mortgage, dated september 1, 1926, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7-a-9 in registration no. 2-6893 (seventh);4(d)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (eighteenth); 2-a-8 in registration no. 2-66612 (thirty-eighth);4(b)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31,1999 in 1-27031 (fifty-eighth);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2009 in 0-20371 (seventy-seventh);4.07 to form 8-k filed october 1,
2010 in 0-20371 (seventy-eighth);4.07 to form 8-k filed july 1, 2014 in 0-20371 (eighty-first);4.2
(eighty-seventh);4.42 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718 (eighty-eighth);4.42 to form 8-k filed march 23, 2018 in 1-32718 (eighty-ninth);4.42 to form 8-k filed august 14, 2018 in 1-32718
agreement of resignation, appointment and acceptance, dated as of october 3, 2007, among entergy
(d) 10 --   gulf states, inc., jpmorgan chase bank, national association, as resigning trustee, and the bank of new york, as successor trustee (4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2007 in
mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:(4.38 in registration no. 333-190911-07 (mortgage);4(f) to form
(sixth);4.41 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (seventh);4.41 to form 8-k filed may 23,
(eleventh)).
officer's certificate no. 1-b-1, dated march 18, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 12 --   of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4(e) to form 8-k filed march 18, 2016 in
officer's certificate no. 2-b-2, dated march 17, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 13 --   of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2016 in
(d) 14 --   officer's certificate no. 4-b-4, dated may 16, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed may 19, 2016 in 1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 6-b-5, dated august 10, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 15 --   of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed august 17, 2016 in
officer's certificate no. 7-b-6, dated september 28, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of
(d) 16 --   trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in
(d) 17 --   officer's certificate no. 8-b-7, dated may 17, 2017, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 10-b-8, dated march 20, 2018, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 18 --   of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed march 23, 2018 in
officer's certificate no. 12-b-9, dated august 8, 2018, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 19 --   of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed august 14, 2018 in
officer's certificate no. 14-b-10, dated march 6, 2019, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 20 --   of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed march 12, 2019 in
*(d) 21 --  description of entergy louisiana's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
500 table of contents entergy mississippi mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of february 1, 1988, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:(4(e)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-31508 (mortgage);4(e)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-31508 (sixth);a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate filed may 14, 1999 in 70-8719 (thirteenth);4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2009 in
1-31508 (thirty-fifth);4.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-31508 (thirty-sixth);4(a) to form 8-k filed december 12, 2018 in 1-31508 (thirty-seventh); and4.46 to form 8-k filed june 5, 2019
*(e) 2 --  description of entergy mississippi's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
entergy new orleans mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of may 1, 1987, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:(4(f)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-35747 (mortgage);4(f)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-35747 (third);4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1998 in 0-5807 (seventh);4.02 to form 8-k filed november 23, 2010 in 0-5807
(f) 1 --   (fifteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed november 29, 2012 in 1-35747 (sixteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed june 21, 2013 in 1-35747 (seventeenth);4(m) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2016 in
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of november 16, 2018, among entergy new orleans, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages
(f) 2 --   thereof, as lenders, bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(f)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 in 1-35747).
term loan credit agreement dated as of december 18, 2019, by and among entergy new orleans, the
(f) 3 --   banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent (4(a) to form 8-k filed december 18, 2019 in 1-35747).
*(f) 4 --  description of entergy new orleans's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
entergy texas indenture, deed of trust and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas
(g) 1 --  and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee, as amended by the following supplemental indenture:(4(h)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 in 0-53134 (indenture)and4.61 to form 8-k filed september 20, 2019 in 1-34360 (first)).
officer's certificate no. 5-b-4 dated september 7, 2011, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 2 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed september 13, 2011 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 7-b-5 dated may 13, 2014, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 3 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4(g)4 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 8-b-6 dated may 18, 2015, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 4 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed may 21, 2015 in 1-34360).
501 table of contents officer's certificate no. 9-b-7 dated march 8, 2016, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 5 --    security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed march 11, 2016 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 10-b-8 dated november 14, 2017, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(g) 6 --    and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.48 to form 8-k filed november 17, 2017 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 12-b-9 dated january 3, 2019, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(g) 7 --    and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.47(a) to form 8-k filed january 8, 2019 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 12-b-10 dated january 3, 2019, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(g) 8 --    and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.47(b) to form 8-k filed january 8, 2019 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 13-b-11 dated september 16, 2019, supplemental to indenture, deed of
(g) 9 --    trust and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.57 to form 8-k filed september 20, 2019 in 1-34360).
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy texas, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as
(g) 10 --   lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., bnp paribas, mizuho bank, ltd., and the bank of nova scotia, as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(j) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 in
extension agreement, dated september 13, 2019, to second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy texas, as borrower, the banks and other financial
(g) 11 --   institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., bnp paribas, mizuho bank, ltd., and the bank of nova scotia, as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(d) to form
statement of resolution establishing the 5.375% series a preferred stock, cumulative, no par value
(g) 12 --   (liquidation value $25 per share) of entergy texas (3.3 to form 8-a filed september 4, 2019 in
*(g) 13 --  description of entergy texas's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries
first amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
second amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
third amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
502 table of contents
+(a) 5 --   2011 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries
+(a) 6 --   2015 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (appendix c to 2015 entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 20, 2015 in 1-11299).
+(a) 7 --   supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 8 --   first amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)58 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 9 --   second amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 10 --  third amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 11 --  fourth amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and
first amendment of the defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and
second amendment of the defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 15 --  executive disability plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(a)74 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and
first amendment of the executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and
second amendment of the executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 19 --  system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2009
+(a) 20 --  first amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2010 (10(a)78 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
+(a) 21 --  second amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)69 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 22 --  third amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)71 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
503 table of contents
+(a) 23 --   post-retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended effective january 1, 2000
+(a) 24 --   first amendment of the post-retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries effective december 28, 2001 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
+(a) 25 --   pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)74 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
first amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 27 --   second amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)76 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 28 --   third amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective june 19, 2013 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 29 --   fourth amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 30 --   fifth amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
*+(a) 31 --  cash balance equalization plan of entergy corporation effective july 1, 2014.
+(a) 32 --   system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1,
first amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 34 --   second amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 35 --   third amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 36 --   fourth amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 37 --   fifth amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
504 table of contents
+(a) 42 --   shareholder approval of future severance agreements policy, effective march 8, 2004 (10(f) to form
*+(a) 45 --  form of stock option grant agreement.
*+(a) 46 --  form of long term incentive program performance unit agreement.
*+(a) 47 --  form of restricted stock grant agreement.
*+(a) 48 --  form of restricted stock units grant agreement.
+(a) 52 --   2019 entergy corporation non-employee director service recognition program (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2019 in 1-11299).
system energy
(b) 1 --  availability agreement, dated june 21, 1974, among system energy and certain other system companies
(b) 2 --  first amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 30, 1977 (10(b)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 3 --  second amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 15, 1981 (10(b)3 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 4 --  third amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984 (10(b)4 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 5 --  fourth amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 1, 1989 (10(b)5 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
thirty-seventh assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated as of september 1,
(b) 6 --  2012, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee (10(a)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 in 1-11299).
amendment to the thirty-seventh assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated as
(b) 7 --  of september 18, 2015, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee (4.25 to form s-3 filed october 2, 2015).
505 table of contents facility lease no. 1, dated as of december 1, 1988, between meridian trust company and stephen m.
(b) 8 --   carta (stephen j. kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy (10(b)11 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 9 --   lease supplement no. 4, dated as of january 15, 2014, to facility lease no. 1 (10(b)12 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299).
facility lease no. 2, dated as of december 1, 1988 between meridian trust company and stephen m.
(b) 10 --  carta (stephen j. kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy (10(b)13 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 11 --  lease supplement no. 4, dated as of may 28, 2014, to facility lease no. 2 (10(b)14 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299).
(b) 12 --  reallocation agreement, dated as of july 28, 1981, among system energy and certain other system companies (10(b)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
unit power sales agreement among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy
(b) 13 --  mississippi, and entergy new orleans dated as of june 10, 1982, as amended and revised (10(b)16 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 in 1-9067).
entergy louisiana amendment, effective as of may 26, 2017, to the fourth amended and restated limited liability company
(c) 1 --  agreement of entergy holdings company llc effective as of september 19, 2015 (10(c)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718).
(14) code of ethics entergy corporation
(a)  entergy corporation code of business conduct and ethics (14 to form 10-q for the quarter ended september
*(21) subsidiaries of the registrants (23) consents of experts and counsel
*(a)  the consent of deloitte & touche llp is contained herein at page 516.
*(24) powers of attorney (31) rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certifications
506 table of contents
*(m)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for system energy.
*(n)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for system energy.
**(m)  section 1350 certification for system energy.
**(n)  section 1350 certification for system energy.
507 table of contents (101) interactive data file
+   management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.
508 table of contents entergy corporation signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy corporation by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 21, 2020
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ kimberly a. fontan  chief accounting officer        date kimberly a. fontan      (principal accounting officer)  february 21, 2020
leo p. denault (chairman of the board, chief executive officer and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president and chief financial officer; principal financial officer); john r. burbank, patrick j. condon, kirkland h. donald, philip l. frederickson, alexis m. herman, m. elise hyland, stuart l.
509 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy arkansas, llc by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 21, 2020
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ kimberly a. fontan  chief accounting officer        date kimberly a. fontan      (principal accounting officer)  february 21, 2020
laura r. landreaux (chair of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
510 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy louisiana, llc by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 21, 2020
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ kimberly a. fontan  chief accounting officer        date kimberly a. fontan      (principal accounting officer)  february 21, 2020
phillip r. may, jr. (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
511 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy mississippi, llc by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 21, 2020
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ kimberly a. fontan  chief accounting officer        date kimberly a. fontan      (principal accounting officer)  february 21, 2020
haley r. fisackerly (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
512 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy new orleans, llc by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 21, 2020
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ kimberly a. fontan  chief accounting officer        date kimberly a. fontan      (principal accounting officer)  february 21, 2020
david d. ellis (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
513 table of contents entergy texas, inc. signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 21, 2020
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ kimberly a. fontan  chief accounting officer        date kimberly a. fontan      (principal accounting officer)  february 21, 2020
sallie t. rainer (chair of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
514 table of contents system energy resources, inc. signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d)
of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
system energy resources, inc.
by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 21, 2020
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ kimberly a. fontan  chief accounting officer        date kimberly a. fontan      (principal accounting officer)  february 21, 2020
roderick k. west (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); a. christopher bakken, iii and steven c. mcneal (directors).
515 table of contents exhibit 23(a) consents of independent registered public accounting firm we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-233403 on form s-3 and in registration statements nos.
333-140183, 333-174148, 333-204546, 333-206556, 333-227150 and 333-231800 on form s-8 of our reports dated february
21, 2020, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of entergy corporation and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy corporation for the year ended december 31,
2019. we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-233403-05 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 21, 2020, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy arkansas, llc for the year ended december 31, 2019. we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 233403-04 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 21, 2020, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10k of entergy louisiana, llc for the year ended december 31, 2019. we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 233403-03 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 21, 2020, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy mississippi, llc appearing in this annual report on form 10k of entergy mississippi, llc for the year ended december 31, 2019. we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 233403-02 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 21, 2020, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy texas, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2019. we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 233403-01 on form s-3 of our report dated february 21, 2020, relating to the financial statements of system energy resources, inc. appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of system energy resources, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2019. /s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 21, 2020 516 table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy corporation and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statement schedule we have audited the consolidated financial statements of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the "corporation") as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, and the corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019, and have issued our reports thereon dated february 21, 2020. our audits also included the consolidated financial statement schedule of the corporation listed in item 15. this consolidated financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the corporation's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the corporation's consolidated financial statement schedule based on our audits. in our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. /s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 21, 2020 517
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries to the member and board of directors of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries entergy mississippi, llc entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statement schedules we have audited the consolidated financial statements of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, and entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and we have also audited the financial statements of entergy mississippi, llc (collectively the "companies") as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, and have issued our reports thereon dated february 21, 2020. our audits also included the financial statement schedules of the respective companies listed in item 15. these financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the respective companies' management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companies' financial statement schedules based on our audits. in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. /s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 21, 2020 518 table of contents index to financial statement schedules schedule                                                           page ii        valuation and qualifying accounts 2019, 2018, and 2017:
schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. columns have been omitted from schedules filed because the information is not applicable. s-1 table of contents entergy corporation and subsidiaries schedule ii -
-in thousands column a                                     column b            column c          column d            column e other balance at           additions           changes             balance description                              beginning of          charged to    deductions (1)    at end of period period              income allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-2 table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii -
-in thousands column a                                     column b            column c          column d            column e other balance at           additions           changes             balance description                              beginning of          charged to    deductions (1)    at end of period period              income allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-3 table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii -
-in thousands column a                                     column b            column c          column d            column e other balance at           additions           changes             balance description                              beginning of          charged to    deductions (1)    at end of period period              income allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-4 table of contents entergy mississippi, llc schedule ii -
-in thousands column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (1)    at end of period of period allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-5 table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii -
-in thousands column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (1)    at end of period of period allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-6 table of contents entergy texas, inc.
-in thousands column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (1)    at end of period of period allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."