item 1a.   risk factors each of the registrants operates in a complex market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond that registrant's direct control. such risks, which could negatively affect one or more of the registrants' consolidated financial statements, fall primarily under the categories below:
market and financial factors primarily include:
•   the price of fuels, in particular the price of natural gas, which affects power prices,
•   the generation resources in the markets in which the registrants operate,
•   the demand for electricity, reliability of service and affordability in the markets where the registrants conduct their business,
•   the impacts of on-going competition, and
•   emerging technologies and business models.
regulatory and legislative factors primarily include changes to the laws and regulations that govern:
•   the design of power markets,
•   utility regulatory business model,
•   environmental policy, and
operational factors primarily include:
•   changes in the global climate could produce extreme weather events, which could put the registrant's facilities at risk, and the effects of climate change regulation could impact the ghg emissions from the registrant's operations,
•   the safe, secure and effective operation of generation's nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the associated decommissioning obligations,
•   the ability of the registrants to maintain the reliability, resiliency and safety of their energy delivery systems, which could affect the operating costs of the registrants and the opinions of their customers and regulators, and
•   the registrants face physical and cyber security risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission and distribution facilities and as participants in commodities trading.
there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed by the registrants to be material that could negatively affect its consolidated financial statements in the future.
market and financial factors generation is exposed to price volatility associated with both the wholesale and retail power markets and the procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel (exelon and generation).
generation is exposed to commodity price risk for the unhedged portion of its electricity generation supply portfolio. generation's earnings and cash flows are therefore exposed to variability of spot and forward market prices in the markets in which it operates.
price of fuels. the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal fuel used to generate the electricity unit.
demand and supply. the market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available supply of electricity. unfavorable economic conditions, milder than normal weather, and the growth of energy efficiency and demand response programs could each depress demand. in addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity could often exceed demand during some hours of the day, resulting in loss of revenue for base-load generating plants such as generation's nuclear plants.
retail competition. generation's retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. in periods of sustained low natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, retail competitors can aggressively pursue market share because the barriers to entry can be low and wholesale generators (including generation) use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
the impact of sustained low market prices or depressed demand and over-supply could be emphasized given generation's concentration of base-load electric generating capacity within primarily two geographic market regions, namely the midwest and the mid-atlantic. these impacts could adversely affect generation's ability to fund regulated utility growth for the benefit of customers, reduce debt and provide attractive shareholder returns. in addition, such conditions may no longer support the continued operation of certain generating facilities, which could adversely affect generation's financial statements primarily through accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses and one-time charges. see note 6 - early plant retirements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
cost of fuel. generation depends on nuclear fuel and fossil fuels to operate most of its generating facilities. the supply markets for nuclear fuel, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions and counterparty default.
market designs. the wholesale markets vary from region to region with distinct rules, practices and procedures. changes in these market rules, problems with rule implementation, or failure of any of these markets could adversely affect generation's business. in addition, a significant decrease in market participation could affect market liquidity and have a detrimental effect on market stability.
some of these technologies include, but are not limited to, further development or applications of technologies related to shale gas production, renewable energy technologies, energy efficiency, distributed generation and energy storage devices. such developments could affect the price of energy, levels of customer-owned generation, customer expectations and current business models and make portions of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution facilities obsolete prior to the end of their useful lives. such technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand for delivered energy. each of these factors could affect the registrants' consolidated financial statements through, among other things, reduced operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, increased capital expenditures, and potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
market performance and other factors could decrease the value of ndt funds and employee benefit plan assets and could increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant additional funding (all registrants).
disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the greater economy could adversely affect the value of the investments held within generation's ndts and exelon's employee benefit plan trusts. the registrants have significant obligations in these areas and exelon and generation hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet those obligations. the asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below the registrants' projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the ndt fund investments could increase generation's funding requirements to decommission its nuclear plants. a decline in the market value of the pension and opeb plan assets will increase the funding requirements associated with exelon's pension and opeb plan obligations. additionally, exelon's pension and opeb plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions or changes to social security or medicare eligibility requirements could also increase the costs and funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and opeb plans. see note 9 - asset retirement obligations and note 14 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants could be negatively affected by unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in commodity markets (all registrants).
the registrants rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. disruptions in the
capital and credit markets in the united states or abroad could negatively affect the registrants' ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank revolving credit facilities. the banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the registrants if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. the inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, generation's ability to hedge effectively its generation portfolio, changes to generation's hedging strategy in order to reduce collateral posting requirements, or a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash. in addition, the registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including europe, canada and asia. disruptions in these markets could reduce or restrict the registrants' ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. as of december 31, 2019, approximately 23%, 19%, and 18% of the registrants' available credit facilities were with european, canadian and asian banks, respectively. see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
the strength and depth of competition in energy markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could be negatively affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that could affect participants in commodities transactions. reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of the registrants. perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts.
if any of the registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its counterparties, it would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties and could experience higher borrowing costs (all registrants).
generation's business is subject to credit quality standards that could require market participants to post collateral for their obligations. if generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating) or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under its hedging arrangements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. the amount of collateral required to be provided by generation at any point in time depends on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional amount of the applicable hedge, (2) the nature of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes in power or other commodity prices. in addition, if generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade.  changes in ratings methodologies by the credit rating agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of generation.
generation has project-specific financing arrangements and must meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those financings.  failure to meet those arrangements could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the specific project being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have broad remedies, including rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral or to force the exelon subsidiaries in the project-specific financings to enter into bankruptcy proceedings. the impact of bankruptcy could result in the impairment of certain project assets.
the utility registrants' operating agreements with pjm and peco's, bge's and dpl's natural gas procurement contracts contain collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market prices. if certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and the utility registrants were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon their remaining sources of liquidity. pjm collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as market prices fall. collateral posting requirements for peco, bge and dpl, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. if the utility registrants were downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. in addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have an adverse negative impact on the ratings of the utility registrants.
the utility registrants conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and procedures intended to assure that the utility registrants are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate the utility registrants from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulty at exelon or another exelon subsidiary. these measures (commonly referred to as "ring-fencing") could help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit ratings of the utility registrants in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of exelon. despite these ring-fencing measures, the credit ratings of the utility registrants could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of exelon. consequently, a reduction in the credit rating of exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of some or all of the utility registrants. a reduction in the credit rating of a utility registrant could have a material adverse effect on the utility registrant.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - credit matters - market conditions and security ratings for additional information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on the registrants' cash flows.
generation's risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading activities (exelon and generation).
generation's asset-based power position as well as its power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities expose generation to risks of commodity price movements. generation buys and sells energy and other products and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in generation's power generation portfolio. generation is exposed to volatility in financial results for unhedged positions as well as the risk of ineffective hedges. generation attempts to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. these risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future performance, results of operations could be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. as a result, generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity trading activities and risk management decisions could have on its consolidated financial statements.
financial performance and load requirements could be negatively affected if generation is unable to effectively manage its power portfolio (exelon and generation).
a significant portion of generation's power portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with the utility registrants and other customers. to the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, generation's output is sold in the wholesale power markets. to the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the related agreements, generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. generation's financial results could be negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio or effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets.
the impacts of significant economic downturns or increases in customer rates, could lead to decreased volumes delivered and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances (all registrants).
the impacts of significant economic downturns on the utility registrants' customers, such as less demand for products and services provided by commercial and industrial customers, and the related regulatory limitations on residential service terminations, could result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances. further, increases in customer rates, including those related to increases in purchased power and natural gas prices, could result in declines in customer usage and lower revenues for the utility registrants that do not have decoupling mechanisms.
generation's customer-facing energy delivery activities face similar economic downturn risks, such as lower volumes sold and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances.
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for additional information of the registrants' credit risk.
the registrants could be negatively affected by the impacts of weather (all registrants).
weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities. temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues at peco, dpl delaware and ace. due to revenue decoupling, bge, pepco and dpl maryland recognize revenues at mdpsc and dcpsc-approved levels per customer, regardless of what actual distribution volumes are for a billing period and are not affected by actual weather with the exception of major storms. comed's customer rates are adjusted to eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and customer usage patterns on distribution revenue.
extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms could stress the utility registrants' transmission and distribution systems, communication systems and technology, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company's ability to meet peak customer demand. first and third quarter financial results, in particular, are substantially dependent on weather conditions, and could make period comparisons less relevant.
generation's operations are also affected by weather, which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. to the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, generation could require greater resources to meet its contractual commitments. extreme weather conditions or storms could affect the availability of generation and its transmission, limiting generation's ability to source or send power to where it is sold. in addition, drought-like conditions limiting water usage could impact generation's ability to run certain generating assets at full capacity. these conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, could cause generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when markets are weak.
long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the registrants' statements of financial position. in addition, exelon, comed and phi have material goodwill balances.
the registrants evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. factors such as, but not limited to, the business climate, including current and future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered.
comed and phi perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions, including discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for comed's, pepco's, dpl's, and ace's business, and the fair value of debt, could potentially result in future impairments of exelon's, phi's, and comed's goodwill.
an impairment would require the registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset or goodwill to fair value through a non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting policies and estimates, note 7 - property, plant and equipment, note  - asset impairments and note  - intangible assets of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on long-lived asset and goodwill impairments.
the registrants could incur substantial costs in the event of non-performance by third-parties under indemnification agreements, or when the registrants have guaranteed their performance. generation is exposed to other credit risks in the power markets that are beyond its control (all registrants).
the registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. to the extent that any of these counterparties are affected by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected registrant could be held responsible for the obligations. each of the utility registrants has transferred its former generation business to a third party and in each case the transferee has agreed to assume certain obligations and to indemnify the applicable utility registrant for such obligations. in connection with the restructurings under which comed, peco and bge transferred their generating assets to generation, generation assumed certain of comed's, peco's and bge's rights and obligations with respect to their former generation businesses. further, comed, peco and bge have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-party agreed to indemnify comed, peco or bge for certain obligations related to their respective former generation businesses that have been assumed by generation as part of the restructuring. if the third-party, generation or the transferee of pepco's, dpl's or ace's generation facilities experienced events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became unenforceable, the applicable utility registrant could be liable for any existing or future claims. in addition, the utility registrants have residual liability under certain laws in connection with their former generation facilities.
the registrants have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and sales of assets and a registrant could incur substantial costs to fulfill its obligations under these indemnities.
the registrants have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate the registrant to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by those third parties, a registrant could incur substantial cost to fulfill its obligations under these guarantees.
in the bilateral markets, generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe generation money or are obligated to purchase energy or fuel from generation, will not perform under their obligations for operational or financial reasons. in the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, generation could be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, were already paid to the counterparties. in the spot markets, generation is exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets, primarily rtos and isos. generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. in addition, generation's retail sales subject it to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities to serve commercial and industrial companies, governmental entities and residential customers. retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. this risk represents the loss that could be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer's account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer.
regulatory and legislative factors federal or state legislative or regulatory actions could negatively affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets (exelon and generation).
approximately 70% of generation's generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the area encompassed by pjm. generation's future results of operations are impacted by (1) ferc's and pjm's support for policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets and recognize the value of zero-carbon electricity and resiliency and for states' energy objectives and policies (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect exelon or generation. generation could also be affected by state laws, regulations or initiatives to subsidize existing or new generation.
ferc's requirements for market-based rate authority could pose a risk that generation may no longer satisfy ferc's tests for market-based rates.
substantially all aspects of the businesses of the registrants are subject to comprehensive federal or state regulation and legislation.
generation's consolidated financial statements are significantly affected by its sales and purchases of commodities at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates and federal and state regulatory and legislative developments related to emissions, climate change, capacity market mitigation, energy price information, resilience, fuel diversity and rps. legislative and regulatory efforts in illinois, new york and new jersey to preserve the environmental attributes and reliability benefits of zero-emission nuclear-powered generating facilities through zec programs are or could be subject to legal and regulatory challenges and, if overturned, could result in the early retirement of certain of generation's nuclear plants. see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 6 - early plant retirements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the utility registrants' consolidated financial statements are heavily dependent on the ability of the utility registrants to recover their costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power and natural gas to their customers.
fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions affecting the registrants' businesses would require changes in their business planning models and operations. the registrants cannot predict when or whether legislative and regulatory proposals could become law or what their effect will be on the registrants.
changes in the utility registrants' respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which could introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes (exelon and the utility registrants).
the utility registrants are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for a utility registrant to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, bad debt, mgp remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response programs. in certain instances, the utility registrants could agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer initiatives or franchise agreements. these settlements are subject to regulatory approval. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of the utility registrants to recover their costs or earn an adequate return. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
nrc actions could negatively affect the operations and profitability of generation's nuclear generating fleet (exelon and generation).
regulatory risk. a change in the atomic energy act or the applicable regulations or licenses could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or could result in increased operating or decommissioning costs. events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by generation, could cause the nrc to initiate such actions.
spent nuclear fuel storage. the approval of a national repository for the storage of snf and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of snf, and the ultimate amounts received from the doe to reimburse generation for these costs.
any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for snf could adversely affect generation's ability to decommission fully its nuclear units. generation cannot predict what, if any, fee may be established in the future for snf disposal. see note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the snf obligation.
the registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards, including the likely exposure of the utility registrants to the results of pjm's rtep and nerc compliance requirements (all registrants).
the registrants as users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including generation and the utility registrants, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by nerc and enforced by ferc.
peco, bge and dpl as operators of natural gas distribution systems, peco, bge and dpl are also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the u.s. department of transportation. the standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. compliance with or changes in the reliability standards could subject the registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. in addition, the icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, dpsc and njbpu impose certain distribution reliability standards on the utility registrants. if the registrants were found not to be in compliance with the federal and state mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties.
the registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters (all registrants).
the businesses which the registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which the registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures including how they handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal. violations of these emission and disposal requirements could subject the registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. in addition, the registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. remediation activities associated with mgp operations conducted by predecessor companies are one component of such costs. also, the registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to additional proceedings in the future.
if application of section 316(b) of the clean water act, which establishes a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to aquatic organisms at existing generating stations, requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at salem or other exelon power plants, this development could result in material costs of compliance. see item 1. business - environmental regulation for additional information.
the registrants could be negatively affected by challenges to tax positions taken, tax law changes and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions. (all registrants).
the registrants are required to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax matters. these judgments include reserves established for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants could be negatively affected by federal and state rps and/or energy conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by customers (all registrants).
changes to current state legislation or the development of federal legislation that requires the use of clean, renewable and alternate fuel sources could significantly impact generation and the utility registrants, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed for utility registrants. the impact could include increased costs and increased rates for customers.
federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, could increase capital expenditures and could significantly impact the utility registrants consolidated financial statements if timely cost recovery is not allowed. furthermore, regulated energy consumption reduction targets and declines in customer energy consumption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation technologies could lead to a decline in the revenues of the registrants. see item 1. business - environmental regulation - renewable and alternative energy portfolio standards for additional information.
generation's affiliation with the utility registrants, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of generation's physical asset base within the utility registrants' service territories, could increase generation's cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges regarding the utility registrants' retail rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by generation (exelon and generation).
generation has significant generating resources within the service areas of the utility registrants and makes significant sales to each of them. those facts tend to cause generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. government officials, legislators and advocacy groups are aware of generation's affiliation with the utility registrants and its sales to each of them. in periods of rising utility rates, particularly when driven by increased costs of energy production and supply, those officials and advocacy groups could question or challenge costs and transactions incurred by the utility registrants with generation, irrespective of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. these challenges could increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challenges could subject generation to a level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. in addition, government officials and legislators could seek ways to force generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as generation-based taxes.
the registrants could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences (all registrants).
the registrants could be the subject of public criticism. adverse publicity of this nature could render public service commissions and other regulatory and legislative authorities less likely to view energy companies such as exelon and its subsidiaries in a favorable light, and could cause exelon and its subsidiaries to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements (e.g. disallowances of costs, lower roes).
the registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising out of their business operations. the material ones are summarized in note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements. adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures, result in lost revenue or restrict existing business activities.
generation's financial performance could be negatively affected by risks arising from its ownership and operation of hydroelectric facilities (exelon and generation).
ferc has the exclusive authority to license most non-federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, federal lands or connected to the interstate electric grid. generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the renewed licenses of its hydroelectric facilities. if ferc does not issue new operating licenses for generation's hydroelectric facilities or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, generation's results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. generation could also lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. in addition, conditions could be imposed as part of the license renewal process that could adversely affect operations, could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures, could result in increased operating costs or could render the project uneconomic. similar effects could result from a change in the federal power act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by generation.
exelon and comed have received requests for information related to government investigations. the outcome of the investigations could have a material adverse effect on their reputation and consolidated financial statements (exelon and comed).
exelon and comed received a grand jury subpoena in the second quarter of 2019 from the u.s. attorney's office for the northern district of illinois requiring production of information concerning their lobbying activities in the state of illinois. on october 4, 2019, exelon and comed received a second grand jury subpoena from the u.s. attorney's office for the northern district of illinois requiring production of records of any communications with certain individuals and entities. on october 22, 2019, the sec notified exelon and comed that it has also opened an investigation into their lobbying activities. exelon and comed have cooperated fully, including by providing additional information requested by the u.s. attorney's office and the sec, and intend to continue to cooperate fully and expeditiously with the u.s. attorney's office and the sec. the outcome of the u.s. attorney's office and sec investigations cannot be predicted and could subject exelon and comed to criminal or civil penalties, sanctions or other remedial measures.  any of the foregoing, as well as the appearance of non-compliance with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, could have an adverse impact on exelon's and comed's reputation or relationship with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as their consolidated financial statements.
operational factors the registrants are subject to risks associated with climate change (all registrants).
physical plants could be placed at greater risk of damage should changes in the global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, unprecedented levels of precipitation and a change in sea level. the registrants' operate in the midwest and east coast of the united states, areas that historically have been prone to various types of severe weather events, such that the registrants have well developed response and recovery programs based on these historical events. still disruption or failure of electric generation, transmission or distribution systems or natural gas production, transmission, storage or distribution systems in the event of a hurricane, tornado or other severe weather event, or otherwise, could prevent the registrants from operating their business in the normal course.
the registrants are considering ways to address the effect of ghg emissions on climate change. if carbon reduction regulation or legislation becomes effective, the registrants could incur costs either to limit further the ghg emissions from their operations or to procure emission allowance credits for generation's fossil fuel-fired generation. see item 1. business - global climate change.
generation's financial performance could be negatively affected by matters arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities (exelon and generation).
nuclear capacity factors. capacity factors for nuclear generating units, significantly affect generation's results of operations. lower capacity factors could decrease generation's revenues and increase operating costs by requiring generation to produce additional energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy generation's obligations to committed third-party sales, including the utility registrants. these sources generally have higher costs than generation incurs to produce energy from its nuclear stations.
nuclear refueling outages. in general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. the total number of refueling outages, along with their duration, could have a significant impact on generation's results of operations. when refueling outages last longer than anticipated or generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease, and generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales and higher operating and maintenance costs.
nuclear fuel quality. the quality of nuclear fuel utilized by generation could affect the efficiency and costs of generation's operations. remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities.
operational risk. operations at any of generation's nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where generation must shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes could require significant time and expense. generation could choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. in either event, generation could lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments.
for plants operated but not wholly owned by generation, generation could also incur liability to the co-owners. for nuclear plants not operated and not wholly owned by generation, from which generation receives a portion of the plants' output, generation's results of operations are dependent on the operational performance of the operators and could be adversely affected by a significant event at those plants. additionally, poor operating performance at nuclear plants not owned by generation could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy. in addition, closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptions of generating plants or failure of transmission lines, could affect transmission systems that could adversely affect the sale and delivery of electricity in markets served by generation.
nuclear major incident risk and insurance. the consequences of a major incident could be severe and include loss of life and property damage. any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the united states, owned or operated by generation or owned by others, could exceed generation's resources, including insurance coverage. generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company, neil, which provides property and business interruption insurance for generation's nuclear operations. uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from insurers or the nuclear industry, could be borne by generation. additionally, an accident or other significant event at a nuclear plant within the united states or abroad, whether owned generation or others, could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy.
as required by the price-anderson act, generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance, $450 million for each operating site. claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. in addition, the u.s. congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $13.9 billion limit for a single incident.
see note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nuclear insurance.
decommissioning obligation and funding. nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility.
generation recognizes as a liability the present value of the estimated future costs to decommission its nuclear facilities. the estimated liability is based on assumptions in the approach and timing of decommissioning the nuclear facilities, estimation of decommissioning costs and federal and state regulatory requirements. the costs of such decommissioning may substantially exceed such liability, as facts, circumstances or our estimates may change, including changes in the approach and timing of decommissioning activities, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in federal or state regulatory requirements on the decommissioning of such facilities, other changes in our estimates or generation's ability to effectively execute on its planned decommissioning activities.
generation makes contributions to certain trust funds of the former peco units based on amounts being collected by peco from its customers and remitted to generation. while generation, through peco, has recourse to collect additional amounts from peco customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additional amounts from utility customers for any of its other nuclear units if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. if circumstances changed such that generation would be unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former peco units based on amounts collected from peco customers, or if generation no longer had recourse to collect additional amounts from peco customers if there was a shortfall of funds for decommissioning, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former peco units could be negatively affected.
should the expected value of the ndt fund for any former comed unit fall below the amount of the expected decommissioning obligation for that unit, the accounting to offset decommissioning-related activities in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income for that unit would be discontinued, the decommissioning-related activities would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and the adverse impact to exelon's and generation's financial statements could be material. any changes to the peco regulatory agreements could impact exelon's and generation's ability to offset decommissioning-related activities within the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income, and the impact to exelon's and generation's financial statements could be material.
forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results could differ significantly from current estimates. if the investments held by generation's ndts are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of generation's nuclear units, generation could be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional contributions to the trusts, which could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that current and future nrc minimum funding requirements are met.
see note 9 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the utility registrants' operating costs are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery and operational systems (exelon and the utility registrants).
failures of the equipment or facilities used in the utility registrants' delivery systems could interrupt the electric transmission and electric and natural gas delivery, which could result in a loss of revenues and an increase in maintenance and capital expenditures. equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including natural causes such as weather or information systems failure. specifically, if the implementation of advanced metering infrastructure, smart grid or other technologies in the utility registrants' service territory fail to perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems, or if any of the financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, the utility registrants' financial results could be negatively impacted. in addition, dependence upon automated systems could further increase the risk that operational system flaws or internal and/or external tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect.
regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service. under illinois law, however, comed could be required to pay damages to its customers in some circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, which could be material.
the registrants are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks (all registrants).
the registrants face physical security and cybersecurity risks. threat sources continue to seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric and natural gas utility industry associated with protection of sensitive and confidential information, grid infrastructure and other energy infrastructures, and such attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and dynamic. continued implementation of advanced digital technologies increases the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks. a security breach of the physical assets or information systems of the registrants, their competitors, vendors, business partners and interconnected entities in rtos and isos, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or result in the theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical infrastructure information, sensitive customer, vendor and employee data, trading or other confidential data. the risk of these system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, and while the registrants have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to physical and cyber-attacks, to date none has directly experienced a material breach or disruption to its network or information systems or our service operations. however, as such attacks continue to increase in sophistication and frequency, the registrants may be unable to prevent all such attacks in the future. if a significant breach were to occur, the reputation of the registrants could be negatively affected, customer confidence in the registrants or others in the industry could be diminished, or the registrants could be subject to legal claims, loss of revenues, increased costs or operations shutdown. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result.
the utility registrants' deployment of smart meters throughout their service territories could increase the risk of damage from an intentional disruption of the system by third parties.
in addition, new or updated security regulations or unforeseen threat sources could require changes in current measures taken by the registrants or their business operations and could adversely affect their consolidated financial statements.
the registrants' employees, contractors, customers and the general public could be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of the energy industry (all registrants).
employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public could be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near the registrants' operations. as a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general public are at some risk for serious injury, including loss of life. these risks include nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, pole strikes and electric contact cases.
natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic and other significant events could negatively impact the registrants' results of operations, their ability to raise capital and their future growth (all registrants).
generation's fleet of power plants and the utility registrants' distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by natural disasters and extreme weather events, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. an extreme weather event within the registrants' service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment. natural disasters and other significant events increase the risk to generation that the nrc or other regulatory or legislative bodies could change the laws or regulations governing, among other things, operations, maintenance, licensed lives, decommissioning, snf storage, insurance, emergency planning, security and environmental and radiological matters. in addition, natural disasters could affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for generation's continued operation, particularly the cooling of generating units.
the impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry and on exelon is uncertain. the registrants face a risk that their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror. any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign could affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cybersecurity of exelon's facilities, which could adversely affect exelon's ability to manage its business effectively. instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors also could result in a decline in energy consumption or interruption of fuel or the supply chain. in addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
the registrants could be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic. however, depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability, the ability to operate exelon's generating and transmission and distribution assets could be affected.
in addition, exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property, casualty and cybersecurity losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt operations. however, there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and casualty losses.
the registrants' businesses are capital intensive, and their assets could require significant expenditures to maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability (all registrants).
the registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments by generation in electric generating facilities and by the utility registrants in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects. equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure, including events that are beyond the registrants' control, and could require significant expenditures to operate efficiently. the registrants consolidated financial statements could be negatively affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. see item 1. business for additional information regarding the registrants' potential future capital expenditures.
the utility registrants' respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures could be negatively impacted by transmission congestion and failures of neighboring transmission systems (exelon and the utility registrants).
demand for electricity within the utility registrants' service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage. also, insufficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize the utility registrants' ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulatory agency relationships. as with all utilities, potential concerns over transmission capacity or generation facility retirements could result in pjm or ferc requiring the utility registrants to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
pjm's systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities. however, service interruptions at other utilities may cause interruptions in the utility registrants' service areas.
the registrants consolidated financial statements could be negatively affected if they fail to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce (all registrants).
certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, could lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the registrants. the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, could arise. the registrants are particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for their generation, transmission and distribution operations.
the registrants could make acquisitions or investments in new business initiatives and new markets, which may not be successful or achieve the intended financial results (all registrants).
generation could continue to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. this could include investment opportunities in renewables, development of natural gas generation, nuclear advisory or operating services for third parties, distributed generation, potential expansion of the existing wholesale gas businesses and entry into lng. such initiatives could involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered during diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market. additionally, it is possible that ferc, state public utility commissions or others could impose certain other restrictions on such transactions. all of these factors could result in higher costs or lower revenues than expected, resulting in lower than planned returns on investment.
the utility registrants face risks associated with their regulatory-mandated initiatives, such as smart grids and utility of the future. these risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery, regulatory concerns, cybersecurity and obsolescence of technology. such initiatives may not be successful.
the registrants may not realize or achieve the anticipated cost savings through the cost management efforts (all registrants).
the registrants' future financial performance and level of profitability is dependent, in part, on various cost reduction initiatives. the registrants may encounter challenges in executing these cost reduction initiatives and not achieve the intended cost savings.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations         60
financial results of operations                                                               61
significant 2019 transactions and recent developments                                         64
exelon's strategy and outlook for 2020 and beyond                                             68
other key business drivers and management strategies                                          69
results of operations                                                                         84
exelon generation company, llc                                                                85
liquidity and capital resources                                                              112
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements                                   129
item 7a.   quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                   134
exelon generation company, llc                                                               141
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations exelon executive overview exelon is a utility services holding company engaged in the generation, delivery, and marketing of energy through generation and the energy distribution and transmission businesses through comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace.
exelon has eleven reportable segments consisting of generation's five reportable segments (mid-atlantic, midwest, new york, ercot and other power regions), comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace. during the first quarter of 2019, due to a change in economics in our new england region, generation changed the way that information is reviewed by the codm. the new england region is no longer regularly reviewed as a separate region by the codm nor presented separately in any external information presented to third parties. information for the new england region is reviewed by the codm as part of other power regions. see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding exelon's principal subsidiaries and reportable segments.
exelon's consolidated financial information includes the results of its eight separate operating subsidiary registrants, generation, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace, which, along with exelon, are collectively referred to as the registrants. the following combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations summarizes results for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, and is separately filed by exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace. however, none of the registrants makes any representation as to information related solely to any of the other registrants. for discussion of the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the 2018-form 10-k, which was filed with the sec on february 8, 2019.
financial results of operations gaap results of operations. the following table sets forth exelon's gaap consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders by registrant for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 and 2017. for additional information regarding the financial results for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 see the discussions of results of operations by registrant.
generation       1,125                 370                                          755                             2,710                                       (2,340                 )
(a)   exelon's, phi's and pepco's amounts have been revised to reflect the correction of an error related to pepco's decoupling mechanism. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, exelon's corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing and investing activities.
•   decreased accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the early retirement of the oyster creek nuclear facility in september 2018 and tmi in september 2019 and the absence of a charge associated with the remeasurement of the oyster creek aro in 2018;
•   decreased operating and maintenance expense at generation which includes the impacts of previous cost management programs, lower pension and opeb costs and increased neil insurance distributions;
•   a benefit associated with the remeasurement of the tmi aro in the first quarter of 2019 and the annual nuclear aro update in the third quarter of 2019;
•   lower mark-to-market losses;
•   research and development income tax benefits.
the increases were partially offset by;
•   lower capacity prices;
•   unfavorable weather conditions at peco, dpl and ace; and
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings. in addition to net income, exelon evaluates its operating performance using the measure of adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items. this information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of year-to-year operating results and provide an indication of exelon's baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to be not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. in addition, this information is among the primary indicators management uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets and planning and forecasting of future periods. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
the following table provides a reconciliation between net income attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance with gaap and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018 and 2017:
mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities (net of taxes of $66, $89 and $68, respectively)                    197                          0.20                        252                          0.26                    107                  0.11
unrealized (gains) losses related to ndt fund investments (net of taxes of $269, $289 and $286, respectively)(b)        (299   )                     (0.31          )             337                          0.35                   (318   )             (0.34      )
amortization of commodity contract intangibles (net of taxes of $22)                                                       -                             -                          -                             -                     34                  0.04
phi merger and integration costs (net of taxes of $2 and $25, respectively)                                                -                             -                          3                             -                     40                  0.04
merger commitments (net of taxes of $137)                                                                                  -                             -                          -                             -                   (137   )             (0.14      )
asset impairments (net of taxes of $56, $13 and $204, respectively)(c)                                                   123                          0.13                         35                          0.04                    321                  0.34
plant retirements and divestitures (net of taxes of $9, $181, and $134, respectively)(d)                                 118                          0.12                        512                          0.53                    207                  0.22
cost management program (net of taxes of $17, $16, and $21, respectively)(e)                                              51                          0.05                         48                          0.05                     34                  0.04
asset retirement obligation (net of taxes of $9, $7, and $1, respectively)(f)                                            (84   )                     (0.09          )              20                          0.02                     (2   )                 -
vacation policy change (net of taxes of $21)                                                                               -                             -                          -                             -                    (33   )             (0.03      )
change in environmental liabilities (net of taxes of $8, $0, and $17, respectively)                                       20                          0.02                         (1   )                         -                     27                  0.03
bargain purchase gain (net of taxes of $0)                                                                                 -                             -                          -                             -                   (233   )             (0.25      )
gain on deconsolidation of business (net of taxes of $83)                                                                  -                             -                          -                             -                   (130   )             (0.14      )
gain on contract settlement (net of taxes of $20)(g)                                                                       -                             -                        (55   )                     (0.06          )           -                     -
litigation settlement gain (net of taxes of $7)                                                                          (19   )                     (0.02          )               -                             -                      -                     -
income tax-related adjustments (entire amount represents tax expense)(h)                                                   5                          0.01                        (22   )                     (0.02          )      (1,330   )             (1.41      )
noncontrolling interests (net of taxes of $26, $24, and $24, respectively)(i)                                             90                          0.09                       (113   )                     (0.12          )         114                  0.12
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings                                                                                $3,139                         $3.22                     $3,021                         $3.12                 $2,480                 $2.61
unless otherwise noted, the income tax impact of each reconciling item between gaap net income and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is based on the marginal statutory federal and state income tax rates for each registrant, taking into account whether the income or expense item is taxable or deductible, respectively, in whole or in part. for all items except the unrealized gains and losses related to ndt funds, the marginal statutory income tax rates for 2019 and 2018 ranged from 26.0 percent to 29.0 percent. under irs regulations, ndt fund investment returns are taxed at different rates for investments if they are in qualified or non-qualified funds. the effective tax rates for the unrealized gains and losses related to ndt funds were 47.3 percent and 46.2 percent for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(a)   net income attributable to common shareholders and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings have been revised to reflect the correction of an error related to pepco's decoupling mechanism. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   reflects the impact of net unrealized gains and losses on generation's ndt fund investments for non-regulatory and regulatory agreement units. the impacts of the regulatory agreement units, including the associated income taxes, are contractually eliminated, resulting in no earnings impact.
(c)   in 2018, primarily reflects the impairment of certain wind projects at generation. in 2019, primarily reflects the impairment of equity method investments in certain distributed energy companies. the impact of such impairment net of noncontrolling interest is $0.02.
(d)   in 2018, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses and one-time charges associated with generation's decision to early retire the oyster creek and tmi nuclear facilities, a charge associated with a remeasurement of the oyster creek aro, partially offset by a gain associated with generation's sale of its electrical contracting business. in 2019, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses associated with the early retirement of the tmi nuclear facility and certain fossil sites and the loss on the sale of oyster creek to holtec, partially offset by net realized gains related to oyster creek's ndt fund investments, a net benefit associated with remeasurements of the tmi aro and a gain on the sale of certain wind assets.
(e)   primarily represents severance and reorganization costs related to cost management programs.
(f)   in 2018, reflects an increase at pepco related primarily to asbestos identified at its buzzard point property. in 2019, reflects a benefit related to generation's annual nuclear aro update for non-regulatory units.
(g)   represents the gain on the settlement of a long-term gas supply agreement at generation.
(h)   in 2018, reflects an adjustment to the remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of the tcja. in 2019, primarily reflects the adjustment to deferred income taxes due to changes in forecasted apportionment.
(i)   represents elimination from generation's results of the noncontrolling interests related to certain exclusion items. in 2018, primarily related to the impact of unrealized losses on ndt fund investments for ceng units. in 2019, primarily related to the impact of unrealized gains on ndt fund investments and the impact of the generation's annual nuclear aro update for ceng units, partially offset by the impairment of certain equity investments in distributed energy companies.
significant 2019 transactions and developments utility rates and base rate proceedings the utility registrants file base rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants' current and future results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
the following tables show the utility registrants' completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2019. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on other regulatory proceedings.
pending distribution base rate case proceedings registrant/jurisdiction                   filing date                                     requested revenue requirement increase     requested roe   expected approval timing pepco - district of columbia (electric)   may 30, 2019 (amended september 16, 2019)                          $160                    10.3        %   fourth quarter of 2020
dpl - maryland (electric)                 december 5, 2019                                                    $19                    10.3        %   third quarter of 2020
peco transmission formula rate on may 1, 2017, peco filed a request with ferc seeking approval to update its transmission rates and change the manner in which peco's transmission rate is determined from a fixed rate to a formula rate. the formula rate will be updated annually to ensure that under this rate customers pay the actual costs of providing transmission services. peco's initial formula rate filing included a requested increase of  $22 million to peco's annual transmission revenue requirement, which reflected a roe of  11%, inclusive of a 50 basis point adder for being a member of a rto. on june 27, 2017, ferc issued an order accepting the filing and suspending the proposed rates until december 1, 2017, subject to refund, and set the matter for hearing and settlement judge procedures.
on december 5, 2019, ferc issued an order accepting without modification the settlement agreement filed by peco and other parties in july 2019. the settlement results in an increase of approximately $14 million with a return on rate base of 7.62% compared to peco's initial formula rate filing and allows for an roe of 10.35%, inclusive of a 50 basis point adder for being a member of the rto. the settlement did not have a material impact on peco's 2017, 2018, or 2019 annual transmission revenue requirements. peco will update its rates in 2020 and refund estimated overcollections totaling approximately $28 million related to the amounts billed under the proposed rates in effect since 2017.
pursuant to the transmission formula rate request discussed above, peco made its annual formula rate updates in may 2018 and 2019, which included a decrease of $6 million and an increase of $8 million, respectively, to the annual transmission revenue requirement. the updated transmission formula rates were effective on june 1, 2018 and 2019, respectively, subject to refund.
cost management programs exelon continues to be committed to managing its costs. on october 31, 2019, exelon announced additional annual cost savings of approximately $100 million, at generation, to be achieved by 2022. these actions are in response to the continuing economic challenges confronting generation's business, necessitating continued focus on cost management through enhanced efficiency and productivity.
ferc order on the pjm mopr on december 19, 2019, ferc issued an order directing pjm to extend the mopr to include new and existing resources, including nuclear, that receive state subsidies, effective as of pjm's next capacity auction. unless illinois and new jersey can implement an frr program in their pjm zones, the mopr will apply to generation's nuclear plants in those states receiving zec benefits, resulting in higher offers for those units that may not clear the capacity market. on january 21, 2020, exelon, pjm and a number of other entities submitted individual requests for rehearing. exelon is currently working with pjm and other stakeholders to pursue the frr option but cannot predict whether the legislative and regulatory changes can be implemented prior to the next capacity auction in pjm. if generation's state-supported nuclear plants in pjm or nyiso are subjected to the mopr without compensation under an frr or similar program, it could have a material adverse impact on exelon's and generation's financial
statements. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
early plant retirements oyster creek. generation permanently ceased generation operations at oyster creek on september 17, 2018. on july 31, 2018, generation entered into an agreement with holtec international and its wholly owned subsidiary, oyster creek environmental protection, llc, for the sale and decommissioning of oyster creek. the sale was completed on july 1, 2019. exelon and generation recognized a loss on the sale in the third quarter 2019, which was immaterial. see note  - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
three mile island. generation permanently ceased operations at tmi on september 20, 2019. as a result of the decision to early retire tmi, exelon and generation recorded a $176 million incremental pre-tax net charge for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily due to accelerated depreciation of the plant assets, partially offset by a benefit associated with the remeasurement of the tmi aro in the first quarter of 2019.
salem. in 2017, pseg announced that its new jersey nuclear plants, including salem, of which generation owns a 42.59% ownership interest, were showing increased signs of economic distress, which could lead to an early retirement. pseg is the operator of salem and also has the decision-making authority to retire salem. in 2018, new jersey enacted legislation that established a zec program that provides compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the njbpu that they meet certain requirements, including that they make a significant contribution to air quality in the state and that their revenues are insufficient to cover their costs and risks. on april 18, 2019, the njbpu approved the award of zecs to salem unit 1 and salem unit 2. assuming the continued effectiveness of the new jersey zec program, generation no longer considers salem to be at heightened risk for early retirement.
dresden, byron and braidwood. generation's dresden, byron and braidwood nuclear plants in illinois are also showing increased signs of economic distress, which could lead to an early retirement, in a market that does not currently compensate them for their unique contribution to grid resiliency and their ability to produce large amounts of energy without carbon and air pollution. the may 2018 pjm capacity auction for the 2021-2022 planning year resulted in the largest volume of nuclear capacity ever not selected in the auction, including all of dresden, and portions of byron and braidwood. exelon continues to work with stakeholders on state policy solutions, while also advocating for broader market reforms at the regional and federal level.
see note  - regulatory matters, note 6 - early plant retirements and note 9 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
ceng put option on november 20, 2019, generation received notice of edf's intention to exercise the put option and sell its 49.99% equity interest in ceng to generation and the put automatically exercised on january 19, 2020 at the end of the sixty-day advance notice period. under the terms of the put option, the purchase price is to be determined by agreement of the parties, or absent such agreement, by a third-party arbitration process. any resulting sale would be subject to the approval of the nypsc, the ferc and the nrc. the process and regulatory approvals could take one to two years or more to complete. see note  - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for additional information.
conowingo hydroelectric project in connection with generation's pursuit of a new ferc license for conowingo, on october 29, 2019, generation and mde filed with ferc a joint offer of settlement that would resolve all outstanding issues between the parties, effective upon and subject to ferc's approval and incorporation of the terms into the new license when issued. the financial impact of this settlement, along with other anticipated and prior license commitments, would be recognized over the term of the new 50-year license and is estimated to be, on average, $11 million to $14 million per year, including capital and operating costs. the actual timing and amount of a majority of these costs are not currently fixed and will vary from year to year throughout the life of the new license. generation cannot currently predict when ferc will issue the new license. see note  - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
generation's antelope valley, a 242 mw solar facility in lancaster, ca, sells all of its output to pg&e through a ppa. on january 29, 2019, pg&e filed for protection under chapter 11 of the u.s. bankruptcy code. as of december 31, 2019, generation had approximately $725 million and $485 million of net long-lived assets and nonrecourse debt outstanding, respectively, related to antelope valley. pg&e's bankruptcy created an event of default for antelope valley's nonrecourse debt that provides the lender with a right to accelerate amounts outstanding under the loan such that they would become immediately due and payable. as a result of the ongoing event of default and the absence of a waiver from the lender foregoing their acceleration rights, the debt was reclassified as current in exelon's and generation's consolidated balance sheets in the first quarter of 2019 and continues to be classified as current as of december 31, 2019.
in the first quarter of 2019, generation assessed and determined that antelope valley's long-lived assets were not impaired. significant changes in assumptions such as the likelihood of the ppa being rejected as part of the bankruptcy proceedings could potentially result in future impairments of antelope valley's net long-lived assets, which could be material. generation is monitoring the bankruptcy proceedings for any changes in circumstances that would indicate the carrying amount of the net long-lived assets of antelope valley may not be recoverable.
see note 11 - asset impairments and note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the pg&e bankruptcy.
exelon's strategy and outlook for 2020 and beyond exelon's value proposition and competitive advantage come from its scope and its core strengths of operational excellence and financial discipline. exelon leverages its integrated business model to create value. exelon's regulated and competitive businesses feature a mix of attributes that, when combined, offer shareholders and customers a unique value proposition:
•   generation's competitive businesses provide free cash flow to invest primarily in the utilities and to reduce debt.
exelon believes its strategy provides a platform for optimal success in an energy industry experiencing fundamental and sweeping change.
exelon's utility strategy is to improve reliability and operations and enhance the customer experience, while ensuring ratemaking mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. the utility registrants only invest in rate base where it provides a benefit to customers and the community by improving reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. the utility registrants make these investments at the lowest reasonable cost to customers. exelon seeks to leverage its scale and expertise across the utilities platform through enhanced standardization and sharing of resources and best practices to achieve improved operational and financial results. additionally, the utility registrants anticipate making significant future investments in smart grid technology, transmission projects, gas infrastructure, and electric system improvement projects, providing greater reliability and improved service for our customers and a stable return for the company.
generation's competitive businesses create value for customers by providing innovative energy solutions and reliable, clean and affordable energy. generation's electricity generation strategy is to pursue opportunities that provide stable revenues and generation to load matching to reduce earnings volatility. generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to deliver energy to both wholesale and retail customers. generation's customer-facing activities foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for its customers. generation operates in well-developed energy markets and employs an integrated hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility. its generation fleet, including its nuclear plants which consistently operate at high capacity factors, also provide geographic and supply source diversity. these factors help generation mitigate the current challenging conditions in competitive energy markets.
exelon's financial priorities are to maintain investment grade credit metrics at each of the registrants, to maintain optimal capital structure and to return value to exelon's shareholders with an attractive dividend throughout the energy commodity market cycle and through stable earnings growth.
as part of its strategic business planning process, exelon routinely reviews its hedging policy, dividend policy, operating and capital costs, capital spending plans, strength of its balance sheet and credit metrics, and sufficiency of its liquidity position, by performing various stress tests with differing variables, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging practices, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades.
exelon's board of directors approved a dividend policy providing a raise of 5% each year for the period covering 2018 through 2020, beginning with the march 2018 dividend.
various market, financial, regulatory, legislative and operational factors could affect the registrants' success in pursuing their strategies. exelon continues to assess infrastructure, operational, commercial, policy, and legal solutions to these issues. one key issue is ensuring the ability to properly value nuclear generation assets in the market, solutions to which exelon is actively pursuing in a variety of jurisdictions and venues. see item 1a. risk factors for additional information regarding market and financial factors.
exelon continues to be committed to managing its costs. in november 2017, exelon announced a commitment for $250 million of cost savings, primarily at generation, to be achieved by 2020. in november 2018, exelon announced the elimination of an approximately additional $200 million of annual ongoing costs, through initiatives primarily at generation and bsc, by 2021. approximately $150 million is expected to be related to generation, with the remaining amount related to the utility registrants. in october 2019, exelon announced additional annual cost savings of approximately $100 million, at generation, to be achieved by 2022. these actions are in response to the continuing economic challenges confronting generation's business, necessitating continued focus on cost management through enhanced efficiency and productivity.
growth opportunities management continually evaluates growth opportunities aligned with exelon's businesses, assets and markets, leveraging exelon's expertise in those areas and offering sustainable returns.
regulated energy businesses. the utility registrants anticipate investing approximately $26 billion over the next four years in electric and natural gas infrastructure improvements and modernization projects, including smart grid technology, storm hardening, advanced reliability technologies, and transmission projects, which is projected to result in an increase to current rate base of approximately $13 billion by the end of 2023. the utility registrants invest in rate base where beneficial to customers and the community by increasing reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. these investments are made at the lowest reasonable cost to customers.
see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the smart meter and smart grid investments and infrastructure development and enhancement programs.
competitive energy businesses. generation continually assesses the optimal structure and composition of its generation assets as well as explores wholesale and retail opportunities within the power and gas sectors. generation's long-term growth strategy is to ensure appropriate valuation of its generation assets, in part through public policy efforts, identify and capitalize on opportunities that provide generation to load matching as a means to provide stable earnings, and identify emerging technologies where strategic investments provide the option for significant future growth or influence in market development.
other key business drivers and management strategies utility rates and rate proceedings the utility registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants' current and future results of operations, cash flows and financial positions. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these regulatory proceedings.
power markets price of fuels the use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is increasing natural gas supply and reserves, which places downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on wholesale and retail power prices, which results in a reduction in exelon's revenues. forward natural gas prices have declined significantly over the last several years; in part reflecting an increase in supply due to strong natural gas production (due to shale gas development).
ferc inquiry on resiliency on august 23, 2017, the doe staff released its report on the reliability of the electric grid. one aspect of the wide-ranging report is the doe's recognition that the electricity markets do not currently value the resiliency provided by base-load generation, such as nuclear plants. on september 28, 2017, the doe issued a notice of proposed rulemaking (nopr) that would entitle certain eligible resilient generating units (i.e., those located in organized markets, with a 90-day supply of fuel on site, not already subject to state cost of service regulation and satisfying certain other requirements) to recover fully allocated costs and earn a fair return on equity on their investment. on january 8, 2018, ferc issued an order terminating the rulemaking docket that it initiated to address the proposed rule in the doe nopr, concluding the proposed rule did not sufficiently demonstrate there is a resiliency issue and that it proposed a remedy that did not appear to be just, reasonable and nondiscriminatory as required under the federal power act. at the same time, ferc initiated a new proceeding to consider resiliency challenges to the bulk power system and evaluate whether additional ferc action to address resiliency would be appropriate. ferc directed each rto and iso to respond within 60 days to 24 specific questions about how they assess and mitigate threats to resiliency. thereafter, interested parties submitted reply comments on may 9, 2018, and a few parties submitted further replies. exelon has been and will continue to be an active participant in these proceedings but cannot predict the final outcome or its potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
section 232 uranium petition on january 16, 2018, two canadian-owned uranium mining companies with operations in the u.s. jointly submitted a petition to the u.s. department of commerce (doc) seeking relief under section 232 of the trade expansion act of 1962, as amended, (the act) from imports of uranium products, alleging that these imports threaten national security (the petition). the relief requested would have required u.s. nuclear reactors to purchase at least 25% of their uranium needs from domestic mines for the next 10 years or more. the act was promulgated by congress to protect essential national security industries whose survival is threatened by imports. as such, the act authorizes the secretary of commerce (the secretary) to conduct investigations to evaluate the effects of imports of any item on the national security of the u.s. the petition alleges that the loss of a viable u.s. uranium mining industry would have a significant detrimental impact on the national, energy, and economic security of the u.s. and the ability of the country to sustain an independent nuclear fuel cycle.
on july 18, 2018, the secretary announced that the doc had initiated an investigation in response to the petition. the secretary submitted a report to president trump on april 14, 2019 that has not been made public. on july 12, 2019, the president issued a memorandum indicating that he did not agree with the secretary's finding that uranium imports threaten to impair the national security of the united states, choosing not to impose any trade restrictions at this time.the president found that a fuller analysis of national security considerations with respect to the entire nuclear fuel supply chain is necessary and directed that a united states nuclear fuel working group (working group) be established to develop recommendations for reviving and expanding domestic nuclear fuel production. the working group report has not yet been issued and is not expected to be made public. the working group is co-chaired by the assistant to the president for national security affairs and the assistant to the president for economic policy. exelon will monitor and volunteer to provide information to support the working group's efforts. exelon and generation cannot currently predict the outcome of the working group report and subsequent actions.
complaint at ferc seeking to alter capacity market default offer caps on february 21, 2019, pjm's independent market monitor (imm) filed a complaint alleging that the number of performance assessment intervals used to calculate the default offer cap for bids to supply capacity in pjm is too high, resulting in an overstated default offer cap that obviates the need for most sellers to seek unit-specific approval of their offers. the imm claims that this allows for the exercise of market power. the imm asks ferc to require pjm to reduce the number of performance assessment intervals used to calculate the opportunity costs of a capacity supplier assuming a capacity obligation. this would, in turn, lower the default offer cap and allow the imm to review more offers on a unit-specific basis. it is too early to predict the final outcome of this proceeding or its potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
energy demand modest economic growth partially offset by energy efficiency initiatives is resulting in relatively flat load growth in electricity for the utility registrants. comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace are projecting load volumes to increase (decrease) by (0.3)%, (0.7)%, (1.2)%, (0.4)%, (0.5)% and (0.4)%, respectively, in 2020 compared to 2019.
retail competition generation's retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affect the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. forward natural gas and power prices are expected to remain low and thus we expect retail competitors to stay aggressive in their pursuit of market share, and that wholesale generators (including generation) will continue to use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
hedging strategy exelon's policy to hedge commodity risk on a ratable basis over three-year periods is intended to reduce the financial impact of market price volatility. generation is exposed to commodity price risk associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity portfolio. generation enters into non-derivative and derivative contracts, including financially-settled swaps, futures contracts and swap options, and physical options and physical forward contracts, all with credit-approved counterparties, to hedge this anticipated exposure. as of december 31, 2019, the percentage of expected generation hedged for the mid-atlantic, midwest, new york and ercot reportable segments is 91%-94% and 61%-64% for 2020 and 2021, respectively. generation has been and will continue to be proactive in using hedging strategies to mitigate commodity price risk.
generation procures natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts and spot-market purchases. nuclear fuel assemblies are obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. the supply markets for uranium concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. approximately 60% of generation's uranium concentrate requirements from 2020 through 2024 are supplied by three suppliers. in the event of non-performance by these or other suppliers, generation believes that replacement uranium concentrate can be obtained, although at prices that may be unfavorable when compared to the prices under the current supply agreements. non-performance by these counterparties could have a material adverse impact on exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows and financial positions.
see note 15 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements and item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for additional information.
the utility registrants mitigate commodity price risk through regulatory mechanisms that allow them to recover procurement costs from retail customers.
environmental legislative and regulatory developments exelon was actively involved in the obama administration's development and implementation of environmental regulations for the electric industry, in pursuit of its business strategy to provide reliable, clean, affordable and innovative energy products. these efforts have most frequently involved air, water and waste controls for fossil-fueled electric generating units, as set forth in the discussion below. these regulations have had a disproportionate adverse impact on coal-fired power plants, requiring significant expenditures of capital and variable operating and maintenance expense, and have resulted in the retirement of older, marginal facilities. due to its low emission generation portfolio, generation has not been significantly affected by these regulations, representing a competitive advantage relative to electric generators that are more reliant on fossil fuel plants.
through the issuance of a series of executive orders (eo), president trump has initiated review of a number of epa and other regulations issued during the obama administration, with the expectation that the administration will seek repeal or significant revision of these rules. under these eos, each executive agency is required to evaluate existing regulations and make recommendations regarding repeal, replacement, or modification. the administration's actions are intended to result in less stringent compliance requirements under air, water, and waste regulations. the exact nature, extent, and timing of the regulatory changes are unknown, as well as the ultimate impact on exelon's and its subsidiaries results of operations and cash flows.
in particular, the administration has targeted existing epa regulations for repeal, including notably the clean power plan, as well as revoking many executive orders, reports, and guidance issued by the obama administration on the topic of climate change or the regulation of greenhouse gases. the executive order also disbanded the interagency working group that developed the social cost of carbon used in rulemakings, and withdrew all technical support documents supporting the calculation. other regulations that have been specifically identified for review are the clean water act rule relating to jurisdictional waters of the u.s., the steam electric effluent guidelines relating to waste water discharges from coal-fired power plants, and the 2015 national ambient air quality standard (naaqs) for ozone. the review of final rules could extend over several years as formal notice and comment rulemaking process proceeds.
air quality mercury and air toxics standard rule (mats). on december 16, 2011, the epa signed a final rule to reduce emissions of toxic air pollutants from power plants and signed revisions to the nsps for electric generating units. the final rule, known as mats, requires coal-fired electric generation plants to achieve high removal rates of mercury, acid gases and other metals, and to make capital investments in pollution control equipment and incur higher operating expenses. numerous entities challenged mats in the d.c. circuit court, and exelon intervened in support of the rule. in april 2014, the d.c. circuit court issued an opinion upholding mats in its entirety. on appeal, the u.s. supreme court decided in june 2015 that the epa unreasonably refused to consider costs in determining whether it is appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutants emitted by electric utilities, but did not vacate the rule. on april 27, 2017, the d.c. circuit court granted epa's motion to hold the litigation in abeyance, pending epa's review of the mats rule pursuant to president trump's eo discussed above. notwithstanding the court's order to hold the litigation in abeyance, the mats rule remains in effect. exelon will continue to participate in the remanded proceedings before the d.c. circuit court as an intervenor in support of the rule. on december 28, 2018, the epa proposed to revoke the "appropriate and necessary" finding underpinning the mats rule. while the proposal would leave in place the rule, it would leave it vulnerable to future legal challenge. on february 7, 2019, epa published its reconsideration of supplemental finding and residual risk and technology review. after considering public comment, epa transmitted a final version to the office of management and budget for review prior to publication.
clean power plan. on april 28, 2017, the d.c. circuit court issued orders in separate litigation related to the epa's actions under the clean power plan (cpp) to amend clean air act section 111(d) regulation of existing fossil-fired electric generating units and section 111(b) regulation of new fossil-fired electric generating units. in both cases, the court has determined to hold the litigation in abeyance pending a determination whether the rule should be remanded to the epa. in june 2019, epa issued a final rule that repealed the cpp, and finalized the affordable clean energy rule to replace the cpp with less stringent emissions guidelines based on heat rate improvement measures that could be achieved within the fence line of existing power plants. the affordable clean energy rule is currently being litigated.
2015 ozone national ambient air quality standards (naaqs). on april 11, 2017, the d.c. circuit court ordered that the consolidated 2015 ozone naaqs litigation be held in abeyance pending epa's further review of the 2015 rule. on august 23, 2019, the d.c. circuit court upheld the stringency of naaqs, but remanded certain aspects of its secondary standard to epa for revision.
primary so2 national ambient air quality standards (naaqs). epa took final action on april 17, 2019 to retain the current primary so2 standard without revision, leaving the standard established in 2010 in effect.
climate change. exelon supports comprehensive climate change legislation or regulation, including a cap-and-trade program for ghg emissions, which balances the need to protect consumers, business and the economy with the urgent need to reduce national ghg emissions. in the absence of federal legislation, the epa is moving forward with the regulation of ghg emissions under the clean air act. in addition, there have been recent developments in the international regulation of ghg emissions pursuant to the united nations framework convention on climate change ("unfccc" or "convention"). see item 1. business, "global climate change" for additional information.
water quality section 316(b) requires that the cooling water intake structures at electric power plants reflect the best technology available to minimize adverse environmental impacts and is implemented through state-level npdes permit programs. all of generation's power generation facilities with cooling water systems are subject to the regulations. facilities without closed-cycle recirculating systems (e.g., cooling towers) are potentially most affected by recent changes to the regulations. for generation, those facilities are calvert cliffs, clinton, dresden, eddystone, fairless hills, fitzpatrick, ginna, gould street, handley, mystic 7, nine mile point unit 1, peach bottom, quad cities, and salem. see item 1. business, "water quality" for additional information.
clean water rule in 2015, the epa and the us army corps of engineers, finalized the clean water rule that significantly expanded the definition of the waters of the united states under the clean water act and resulted in increased environmental costs for some projects. on october 22, 2019, the epa and the us army corps of engineers repealed the 2015 clean water rule and restored the definition of the waters of the united states that existed prior to this rule. on january 23, 2020, a new final rule was issued by the epa and the us army corps of engineers to streamline and clarify the definition of waters of the united states and will be effective sixty days after publication in the federal register. this rule represents final action by these government agencies to narrow the scope of waters of the united states that are regulated under the federal clean water act.
solid and hazardous waste in october 2015, the first federal regulation for the disposal of coal combustion residuals (ccr) from power plants became effective. the rule classifies ccr as non-hazardous waste under rcra. under the regulation, ccr will continue to be regulated by most states subject to coordination with the federal regulations. generation has previously recorded accruals consistent with state regulation for its owned coal ash sites, and as such, the regulation is not expected to impact exelon's and generation's financial results. generation does not have sufficient information to reasonably assess the potential likelihood or magnitude of any remediation requirements that may be asserted under the new federal regulations for coal ash disposal sites formerly owned by generation. for these reasons, generation is unable to predict whether and to what extent it may ultimately be held responsible for remediation and other costs relating to formerly owned coal ash disposal sites under the new regulations.
see note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to environmental matters.
other legislative and regulatory developments illinois clean energy progress act on march 14, 2019, the clean energy progress act was introduced in the illinois general assembly to preserve illinois' clean energy choices arising from feja and empower the ipa to conduct capacity procurements outside of pjm's base residual auction process, while utilizing the fixed resource requirement provisions in pjm's tariffs which are still subject to penalties and other obligations under the pjm tariffs. the most significant provisions of the proposed legislation are as follows: (1) it allows the ipa to procure capacity directly from clean energy resources that have previously sold zecs or recs, including certain of generation's nuclear plants in illinois, or from new clean energy resources, (2) it establishes a goal of achieving 100% carbon-free power in the comed service territory by 2032, and (3) it implements reforms to enhance consumer protections in the state's competitive retail electricity and natural gas markets, including generation's retail customers. energy legislation has also been proposed by other stakeholders, including renewable resource developers, environmental advocates, and coal-fueled generators. exelon and generation will work with legislators and stakeholders and cannot predict the outcome or the potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
nuclear powers act of 2019
on april 12, 2019, the nuclear powers america act of 2019 was introduced to the united states congress, which expands the current investment tax credit to existing nuclear power plants. the proposed legislation would provide a credit equal to 30% of continued capital investment in certain nuclear energy-related expenditures, including capital expenses and nuclear fuel, starting from tax years 2019 through 2023. thereafter, the credit rate would be reduced to 26% in 2024, 22% in 2025, and 10% in 2026 and beyond. to qualify for the credit, the plant must be currently operational and must have applied for an operating license renewal before 2026.  exelon and generation are working with legislators and stakeholders and cannot predict the outcome or the potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements. management believes that the accounting policies described below require significant judgment in their application, or incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. additional information of the application of these accounting policies can be found in the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
nuclear decommissioning asset retirement obligations (exelon and generation)
generation's aro associated with decommissioning its nuclear units was $10.5 billion at december 31, 2019. the authoritative guidance requires that generation estimate its obligation for the future decommissioning of its nuclear generating plants. to estimate that liability, generation uses an internally-developed, probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple decommissioning outcome scenarios.
as a result of recent nuclear plant retirements in the industry, nuclear operators and third-party service providers are obtaining more information about costs associated with decommissioning activities. at the same time, regulators are gaining more information about decommissioning activities which could result in changes to existing decommissioning requirements. in addition, as more nuclear plants are retired, it is possible that technological advances will be identified that could create efficiencies and lead to a reduction in decommissioning costs. the availability of ndt funds could impact the timing of the decommissioning activities. additionally, certain factors such as changes in regulatory requirements during plant operations or the profitability of a nuclear plant could impact the timing of plant retirements. these factors could result in material changes to generation's current estimates as more information becomes available and could change the timing of plant retirements and the probability assigned to the decommissioning outcome scenarios.
the nuclear decommissioning obligation is adjusted on a regular basis due to the passage of time and revisions to the key assumptions for the expected timing and/or estimated amounts of the future undiscounted cash flows required to decommission the nuclear plants, based upon the following methodologies and significant estimates and assumptions:
decommissioning cost studies. generation uses unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment of the expected costs (in current year dollars) and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current decommissioning projects within the industry and other estimates. decommissioning cost studies are updated, on a rotational basis, for each of generation's nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. as part of the annual cost study update process, generation evaluates newly assumed costs or substantive changes in previously assumed costs to determine if the cost estimate impacts are sufficiently material to warrant application of the updated estimates to the aros across the nuclear fleet outside of the normal five-year rotating cost study update cycle.
cost escalation factors. generation uses cost escalation factors to escalate the decommissioning costs from the decommissioning cost studies discussed above through the assumed decommissioning period for each of the units. cost escalation studies, updated on an annual basis, are used to determine escalation factors, and are based on inflation indices for labor, equipment and materials, energy, llrw disposal and other costs. all of the nuclear aros are adjusted each year for the updated cost escalation factors.
probabilistic cash flow models. generation's probabilistic cash flow models include the assignment of probabilities to various scenarios for decommissioning cost levels, decommissioning approaches, and timing of plant shutdown on a unit-by-unit basis. probabilities assigned to cost levels include an assessment of the likelihood of costs 20% higher (high-cost scenario) or 15% lower (low-cost scenario) than the base cost scenario. the assumed decommissioning scenarios include the following three alternatives: (1) decon which assumes decommissioning activities begin shortly after the cessation of operation, (2) shortened safstor generally has a 30-year delay prior to onset of decommissioning activities, and (3) safstor which assumes the nuclear facility is placed and maintained in such condition that the nuclear facility can be safely stored and subsequently decontaminated generally within 60 years after cessation of operations. in each decommissioning scenario, spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as soon as possible until doe acceptance for disposal.
the actual decommissioning approach selected once a nuclear facility is shutdown will be determined by generation at the time of shutdown and may be influenced by multiple factors including the funding status of the nuclear decommissioning trust fund at the time of shutdown.
the assumed plant shutdown timing scenarios include the following four alternatives: (1) the probability of operating through the original 40-year nuclear license term, (2) the probability of operating through an extended 60-year nuclear license term (regardless of whether such 20-year license extension has been received for each unit), (3) the probability of a second, 20-year license renewal for some nuclear units, and (4) the probability of early plant retirement for certain sites due to changing market conditions and regulatory environments. the successful operation of nuclear plants in the u.s. beyond the initial 40-year license terms has prompted the nrc to consider regulatory and technical requirements for potential plant operations for an 80-year nuclear operating term. as power market and regulatory environment developments occur, generation evaluates and incorporates, as necessary, the impacts of such developments into its nuclear aro assumptions and estimates.
generation's probabilistic cash flow models also include an assessment of the timing of doe acceptance of snf for disposal. generation currently assumes doe will begin accepting snf in 2030. the snf acceptance date assumption is based on management's estimates of the amount of time required for doe to select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure for long-term snf storage. for additional information regarding the estimated date that doe will begin accepting snf, see note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
discount rates. the probability-weighted estimated future cash flows for the various assumed scenarios are discounted using credit-adjusted, risk-free rates (carfr) applicable to the various businesses in which each of the nuclear units originally operated. generation initially recognizes an aro at fair value and subsequently adjusts it for changes to estimated costs, timing of future cash flows and modifications to decommissioning assumptions. the aro is not required or permitted to be re-measured for changes in the carfr that occur in isolation. increases in the aro as a result of upward revisions in estimated undiscounted cash flows are considered new obligations and are measured using a current carfr as the increase creates a new cost layer within the aro. any decrease in the estimated undiscounted future cash flows relating to the aro are treated as a modification of an existing aro cost layer and, therefore, is measured using the average historical carfr rates used in creating the initial aro cost layers. if generation's future nominal cash flows associated with the aro were to be discounted at current prevailing carfr, the obligation would increase from approximately $10.5 billion to approximately $13.2 billion.
the following table illustrates the significant impact that changes in the carfr, when combined with changes in projected amounts and expected timing of cash flows, can have on the valuation of the aro (dollars in millions):
change in the carfr applied to the annual aro update   increase (decrease) to aro at december 31, 2019
aro sensitivities. changes in the assumptions underlying the aro could materially affect the decommissioning obligation. the impact to the aro of a change in any one of these assumptions is highly dependent on how the other assumptions may correspondingly change.
the following table illustrates the effects of changing certain aro assumptions while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
change in aro assumption                                                                                                                 increase to aro at december 31, 2019
cost escalation studies uniform increase in escalation rates of 50 basis points                                                                                     $2,250
increase the likelihood of the decon scenario by 10 percent and decrease the likelihood of the safstor scenario by 10 percent(a)               550
shorten each unit's probability weighted operating life assumption by 10 percent(b)                                                          1,570
extend the estimated date for doe acceptance of snf to 2035                                                                                    350
(a)   excludes any sites in which management has committed to a specific decommissioning approach.
see note 1 - significant accounting policies, note 6 - early plant retirements and note 9 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounting for nuclear aros.
as of december 31, 2019, exelon's $6.7 billion carrying amount of goodwill consists of $2.6 billion at comed, $4 billion at phi and immaterial amounts at generation and dpl. these entities are required to perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment. comed has a single operating segment and reporting unit. phi's operating segments and reporting units are pepco, dpl and ace. see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. exelon's and comed's goodwill has been assigned entirely to the comed reporting unit. exelon's and phi's goodwill has been assigned to the pepco, dpl and ace reporting units in the amounts of $2.1 billion, $1.4 billion and $0.5 billion, respectively. see note 12 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
entities assessing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. as part of the qualitative assessments, exelon, comed and phi evaluate, among other things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer ebitda multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed.
application of the goodwill impairment test requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for comed's, pepco's, dpl's and ace's businesses and the fair value of debt. in applying the second step, if needed, management must estimate the fair value of specific assets and liabilities of the reporting unit.
while the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used in the assessment are highly sensitive to changes. adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of exelon's, comed's or phi's goodwill, which could be material. based on the results of the
last annual quantitative goodwill tests performed as of november 1, 2016 and november 1, 2018 for comed and phi, respectively, the estimated fair values of the comed, pepco, dpl and ace reporting units would have needed to decrease by more than 30%, 30%, 20% and 30%, respectively, for comed and phi to fail the first step of their respective impairment tests.
see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 12 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
purchase accounting (exelon, generation and phi)
assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquired business are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. the difference between the purchase price amount and the net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill on the balance sheet if the purchase price exceeds the estimated net fair value or as a bargain purchase gain on the income statement if the purchase price is less than the estimated net fair value. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment, often utilizes independent valuation experts and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. the judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, could significantly impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. the allocation of the purchase price may be modified up to one year after the acquisition date as more information is obtained about the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. if the transaction is determined to be an asset acquisition the purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed and no goodwill or bargain purchase gain would be recorded.  see note  - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities (exelon, generation and phi)
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities represent the remaining unamortized balances of non-derivative energy contracts that generation has acquired and the electricity contracts exelon has acquired as part of the phi merger. the initial amount recorded represents the fair value of the contracts at the time of acquisition. at exelon and phi, offsetting regulatory assets or liabilities were also recorded for those energy contract costs that are probable of recovery or refund through customer rates. the unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities and any corresponding regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively, are amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows. amortization of the unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities is recorded through purchased power and fuel expense or operating revenues, depending on the nature of the underlying contract. see note  - regulatory matters, note 2 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions and note 12 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
impairment of long-lived assets (all registrants)
all registrants regularly monitor and evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets and asset groups for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. indicators of potential impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, an asset remaining idle for more than a short period of time, specific regulatory disallowance, advances in technology, plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life, and financial distress of a third party for assets contracted with them on a long-term basis, among others.
the review of long-lived assets and asset groups for impairment utilizes significant assumptions about operating strategies and estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. for the generation business, forecasting future cash flows requires assumptions regarding forecasted commodity prices for the sale of power and purchases of fuel and the expected operations of assets. a variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the recoverability of an asset or asset group and, thus, could potentially result in material future impairments. an impairment evaluation is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets or asset groups are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. for the generation business, the lowest level of independent cash flows is determined by the evaluation of several factors, including the geographic dispatch of the generation units and the hedging strategies related to those units as well as the associated intangible assets or
liabilities recorded on the balance sheet. the cash flows from the generating units are generally evaluated at a regional portfolio level with cash flows generated from the customer supply and risk management activities, including cash flows from related intangible assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. in certain cases, generating assets may be evaluated on an individual basis where those assets are contracted on a long-term basis with a third party and operations are independent of other generating assets (typically contracted renewables). for such assets the financial viability of the third party, including the impact of bankruptcy on the contract, may be a significant assumption in the assessment.
on a quarterly basis, generation assesses its long-lived assets or asset groups for indicators of impairment. if indicators are present for a long-lived asset or asset group, a comparison of the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value is performed. when the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. the fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group is dependent upon a market participant's view of the exit price of the assets. this includes significant assumptions of the estimated future cash flows generated by the assets and market discount rates. events and circumstances often do not occur as expected and there will usually be differences between prospective financial information and actual results, and those differences may be material. the determination of fair value is driven by both internal assumptions that include significant unobservable inputs (level 3) such as revenue and generation forecasts, projected capital, and maintenance expenditures and discount rates, as well as information from various public, financial and industry sources.
see note 11 - asset impairments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of asset impairment assessments.
depreciable lives of property, plant and equipment (all registrants)
the registrants have significant investments in electric generation assets and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets. these assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the group, composite or unitary methods of depreciation. the group approach is typically for groups of similar assets that have approximately the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for heterogeneous assets that have different lives. under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group. the estimation of asset useful lives requires management judgment, supported by formal depreciation studies of historical asset retirement experience. depreciation studies are generally completed every five years, or more frequently if required by a rate regulator or if an event, regulatory action, or change in retirement patterns indicate an update is necessary.
for the utility registrants, depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowed in customer rates for recovery of depreciation costs. generally, the utility registrants adjust their depreciation rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with adjustments to depreciation rates reflected in customer rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in customer rates do not align with management's judgment as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been updated on a timely basis. depreciation expense and customer rates for comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace includes an estimate of the future costs of dismantling and removing plant from service upon retirement. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding regulatory liabilities and assets recorded by comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace related to removal costs.
peco's removal costs are capitalized to accumulated depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset constructed consistent with peco's regulatory recovery method. estimates for such removal costs are also evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
at generation, along with depreciation study results, management considers expected future energy market conditions and generation plant operating costs and capital investment requirements in determining the estimated service lives of its generating facilities. see note 6 - early plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
changes in estimated useful lives of electric generation assets and of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets could have a significant impact on the registrants' future results of operations. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the property, plant and equipment of the registrants.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement employee benefits (all registrants)
exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement employee benefit plans for substantially all current employees. the measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting policy elections. when developing the required assumptions, exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations. the measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected by several assumptions including the discount rate applied to benefit obligations, the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the anticipated rate of increase of health care costs, exelon's expected level of contributions to the plans, the incidence of participant mortality, the expected remaining service period of plan participants, the level of compensation and rate of compensation increases, employee age, length of service, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain plans, among others. the assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations. exelon amortizes actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value (mrv) of plan assets over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants.
pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets include equity securities, including u.s. and international securities, and fixed income securities, as well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity and hedge funds.
expected rate of return on plan assets. in determining the eroa, exelon considers historical economic indicators (including inflation and gdp growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectation regarding future long-term capital market performance, weighted by exelon's target asset class allocations. exelon calculates the amount of expected return on pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets by multiplying the eroa by the mrv of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. in determining mrv, the authoritative guidance for pensions and postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic and rational manner over not more than five years. for the majority of pension plan assets, exelon uses a calculated value that adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected mrv of plan assets. use of this calculated value approach enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. for other postretirement benefit plan assets and certain pension plan assets, exelon uses fair value to calculate the mrv.
discount rate. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, the discount rates were determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of high-quality non-callable (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to the related pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. the spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit distribution amounts under the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. exelon utilizes an analytical tool developed by its actuaries to determine the discount rates.
mortality. the mortality assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy. exelon's mortality assumption is supported by an actuarial experience study of exelon's plan participants and beginning in 2019, utilizes the society of actuaries' 2019 base table (pri-2012) and mp-2019 improvement scale adjusted to a 0.75% long-term rate reached in 2035.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions. the following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
actual assumption actuarial assumption                                 pension            opeb   change inassumption             pension              opeb              total change in 2019 cost:
change in benefit obligation at december 31, 2019:
(a)   in general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and other postretirement benefit cost and obligation as the rate moves closer to 0%. therefore, the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. additionally, exelon utilizes a liability-driven investment strategy for its pension asset portfolio. the sensitivities shown above do not reflect the offsetting impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
see note 14 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
for their regulated electric and gas operations, exelon and the utility registrants reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in their financial statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities' cost of providing services or products; and (3) a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates. regulatory liabilities represent (1) revenue or gains that have been deferred because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved regulatory programs. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria discussed above, exelon and the utility registrants would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the impact would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and could be material.
the following table illustrates the gains (losses) that could result from the elimination of regulatory assets and liabilities and charges against oci (dollars in millions before taxes) related to deferred costs associated with exelon's pension and other postretirement benefit plans that are recorded as regulatory assets in exelon's consolidated balance sheets:
(a)   exelon's charge against oci (before taxes) consists of up to $2.3 billion, $176 million, $176 million, $396 million, $191 million and $86 million related to comed's, bge's, phi's, pepco's, dpl's and ace's respective portions of the deferred costs associated with exelon's pension and other postretirement benefit plans. exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $(44) million (before taxes) related to peco's portion of the deferred costs associated with exelon's other postretirement benefit plans that would result in an increase in oci if reversed.
see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities tables of exelon and the utility registrants.
for each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, exelon and the utility registrants assess whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs in each registrant's jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. if the assessments and estimates made by exelon and the utility registrants for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately different than actual regulatory outcomes, the impact in their consolidated financial statements could be material.
refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with icc-approved electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rates for comed, and ferc transmission formula rate tariffs for the utility registrants.
the registrants use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk related to ongoing business operations. the registrants' derivative activities are in accordance with exelon's risk management policy (rmp). see note 15 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants account for derivative financial instruments under the applicable authoritative guidance. determining whether a contract qualifies as a derivative requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing market liquidity as well as determining whether a contract has one or more underlyings and one or more notional quantities. changes in management's assessment of contracts and the liquidity of their markets, and changes in authoritative guidance, could result in previously excluded contracts becoming in scope to new authoritative guidance.
all derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected under, npns. derivatives entered into for economic hedging and for proprietary trading purposes are recorded at fair value through earnings. for economic hedges that are not designated for hedge accounting for the utility registrants, changes in the fair value each period are generally recorded with a corresponding offsetting regulatory asset or liability given likelihood of recovering the associated costs through customer rates.
normal purchases and normal sales exception. as part of generation's energy marketing business, generation enters into contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the requirements of its customers. these contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and energy-related products in the retail and wholesale markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery. while some of these contracts are considered derivative financial instruments under the authoritative guidance, certain of these qualifying transactions have been designated by generation as npns transactions, which are thus not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather on an accrual basis of accounting. determining whether a contract qualifies for the npns requires judgment on whether the contract will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all of the associated qualification and documentation requirements. revenues and expenses on contracts that qualify as npns are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is completed. contracts that qualify for the npns are those for which physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period of time and the contract is not financially settled on a net basis. the contracts that comed has entered into with suppliers as part of comed's energy procurement process, peco's full requirement contracts under the papuc-approved dsp program, most of peco's natural gas supply agreements, all of bge's full requirement contracts and natural gas supply agreements that are derivatives and certain pepco, dpl and ace full requirement contracts qualify for and are accounted for under the npns.
commodity contracts. identification of a commodity contract as an economic hedge requires generation to determine that the contract is in accordance with the rmp. generation reassesses its economic hedges on a regular basis to determine if they continue to be within the guidelines of the rmp.
as a part of the authoritative guidance, the registrants make estimates and assumptions concerning future commodity prices, load requirements, interest rates, the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows, the fair value of contracts and the expected changes in the fair value in deciding whether or not to enter into derivative
transactions, and in determining the initial accounting treatment for derivative transactions. under the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements, the registrants categorize these derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
derivative contracts are traded in both exchange-based and non-exchange-based markets. exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are generally categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
certain derivatives' pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter, on-line exchanges. the price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask mid-point from markets that the registrants believe provide the most liquid market for the commodity. the price quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and representative of an orderly transaction between market participants. the registrant's derivatives are traded predominately at liquid trading points. the remaining derivative contracts are valued using models that consider inputs such as contract terms, including maturity, and market parameters, and assumptions of the future prices of energy, interest rates, volatility, credit worthiness and credit spread. for derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, the model inputs are generally observable. such instruments are categorized in level 2.
for derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs and are categorized in level 3.
the registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivative contracts, including both historical and current market data in its assessment of nonperformance risk, including credit risk. the impacts of nonperformance and credit risk to date have generally not been material to the financial statements.
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk and note 17 - fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 15 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants' derivative instruments.
significant management judgment is required in determining the registrants' provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. the registrants account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
the registrants evaluate quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. the registrants also assess negative evidence, such as the expiration of historical operating loss or tax credit carryforwards, that could indicate the registrant's inability to realize its deferred tax assets. based on the combined assessment, the registrants record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including future changes in income tax laws, the registrants' forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in the preparation of their financial statements, the registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information. the amount recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the
uncertainty is resolved. such difference could have a significant impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
environmental costs. environmental investigation and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number of sites for which the registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs that will be shared with other parties, the timing of the remediation work and changes in technology, regulations and the requirements of local governmental authorities. annual studies and/or reviews are conducted at comed, peco, bge and dpl to determine future remediation requirements for mgp sites and estimates are adjusted accordingly. in addition, periodic reviews are performed at each of the registrants to assess the adequacy of other environmental reserves. these matters, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a significant impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements. see note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other, including personal injury claims. the registrants are self-insured for general liability, automotive liability, workers' compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. the registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported (ibnr). the ibnr reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually. future events, such as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than estimated. accordingly, these claims, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition (all registrants)
sources of revenue and determination of accounting treatment. the registrants earn revenues from various business activities including: the sale of power and energy-related products, such as natural gas, capacity, and other commodities in non-regulated markets (wholesale and retail); the sale and delivery of power and natural gas in regulated markets; and the provision of other energy-related non-regulated products and services.
the accounting treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable authoritative guidance. the registrants primarily apply the revenue from contracts with customers, derivative and alternative revenue program (arp) guidance to recognize revenue as discussed in more detail below.
revenue from contracts with customers. the registrants recognize revenues in the period in which the performance obligations within contracts with customers are satisfied, which generally occurs when power, natural gas, and other energy-related commodities are physically delivered to the customer. transactions of the registrants within the scope of revenue from contracts with customers generally include non-derivative agreements, contracts that are designated as npns, sales to utility customers under regulated service tariffs, and spot-market energy commodity sales, including settlements with independent system operators.
the determination of generation's and the utility registrants' retail power and natural gas sales to individual customers is based on systematic readings of customer meters, generally on a monthly basis. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. the measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usage measured by generation or gas throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates. increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the utilities' customers and favorable or unfavorable rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, revenues may fluctuate monthly as a result of customers electing to use an alternate supplier, since unbilled commodity revenues are not recorded for these customers. changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date also impact the measurement of unbilled revenue; however, total operating revenues would remain materially unchanged. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
derivative revenues. the registrants record revenues and expenses using the mark-to-market method of accounting for transactions that are accounted for as derivatives. these derivative transactions primarily relate to commodity price risk management activities. mark-to-market revenues and expenses include: inception gains or
losses on new transactions where the fair value is observable, unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of open contracts, and realized gains and losses.
alternative revenue program accounting. certain of the utility registrants' ratemaking mechanisms qualify as arps if they (i) are established by a regulatory order and allow for automatic adjustment to future rates, (ii) provide for additional revenues (above those amounts currently reflected in the price of utility service) that are objectively determinable and probable of recovery, and (iii) allow for the collection of those additional revenues within 24 months following the end of the period in which they were recognized. for mechanisms that meet these criteria, which include the utility registrants' formula rate and revenue decoupling mechanisms, the utility registrants adjust revenue and record an offsetting regulatory asset or liability once the condition or event allowing additional billing or refund has occurred. the arp revenues presented in the utility registrants' consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income include both: (i) the recognition of "originating" arp revenues (when the regulator-specified condition or event allowing for additional billing or refund has occurred) and (ii) an equal and offsetting reversal of the "originating" arp revenues as those amounts are reflected in the price of utility service and recognized as revenue from contracts with customers.
comed records arp revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency, and transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that comed believes are probable of approval by the icc and ferc in accordance with its formula rate mechanisms. bge, pepco and dpl record arp revenue for their best estimate of the electric and natural gas distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval by the mdpsc and/or dcpsc in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace record arp revenue for their best estimate of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval by ferc in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. estimates of the current year revenue requirement are based on actual and/or forecasted costs and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. the estimated reconciliation can be affected by, among other things, variances in costs incurred, investments made, allowed roe, and actions by regulators or courts.
see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
utility registrants estimate the allowance for uncollectible accounts on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed specifically for each company to the outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. risk segments represent a group of customers with similar credit quality indicators that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their balances and payment history. loss rates applied to the accounts receivable balances are based on a historical average of charge-offs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. the utility registrants' customer accounts are generally considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally occurs on a monthly basis. utility registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. utility registrants' allowances for uncollectible accounts will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices and economic conditions as well as changes in icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, dpsc and njbpu regulations.
results of operations by registrant the registrants' results of operations includes discussion of rnf, which is a financial measure not defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. the codms for exelon and generation evaluate the performance of generation's electric business activities and allocate resources based on rnf. generation believes that rnf is a useful measure because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. for the utility registrants, their operating revenues reflect the full and current recovery of commodity procurement costs given the rider mechanisms approved by their respective state regulators. the commodity procurement costs, which are recorded in purchased power and fuel expense, and the associated revenues can be volatile. therefore, the utility registrants believe that rnf is a useful measure because it excludes the effect on operating revenues caused by the volatility in these expenses.
generation results of operations-generation
2019                                                                               2018            favorable (unfavorable) 2019 vs. 2018 variance                2017            favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance operating revenues                                      $18,924             $20,437                                     $(1,513                 )         $18,500                                      $1,937
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense          8,068               8,744                                        (676                 )           8,810                                         (66                 )
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                 4,718               5,464                                         746                             6,299                                         835
total other operating expenses                            6,772               7,817                                       1,045                             8,311                                         494
gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses                27                  48                                         (21                 )               2                                          46
gain on deconsolidation of business                           -                   -                                           -                               213                                        (213                 )
operating income                                          1,323                 975                                         348                               947                                          28
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates              (184   )             (30   )                                    (154                 )             (33   )                                       3
•   decreased accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the early retirement of the oyster creek nuclear facility in september 2018 and tmi in september 2019 and the absence of a charge associated with the remeasurement of the oyster creek aro;
•   decreased operating and maintenance expense at generation which includes the impacts of previous cost management programs and lower pension and opeb costs, and increased neil insurance distributions;
•   a benefit associated with the remeasurement of the tmi aro in the first quarter of 2019 and the annual nuclear aro update in the third quarter of 2019;
•   lower mark-to-market losses;
•   research and development income tax credits.
generation the increases were partially offset by;
•   lower capacity prices.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. the basis for generation's reportable segments is the integrated management of its electricity business that is located in different geographic regions, and largely representative of the footprints of iso/rto and/or nerc regions, which utilize multiple supply sources to provide electricity through various distribution channels (wholesale and retail). generation's hedging strategies and risk metrics are also aligned with these same geographic regions. generation's five reportable segments are mid-atlantic, midwest, new york, ercot and other power regions. during the first quarter of 2019, due to a change in economics in our new england region, generation changed the way that information is reviewed by the codm. the new england region will no longer be regularly reviewed as a separate region by the codm nor will it be presented separately in any external information presented to third parties. information for the new england region will be reviewed by the codm as part of other power regions. see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these reportable segments.
the following business activities are not allocated to a region and are reported under other: natural gas, as well as other miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to overall operating revenues or results of operations. further, the following activities are not allocated to a region and are reported in other: accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with nuclear decommissioning; and other miscellaneous revenues.
generation evaluates the operating performance of electric business activities using the measure of rnf. operating revenues include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the utility registrants. purchased power costs include all costs associated with the procurement and supply of electricity including capacity, energy and ancillary services. fuel expense includes the fuel costs for owned generation and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements.
2019                                                                                           2018           variance            % change mid-atlantic(a)                                                      $2,655              $3,073             $(418    )        (13.6   )%
total electric revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense       7,639               8,317              (678    )         (8.2   )%
mark-to-market losses                                                  (215   )            (319   )           104             (32.6   )%
total revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense                $8,068              $8,744             $(676    )         (7.7   )%
(a)   includes results of transactions with peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace.
(b)   includes results of transactions with comed.
generation generation's supply sources by region are summarized below:
supply source (gwhs)                   2019              2018            variance            % change nuclear generation(a)
total nuclear generation       181,325            185,022           (3,697   )            (2.0     )%
(a)   includes the proportionate share of output where generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated (e.g. ceng).
generation for the years ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018 changes in rnf by region were as follows:
(decrease)/increase   description mid-atlantic                    $(418        )   • decreased revenue due to the permanent cease of generation operations at oyster creek in the third quarter of 2018 and three mile island in the third quarter of 2019• lower realized energy prices• decreased capacity prices, partially offset by• increased zec revenues due to the approval of the nj zec program in the second quarter of 2019
midwest                          (173        )   • the absence of the revenue recognized in the first quarter of 2018 related to zecs generated in illinois from june through december 2017• decreased capacity prices new york                          (28        )   • lower realized energy prices• decreased capacity prices, partially offset by• increased zec revenues due to higher zec prices and increased nuclear output• decreased nuclear outage days ercot                              50            • higher realized energy prices other power regions              (109        )   • decreased capacity prices• lower realized energy prices mark-to-market(a)                 104            • losses on economic hedging activities of $215 million in 2019 compared to losses of $319 million in 2018
other                            (102        )   • the absence of the gain on the settlement of a long-term gas supply agreement• congestion activity, partially offset by• decrease in accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with announced early plant retirements total                           $(676        )
(a) see note 15 - derivative financial instruments for additional information on mark-to-market losses.
nuclear fleet capacity factor. the following table presents nuclear fleet operating data for the generation-operated plants, which reflects ownership percentage of stations operated by exelon, excluding salem, which is operated by pseg. the nuclear fleet capacity factor presented in the table is defined as the ratio of the actual output of a plant over a period of time to its output if the plant had operated at full average annual mean capacity for that time period. generation considers capacity factor to be a useful measure to analyze the nuclear fleet performance between periods. generation has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, these measures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or be more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
nuclear fleet capacity factor   95.7   %      94.6   %
generation the changes in operating and maintenance expense, consisted of the following:
labor, other benefits, contracting, materials(a)                                $(174        )
corporate allocations                                                             (82        )
change in environmental liabilities                                                 7
asset impairments(e)                                                              (32        )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                           (62        )
decrease in operating and maintenance expense                                   $(746        )
(a)   primarily reflects decreased costs related to the permanent cease of generation operations at oyster creek, lower labor costs resulting from previous cost management programs, and lower pension and opeb costs.
(b)   primarily reflects a supplemental neil insurance distribution received in the fourth quarter of 2019.
(c)   primarily due to the benefit recorded in the first quarter of 2019 for the remeasurement of the tmi aro and the absence of a charge associated with the remeasurement of the oyster creek aro in the third quarter of 2018.
(d)   primarily reflects a benefit related to generation's annual nuclear aro update for non-regulatory units.
(e)   primarily due to the impairment of certain wind projects recorded in the second quarter of 2018.
(f)   primarily due to the increased revenue as a result of a research and development tax refund.
depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 decreased primarily due to the permanent cessation of generation operations at oyster creek in the third quarter of 2018 and tmi in the fourth quarter of 2019.
gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 decreased primarily due to generation's sale of oyster creek.
net realized gains on sale of ndt funds(a)               253               180
contractual elimination of income tax expense(b)         216               (38   )
(b)   contractual elimination of income tax expense is associated with the income taxes on the ndt funds of the regulatory agreement units.
generation effective income tax rates were 26.9% and (29.5)% for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the change in 2019 is primarily related to research and development claims, renewable tax credits and one-time adjustments. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 decreased primarily due to the impairment of equity method investments in certain distributed energy companies.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 decreased primarily due to the offsetting noncontrolling interest impact of the impairment of equity method investments in certain distributed energy companies.
comed results of operations-comed
2019                                                                   2018            favorable (unfavorable) 2019 vs. 2018 variance                2017            favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance operating revenues                           $5,747              $5,882                                       $(135                 )          $5,536                                        $346
revenues net of purchased power expense       3,806               3,727                                          79                             3,895                                        (168                 )
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                     1,305               1,335                                          30                             1,427                                          92
total other operating expenses                2,639               2,586                                         (53                 )           2,573                                         (13                 )
gain on sales of assets                                                                                          (1                 )               1                                           4
operating income                              1,171               1,146                                          25                             1,323                                        (177                 )
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018. net income increased by $24 million primarily due to higher electric distribution, transmission and energy efficiency formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of higher rate base, partially offset by lower allowed electric distribution roe due to a decrease in treasury rates).
revenues net of purchased power expense. there are certain drivers of operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power expense, such as commodity, rec and zec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. comed recovers electricity, rec and zec procurement costs from customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries, but do impact operating revenues related to supplied electricity.
the changes in rnf consisted of the following:
uncollectible accounts recovery, net                (7        )
comed revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather, usage per customer or number of customers as a result of a change to the electric distribution formula rate pursuant to feja.
distribution revenue.  eima and feja provide for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs (e.g., severe weather and storm restoration), investments being recovered and allowed roe. during the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the same period in 2018, electric distribution revenue increased primarily due to the impact of higher rate base and increased depreciation expenses, offset by lower allowed roe due to a decrease in treasury rates. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. during the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the same period in 2018, transmission revenue increased primarily due to the impact of increased peak load, higher rate base, and higher fully recoverable costs. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
energy efficiency revenue. feja provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. under feja, energy efficiency revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered, and allowed roe. energy efficiency revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to the impact of higher rate base and increased regulatory asset amortization. see depreciation and amortization expense discussions below and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
uncollectible accounts recovery, net represents recoveries under the uncollectible accounts tariff. see operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on this tariff.
other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues and recoveries of environmental costs associated with mgp sites. the decrease in other revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the same period in 2018, primarily reflects absence of mutual assistance revenues associated with hurricane and winter storm restoration efforts that occurred in q1 2018. an equal and offsetting amount was included in operating and maintenance expense.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of comed's revenue disaggregation.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
baseline pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense(a)              $(36        )
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials(b)                      (27        )
(a)   primarily reflects an increase in discount rates and the favorable impacts of the merger of two of exelon's pension plans effective in january 2019, partially offset by lower than expected asset returns in 2018.
(b)   primarily reflects absence of mutual assistance expenses and decreased contracting costs. an equal and offsetting increase has been recognized in operating revenues for the period presented.
(c)   comed is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. comed recorded a net decrease in uncollectible accounts for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to the timing of regulatory cost recovery. an equal and offsetting amount has been recognized in operating revenues for the periods presented.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a)   reflects ongoing capital expenditures and higher depreciation rates effective january 2019.
(b)   includes amortization of comed's energy efficiency formula rate regulatory asset.
effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, were 19.2% and 20.2% , respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
peco results of operations-peco
2019                                                                            2018            favorable (unfavorable) 2019 vs. 2018 variance                2017           favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance operating revenues                                    $3,100              $3,038                                         $62                            $2,870                                       $168
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense       2,071               1,948                                         123                             1,901                                         47
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                861                 898                                          37                               806                                        (92                 )
total other operating expenses                         1,359               1,362                                           3                             1,246                                       (116                 )
gain on sales of assets                                    1                   1                                           -                                 -                                          1
operating income                                         713                 587                                         126                               655                                        (68                 )
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018. net income increased by $68 million primarily due to higher electric distribution rates that became effective january 2019, higher natural gas distribution rates and lower storm costs, partially offset by unfavorable weather conditions and volume.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. there are certain drivers of operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power and fuel expenses such as commodity and rec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. peco's recovers electricity, natural gas and rec procurement costs from customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries or rnf, but impact operating revenues related to supplied electricity and natural gas.
the changes in rnf consisted of the following:
peco weather. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 rnf was decreased by the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in peco's service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in peco's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in peco's service territory for the years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018 compared to the same periods in 2018 and 2017, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,                                                     % change heating and cooling degree-days              2019   2018                            normal         2019 vs. 2018          2019 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,307                      4,539            4,458               (5.1       )%           (3.4        )%
volume. electric volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, decreased due to lower customer usages for residential, commercial and industrial electric classes, partially offset by the impact of customer growth. natural gas volume for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, increased due to customer and economic growth.
electric retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)          2019             2018      % change 2019 vs. 2018      weather - normal % change(b)
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)   reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
as of december 31, number of electric customers                             2019   2018
peco natural gas deliveries to customers (in mmcf)          2019             2018          % change 2019 vs. 2018          weather - normal % change(b)
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)   reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
as of december 31, number of gas customers                      2019                  2018
pricing for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 increased primarily due to an increase in electric distribution rates charged to customers. the increase in electric distribution rates was effective january 1, 2019 in accordance with the 2018 papuc approved electric distribution rate case settlement. additionally, the increase represents revenue from higher natural gas distribution rates. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency, pgc and the gsa. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and income taxes.
transmission revenue. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered. transmission revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 decreased primarily due to lower operating and maintenance expenses and the terms of the settlement agreement approved by ferc in december 2019. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
see note 5-segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of peco's revenue disaggregation.
peco the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                (5        )
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                        1
decrease in operating and maintenance expense                        $(37        )
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a) depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
effective income tax rates were 11.0% and 1.3% for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the change in effective income tax rates.
bge results of operations-bge
2019                                                                            2018            favorable (unfavorable) 2019 vs. 2018 variance                2017            favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance operating revenues                                    $3,106              $3,169                                        $(63                 )          $3,176                                         $(7                 )
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense       2,054               1,987                                          67                             2,043                                         (56                 )
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                760                 777                                          17                               716                                         (61                 )
total other operating expenses                         1,522               1,514                                          (8                 )           1,429                                         (85                 )
gain on sales of assets                                    -                   1                                          (1                 )               -                                           1
operating income                                         532                 474                                          58                               614                                        (140                 )
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018. net income attributable to common shareholder increased by $47 million primarily due to higher natural gas distribution rates that became effective january 2019 and december 2019, higher electric distribution rates that became effective december 2019, and lower storm costs, partially offset by an increase in various expenses, including interest.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. there are certain drivers to operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power and fuel expense, such as commodity procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. bge recovers electricity, natural gas and other procurement costs from customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from electric generation and natural gas competitive suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries or rnf but impact operating revenues related to supplied electricity and natural gas.
bge the changes in rnf consisted of the following:
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
as of december 31, number of electric customers                             2019                    2018
as of december 31, number of gas customers                      2019   2018
distribution revenues increased during the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to the impact of higher natural gas distribution rates that became effective in both january 2019 and december 2019 and higher electric distribution rates that became effective in december 2019. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as conservation, demand response, stride, and the polr mechanism. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery, as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income taxes.
transmission revenue. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue increased during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to increases in capital investment and operating and maintenance expense recoveries. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
bge other revenue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, off-system sales and service application fees.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of bge's revenue disaggregation.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                        8
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense other
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
interest expense, net increased during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to the issuances of debt in september 2018 and september 2019.
effective income tax rates were 18% and 19.1% for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
phi results of operations-phi phi's results of operations include the results of its three reportable segments, pepco, dpl and ace. phi also has a business services subsidiary, phisco, which provides a variety of support services and the costs are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. additionally, the results of phi's corporate operations include interest costs from various financing activities. see the results of operations for pepco, dpl, and ace for additional information.
(a)   phi's and pepco's amounts have been revised to reflect the correction of an error related to pepco's decoupling mechanism. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, phi's corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing activities.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018. net income increased by $84 million primarily due to higher electric and natural gas distribution rates (not reflecting the impact of tcja), higher transmission revenues due to an increase in transmission rates and the highest daily peak load, lower contracting costs, the absence of the charge associated with a remeasurement of the buzzard point aro, lower uncollectible accounts expense, and lower write-offs of construction work in progress, partially offset by an increase in environmental liabilities and various expenses.
pepco results of operations-pepco
2019                                                                 2018(a)           favorable (unfavorable) 2019 vs. 2018 variance              2017(a)           favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance operating revenues                           $2,260              $2,232                                         $28                            $2,151                                         $81
revenues net of purchased power expense       1,595               1,578                                          17                             1,537                                          41
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                       482                 501                                          19                               454                                         (47                 )
total other operating expenses                1,234               1,265                                          31                             1,146                                        (119                 )
gain on sales of assets                           -                   -                                           -                                 1                                          (1                 )
operating income                                361                 313                                          48                               392                                         (79                 )
(a)   amounts have been revised to reflect the correction of an error related to pepco's decoupling mechanism. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018. net income increased by $38 million primarily due to higher electric distribution rates in maryland that became effective august 2019 and june 2018 (not reflecting the impact of tcja), higher electric distribution rates in the district of columbia that became effective august 2018 (not reflecting the impact of tcja), higher transmission revenues due to an increase in transmission rates and the highest daily peak load, the absence of the charge associated with a remeasurement of the buzzard point aro, and lower contracting costs, partially offset by an increase in environmental liabilities.
revenues net of purchased power expense. there are certain drivers of operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power expense, such as commodity and rec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. pepco recovers electricity and rec procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have minimal impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries or rnf, but impact operating revenues related to supplied electricity.
pepco the changes in rnf consisted of the following:
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues from electric distribution in both maryland and the district of columbia are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, increased for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 primarily due to the impact of residential customer growth.
as of december 31, number of electric customers                           2019                  2018
distribution revenues increased for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 primarily due to higher electric distribution rates in maryland that became effective in august 2019 and june 2018 (not reflecting the impact of tcja), higher electric distribution rates (not reflecting the impact of tcja) in the district of columbia that became effective in august 2018, partially offset by the accelerated amortization of certain deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon the enactment of tcja as the result of regulatory settlements. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, dc plug and sos administrative costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income taxes. revenues from regulatory programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 due to lower surcharge rates effective january 2019 for energy efficiency programs that were implemented to reflect the impacts of the enactment of tcja.
transmission revenues. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 due to rate increases and an increase in the highest daily peak load.
other revenue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, off-system sales and service application fees.
pepco see note  - segment information for the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of pepco's revenue disaggregation.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials               (11        )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits other                                                            8
(a)   depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 were 6.2% and 5.1%, respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates.
dpl results of operations-dpl
2019                                                                            2018           favorable (unfavorable) 2019 vs. 2018 variance                2017           favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance operating revenues                                    $1,306              $1,332                                       $(26                 )          $1,300                                        $32
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense         780                 771                                          9                               768                                          3
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                323                 344                                         21                               315                                        (29                 )
total other operating expenses                           563                 582                                         19                               539                                        (43                 )
gain on sales of assets                                    -                   1                                         (1                 )               -                                          1
operating income                                         217                 190                                         27                               229                                        (39                 )
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018. net income increased by $27 million primarily due to higher transmission revenues due to an increase in the transmission rates and the highest daily peak load, higher electric distribution rates in maryland and delaware that became effective throughout 2018 (not reflecting the impact of tcja), higher natural gas distribution rates in delaware that became effective throughout 2018 (not reflecting the impact of tcja), and lower write-offs of construction work in progress.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. there are certain drivers to operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power and fuel expense, such as commodity and rec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. dpl recovers electricity and rec procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up and natural gas costs from customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have minimal impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries or rnf, but impact operating revenues related to supplied electricity.
dpl the changes in rnf consisted of the following:
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues from electric distribution customers in maryland are not affected by unseasonably warmer or colder weather because a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues from electric distribution customers in maryland are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
weather. the demand for electricity and natural gas in delaware is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, rnf related to weather decreased primarily due to unfavorable weather conditions in dpl's delaware service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in dpl's delaware electric service territory and a 30-year period in dpl's delaware natural gas service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in dpl's delaware service territory for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to same period in 2018 and normal weather consisted of the following:
delaware electric service territory             for the years ended december 31,                                                     % change heating and cooling degree-days                  2019   2018                            normal         2019 vs. 2018          2019 vs. normal heating degree-days                    4,475                      4,713            4,656               (5.0       )%           (3.9        )%
delaware natural gas service territory             for the years ended december 31,                                                % change heating degree-days                                 2019   2018                       normal          2019 vs. 2018         2019 vs. normal heating degree-days                       4,475                      4,713            4,698           (5.0   )%              (4.7   )%
volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018.
dpl electric retail deliveries to delaware customers (in gwhs)         2019            2018          % change 2019 vs. 2018         weather - normal % change (b)
as of december 31, number of total electric customers (maryland and delaware)            2019                  2018
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from dpl and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)   reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
natural gas retail deliveries to delaware customers (in mmcf)          2019   2018                    % change 2019 vs. 2018          weather - normal % change(b)
as of december 31, number of delaware gas customers             2019                  2018
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing natural gas directly from dpl and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)   reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 primarily due to higher electric distribution rates (not reflecting the impact of tcja) in maryland and delaware that became effective throughout 2018 and higher natural gas distribution rates (not reflecting the impact of tcja) in delaware that became effective throughout 2018, partially offset by the accelerated amortization of certain deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon the enactment of tcja as the result of regulatory settlements. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
dpl regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, de renewable portfolio standards, sos administrative costs and gcr costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income taxes.
transmission revenues. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar years. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 due to rate increases and an increase in the highest daily peak load.
other revenue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, off-system sales and service application fees.
see note 5 - segment information for the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of dpl's revenue disaggregation.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
write-off of construction work in progress                             (7        )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                 4
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                        2
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a)   depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
dpl effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 were 13.0% and 15.5%, respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates
ace results of operations-ace
2019                                                                   2018           favorable (unfavorable) 2019 vs. 2018 variance                2017           favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance operating revenues                           $1,240              $1,236                                         $4                            $1,186                                        $50
revenues net of purchased power expense         632                 620                                         12                               616                                          4
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                       320                 330                                         10                               307                                        (23                 )
total other operating expenses                  481                 471                                        (10                 )             459                                        (12                 )
gain on sales of assets                           -                   -                                          -                                 -                                          -
operating income                                151                 149                                          2                               157                                         (8                 )
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018. net income increased $24 million primarily due to higher electric distribution rates that became effective april 2019 and higher transmission revenues due to an increase in the transmission rates and the highest daily peak load, partially offset by lower average residential usage.
revenues net of purchased power expense. there are certain drivers of operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power expense, such as commodity and rec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. ace recovers electricity and rec procurement costs from customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs of supplier do not impact the volume of deliveries or rnf, but impact revenues related to supplied electricity.
the changes in rnf, consisted of the following:
ace weather.  the demand for electricity is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, rnf related to weather was lower due to the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in ace's service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in ace's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in ace's service territory for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to same period in 2018, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,           normal                                         % change heating and cooling degree-days              2019   2018                               2019 vs. 2018             2019 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,467                      4,523            4,676                      (1.2   )%                  (4.5   )%
volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, decreased for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to lower average residential and commercial usage.
electric retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)         2019            2018      % change 2019 vs. 2018          weather - normal % change(b)
as of december 31, number of electric customers                           2019                  2018
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from ace and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)   reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 primarily due to higher electric distribution base rates that became effective in april 2019, partially offset by the accelerated amortization of certain deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon the enactment of tcja as the result of regulatory settlements. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, societal benefits charge, transition bonds and bgs administrative costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and
transmission revenues.  under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 primarily due to rate increases and an increase in the highest daily peak load.
other revenue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, off-system sales and service application fees.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of ace's revenue disaggregation.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                       (5        )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                 1
(a)   ace is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. an equal and offsetting amount has been recognized in operating revenues for the periods presented.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
(a)   depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
effective income tax rates were 0.0% and 13.8% for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. see note 13 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates.
liquidity and capital resources all results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a gaap basis.
the registrants' operating and capital expenditures requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations as well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. the registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require considerable capital resources. each of the registrants annually evaluates its financing plan, dividend practices and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investment grade ratings while meeting its cash needs to fund capital requirements, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. a broad spectrum of financing alternatives beyond the core financing options can be used to meet its needs and fund growth including monetizing assets in the portfolio via project financing, asset sales, and the use of other financing structures (e.g., joint ventures, minority partners, etc.). each registrant's access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current overall capital market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to the extent that the registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the
registrants have access to credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $10.6 billion. the registrants utilize their credit facilities to support their commercial paper programs, provide for other short-term borrowings and to issue letters of credit. see the "credit matters" section below for additional information. the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
the registrants primarily use their capital resources, including cash, to fund capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. the registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' debt and credit agreements.
nrc minimum funding requirements nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that sufficient funds will be available in certain minimum amounts to decommission the facility. these nrc minimum funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning activities will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit. if a unit fails the nrc minimum funding test, then the plant's owners or parent companies would be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional cash contributions to the ndt fund to ensure sufficient funds are available. see note 9 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
if a nuclear plant were to early retire there is a risk that it will no longer meet the nrc minimum funding requirements due to the earlier commencement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the ndt fund investments could appreciate in value. a shortfall could require that generation address the shortfall by, among other things, obtaining a parental guarantee for generation's share of the funding assurance. however, the amount of any guarantees or other assurance will ultimately depend on the decommissioning approach, the associated level of costs, and the ndt fund investment performance going forward.
upon issuance of any required financial guarantees, each site would be able to utilize the respective ndt funds for radiological decommissioning costs, which represent the majority of the total expected decommissioning costs. however, the nrc must approve an exemption in order for the plant's owner(s) to utilize the ndt fund to pay for non-radiological decommissioning costs (i.e., spent fuel management and site restoration costs). if a unit does not receive this exemption, the costs would be borne by the owner(s) without reimbursement from or access to the ndt funds. the ultimate costs for spent fuel management may vary greatly and could be reduced by alternate decommissioning scenarios and/or reimbursement of certain costs under the doe reimbursement agreements.
as of december 31, 2019, exelon would not be required to post a parental guarantee for tmi unit 1 under the safstor scenario which is the planned decommissioning option as described in the tmi unit 1 psdar filed by generation with the nrc on april 5, 2019. on october 16, 2019, the nrc granted generation's exemption request to use the tmi unit 1 ndt funds for spent fuel management costs. an additional exemption request would be required to allow the funds to be spent on site restoration costs, which are not expected to be incurred in the near term.
project financing (exelon and generation)
project financing is used to help mitigate risk of specific generating assets. project financing is based upon a nonrecourse financial structure, in which project debt is paid back from the cash generated by the specific asset or portfolio of assets. borrowings under these agreements are secured by the assets and equity of each respective project. the lenders do not have recourse against exelon or generation in the event of a default. if a specific project financing entity does not maintain compliance with its specific debt financing covenants, there could be a requirement to accelerate repayment of the associated debt or other project-related borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. in these instances, if such repayment was not satisfied, or restructured, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific assets and related collateral. the potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated could lead to impairments due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly before the end of their useful
lives. additionally, project finance has credit facilities. see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on nonrecourse debt.
cash flows from operating activities general generation's cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the sale of electric energy and energy-related products and services to customers. generation's future cash flows from operating activities may be affected by future demand for and market prices of energy and its ability to continue to produce and supply power at competitive costs as well as to obtain collections from customers.
the utility registrants' cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in the case of peco, bge and dpl, gas distribution services. the utility registrants' distribution services are provided to an established and diverse base of retail customers. the utility registrants' future cash flows may be affected by the economy, weather conditions, future legislative initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, competitive suppliers, and their ability to achieve operating cost reductions.
see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
the following table provides a summary of the change in cash provided by (used in) operating activities for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017:
2019 vs. 2018 variance                                                           exelon            generation            comed           peco               bge              phi          pepco              dpl            ace net income                                                                    $949                 $774                $24            $68               $47              $84            $38              $27            $24
non-cash operating activities                                                 (778    )            (835     )          (34   )   43                     100              (12   )         (1   )          (26   )         (3   )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions                   (25    )             (36     )          (35   )          -                 6       49                      3               (1   )          5
changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities      (1,221    )            (855     )          (71   )        (50   )          (139   )         (118   )        (24   )          (68   )          3
collateral posted (received), net                                             (520    )            (545     )           37              -                (8   )            -              -                -              -
2018 vs. 2017 variance                                                           exelon            generation             comed          peco               bge               phi           pepco            dpl            ace net income                                                                 $(1,790    )         $(2,355     )           $97           $26                $6               $38              $7            $(1   )        $(2   )
non-cash operating activities                                                2,133                3,116                (232   )       (12   )           (73   )          (124   )         (17   )        (41   )        (17   )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions                    22                    9                  (1   )        (4   )            (1   )            25              55              2             14
changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities         589                  359                 (49   )        (7   )           112               288             116             95             18
collateral posted (received), net                                              240                  193                  37             -                 4                 -               -              -              -
changes in registrants' cash flows from operations for 2019, 2018 and 2017 were generally consistent with changes in each registrant's respective results of operations, as adjusted for non-cash operating activities, and changes in working capital in the normal course of business. in addition, significant operating cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2019, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
•   see note 23 -supplemental financial information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements and the registrants' consolidated statement of cash flows for additional information on non-cash operating activity.
•   see note 13 -income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements and the registrants' consolidated statement of cash flows for additional information on income taxes.
•   depending upon whether generation is in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, collateral may be required to be posted with or collected from its counterparties. in addition, the collateral posting and collection requirements differ depending on whether the transactions are on an exchange or in the otc markets.
pension and other postretirement benefits management considers various factors when making pension funding decisions, including actuarially determined minimum contribution requirements under erisa, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the pension protection act of 2006 (the act), management of the pension obligation and regulatory implications. the act requires the attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). the projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make levelized annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100% funded status on an accumulated benefit obligation (abo) basis over time. this level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension contributions. based on this funding strategy and current market conditions, which are subject to change, exelon's estimated annual qualified pension contributions will be approximately $500 million beginning in 2020. unlike the qualified pension plans, exelon's non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
while other postretirement plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, exelon does fund certain of its plans. for exelon's funded opeb plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however, exelon's management has historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its opeb plans, including liabilities management, levels of benefit claims paid and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure continued rate recovery). the amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
the following table provides all registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans, planned benefit payments to non-qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to other postretirement plans in 2020:
generation                 227                                   14                     16
to the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension and opeb plans earn less than the expected asset returns, annual pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. conversely, to the extent interest rates increase significantly or the pension and opeb plans earn greater than the expected asset returns, annual pension and opeb contribution requirements in future years could decrease. additionally, expected contributions could change if exelon changes its pension or opeb funding strategy.
cash flows from investing activities the following table provides a summary of the change in cash provided by (used in) investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017:
2019 vs. 2018 variance                                            exelon            generation   comed         peco          bge           phi            pepco       dpl         ace capital expenditures                                           $346                 $397         $211          $(90      )   $(186     )   $20            $30         $16         $(40      )
acquisitions of assets and businesses, net                      113                  113         -             -             -             -              -           -           -
proceeds from sales of assets and businesses                    (38    )             (38     )   -             -             -             -              -           -           -
changes in intercompany money pool                                -                    -         -             (68       )   -             -              -           -           -
2018 vs. 2017 variance                                            exelon            generation      comed            peco             bge              phi         pepco         dpl            ace capital expenditures                                           $(10    )             $17            $124             $(117     )      $(77      )      $21         $(28      )   $64            $(23      )
acquisitions of assets and businesses, net                       54                   54            -                -                -                -           -             -              -
proceeds from sales of assets and businesses                   (128    )            (128     )      -                -                -                -           -             -              -
changes in intercompany money pool                                -                    -            -                (131      )      -                -           -             -              -
significant investing cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2019, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
•   variances in capital expenditures are primarily due to the timing of cash expenditures for capital projects. refer below for additional information on projected capital expenditure spending.
•   during 2018, exelon and generation had expenditures of $81 million and $57 related to the acquisitions of the everett marine terminal and the handley generating station.
•   during 2017, exelon and generation had expenditures of $23 million and $178 million related to the acquisitions of conedison solutions and the fitzpatrick nuclear generating station.
•   during 2018, exelon and generation had proceeds of $85 million relating to the sale of generation's interest in an electrical contracting business that primarily installs, maintains and repairs underground and high-voltage cable transmission and distribution services.
•   during 2017, exelon and generation had proceeds of $218 million from sales of long-lived assets, primarily related to the sale back of turbine equipment.
•   changes in intercompany money pool are driven by short-term borrowing needs. refer to more information regarding the intercompany money pool below.
capital expenditure spending the registrants most recent estimates of capital expenditures for plant additions and improvements for 2020 are as follows:
generation         n/a               n/a            n/a           1,725
projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
generation approximately 45% of projected 2020 capital expenditures at generation are for the acquisition of nuclear fuel, with the remaining amounts reflecting additions and upgrades to existing generation facilities (including material condition improvements during nuclear refueling outages), and additional investment in new generation facilities.  generation anticipates that it will fund capital expenditures with internally generated funds and borrowings.
utility registrants projected 2020 capital expenditures at the utility registrants are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations, including enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems such as the utility registrants' construction commitments under pjm's rtep.
the utility registrants as transmission owners are subject to nerc compliance requirements. nerc provides guidance to transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. the results of these assessments could require the utility registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet nerc standards. in 2010, nerc provided guidance to transmission owners that recommended the utility registrants perform assessments of their transmission lines. comed, peco and bge submitted their final bi-annual reports to nerc in january 2014. comed and peco will be incurring incremental capital expenditures associated with this guidance following the completion of the assessments. specific projects and expenditures are identified as the assessments are completed. comed's and peco's forecasted 2020 capital expenditures above reflect capital spending for remediation to be completed through 2020. bge, dpl and ace are complete with their assessments and pepco has substantially completed its assessment and thus do not expect significant capital expenditures related to this guidance in 2020.
the utility registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent.
cash flows from financing activities the following tables provides a summary of the change in cash provided by (used in) financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017:
2019 vs. 2018 variance                                      exelon                  generation      comed             peco                      bge              phi      pepco         dpl               ace changes in short-term borrowings, net                       $869                    $320            $130              $-                    $82             $200          $28           $272              $(100     )
changes in exelon intercompany money pool                   -                       (146     )      -                 -                       -               12          -             -                 -
sale of noncontrolling interest                             -                          -            -                 -                       -                -          -             -                 -
2018 vs. 2017 variance                                              exelon           generation   comed            peco              bge                       phi      pepco             dpl               ace changes in short-term borrowings, net                            $127                $699         $-               $-                $(74      )            $1          $11               $(432     )       $(77      )
changes in exelon intercompany money pool                           -                  47         -                -                 -                       -          -                 -                 -
sale of noncontrolling interest                                  (396    )           (396     )   -                -                 -                       -          -                 -                 -
significant investing cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2019, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
•   changes in short-term borrowings, net, is driven by repayments on and issuances of notes due in less than 90 days. refer to note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on short-term borrowings.
•   long-term debt, net, varies due to debt issuances and redemptions each year. refer to debt issuances and redemptions tables below for more information.
•   changes in intercompany money pool are driven by short-term borrowing needs. refer to more information regarding the intercompany money pool below.
•   exelon issued common stock in 2017 to fund the phi merger. refer to note 19 - shareholders' equity of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on common stock issuances.
•   exelon's ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating subsidiaries. the payments of dividends to exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. see note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on dividend restrictions. see below for quarterly dividends declared.
•   the change in sale of controlling interest from 2017 to 2018 was primarily related to cash received in 2017 for the sale of a 49% interest in egrp. refer to note 22 - variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on sale of controlling interest.
debt issuances and redemptions see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' debt issuances and retirements. debt activity for 2019, 2018 and 2017 by registrant was as follows:
company      type                                            interest rate   maturity                   amount   use of proceeds generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          3.95        %   august 31, 2020           $4        funding to install energy conservation measures for the fort meade project.
generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          3.46        %   may 1, 2020              $39        funding to install energy conservation measures for the marine corps. logistics project.
generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          2.53        %   april 30, 2021            $2        funding to install energy conservation measures for the fort ap hill project.
comed        first mortgage bonds, series 126                4.00        %   march 1, 2049           $400        repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and fund other general corporate purposes.
comed        first mortgage bonds, series 127                3.20        %   november 15, 2049       $300        repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and fund other general corporate purposes.
(a)   for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
company      type                                            interest rate   maturity                   amount   use of proceeds generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          3.72        %   march 31, 2019            $4        funding to install energy conservation measures for the smithsonian zoo project.
generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          3.17        %   january 31, 2019          $1        funding to install energy conservation measures in brooklyn, ny.
generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          2.61        %   september 30, 2018        $5        funding to install energy conservation measures for the pensacola project.
generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          4.17        %   january 31, 2019          $1        funding to install energy conservation measures for the general services administration philadelphia project.
generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          4.26        %   may 31, 2019              $3        funding to install energy conservation measures for the national institutes of health multi-buildings phase ii project.
comed        first mortgage bonds, series 124                4.00        %   march 1, 2048           $800        refinance one series of maturing first mortgage bonds, to repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and to fund general corporate purposes.
comed        first mortgage bonds, series 125                3.70        %   august 15, 2028         $550        repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
peco         first and refunding mortgage bonds              3.90        %   march 1, 2048           $325        refinance a portion of maturing mortgage bonds.
(a)   for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
company            type                                                     interest rate   maturity                     amount   use of proceeds exelon corporate   junior subordinated notes                                3.50        %   june 1, 2022            $1,150        refinance exelon's junior subordinated notes issued in june 2014.
generation         albany green energy project financing(a)        libor + 1.25%            november 17, 2017          $14        albany green energy biomass generation development.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(a)                   3.90        %   february 1, 2018           $19        funding to install energy conservation measures for the naval station great lakes project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(a)                   3.72        %   may 1, 2018                 $5        funding to install energy conservation measures for the smithsonian zoo project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(a)                   2.61        %   september 30, 2018         $13        funding to install energy conservation measures for the pensacola project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(a)                   3.53        %   april 1, 2019               $8        funding to install energy conservation measures for the state department project.
generation         senior notes                                             2.95        %   january 15, 2020          $250        repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
generation         senior notes                                             3.40        %   march 15, 2020            $500        repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
generation         exgen texas power nonrecourse debt(b)(c)        libor + 4.75%            september 18, 2021          $6        general corporate purposes.
generation         exgen renewables iv, nonrecourse debt(b)        libor + 3.00%            november 30, 2024         $850        general corporate purposes.
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 122                         2.95        %   august 15, 2027           $350        refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 123                         3.75        %   august 15, 2047           $650        refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
bge                senior notes                                             3.75        %   august 15, 2047           $300        redeem $250 million in principal amount of the 6.20% deferrable interest subordinated debentures due october 15, 2043 issued by bge's affiliate bge capital trust ii, repay commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
pepco              energy efficiency project financing(a)                   3.30        %   december 15, 2017           $2        funding to install energy conservation measures for the doe germantown project.
(a)   for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
(b)   see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
(c)   as a result of the bankruptcy filing for egtp on november 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements. see note 2 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
company(a)   type                                             interest rate   maturity                   amount exelon       long-term software license agreement                     3.95%   may 1, 2024              $18
generation   antelope valley doe nonrecourse debt(b)          2.33% - 3.56%   january 5, 2037          $23
generation   kennett square capital lease                             7.83%   september 20, 2020        $5
generation   continental wind nonrecourse debt(b)                     6.00%   february 28, 2033        $32
generation   pollution control notes                                  2.50%   march 1, 2019            $23
generation   renewable power generation nonrecourse debt(b)           4.11%   march 31, 2035           $10
generation   energy efficiency project financing                      3.46%   april 30, 2019           $39
generation   exgen renewables iv nonrecourse debt(b)                3ml +3%   november 30, 2024        $38
generation   hannie mae, llc defense financing                        4.12%   november 30, 2019         $1
generation   energy efficiency project financing                      3.72%   july 31, 2019            $25
generation   nukem                                                    3.15%   september 30, 2020       $36
generation   solgen nonrecourse debt(b)                               3.93%   september 30, 2036        $6
generation   energy efficiency project financing                      4.17%   october 31, 2019          $1
generation   energy efficiency project financing                      3.53%   march 31, 2020            $1
generation   energy efficiency project financing                      4.26%   september 30, 2019        $1
generation   senior notes                                             5.20%   october 1, 2019         $600
generation   dominion federal corp                                    3.17%   october 31, 2019         $18
generation   fort detrick project financing                           3.55%   october 31, 2019          $1
(a)   on january 15, 2020, generation redeemed $1 billion of 2.95% senior notes at maturity.
(b)   see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
company            type                                             interest rate   maturity                   amount exelon corporate   long-term software license agreement                     3.95%   may 1, 2024               $6
generation         naval station great lakes project financing              3.90%   june 30, 2018            $41
generation         smithsonian zoo project financing                        3.72%   march 31, 2019            $1
generation         pensacola project financing                              2.61%   september 30, 2018       $21
generation         fort detrick project financing                           3.55%   june 30, 2019            $19
generation         holyoke nonrecourse debt(a)                              5.25%   december 31, 2031         $1
generation         solgen nonrecourse debt(a)                               3.93%   september 30, 2036       $10
generation         antelope valley doe nonrecourse debt(a)          2.29% - 3.56%   january 5, 2037          $22
generation         continental wind nonrecourse debt(a)                     6.00%   february 28, 2033        $33
generation         renewable power generation nonrecourse debt(a)           4.11%   march 31, 2035           $11
generation         kennett square capital lease                             7.83%   september 20, 2020        $4
generation         exgen renewables iv nonrecourse debt(a)            3ml+300 bps   november 30, 2024        $16
generation         nukem                                            3.15% - 3.35%   2018 - 2020              $43
(a)   see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
company            type                                             interest rate   maturity                   amount exelon corporate   long-term software license agreement                     3.95%   may 1, 2024              $24
generation         senior notes - exelon wind                               2.00%   july 31, 2017             $1
generation         ceu upstream nonrecourse debt(a)                 libor + 2.25%   january 14, 2019          $6
generation         solgen nonrecourse debt(a)                               3.93%   september 30, 2036        $2
generation         antelope valley doe nonrecourse debt(a)          2.29% - 3.56%   january 5, 2037          $22
generation         kennett square capital lease                             7.83%   september 20, 2020        $2
generation         continental wind nonrecourse debt(a)                     6.00%   february 28, 2033        $31
generation         pes - pgov notes payable                            6.70-7.60%   2017 - 2018               $1
generation         exgen texas power nonrecourse debt (a)(b)        libor + 4.75%   september 18, 2021      $665
generation         renewable power generation nonrecourse debt(a)           4.11%   march 31, 2035           $14
generation         nukem                                            3.25% - 3.35%   june 30, 2018            $23
generation         exgen renewables i, nonrecourse debt(a)          libor + 4.25%   february 6, 2021        $233
generation         senior notes                                             6.20%   october 1, 2017         $700
generation         albany green energy project financing            libor + 1.25%   november 17, 2017       $212
bge                capital trust preferred securities                       6.20%   october 15, 2043        $258
(a)   see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
(b)   as a result of the bankruptcy filing for egtp on november 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements. see note 2 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for additional information.
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, the registrants may engage in long-term debt retirements via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
dividends quarterly dividends declared by the exelon board of directors during the year ended december 31, 2019 and for the first quarter of 2020 were as follows:
period                declaration date   shareholder of record date   dividend payable date       cash per share(a)
(a)   exelon's board of directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering 2018 through 2020, beginning with the march 2018 dividend.
other for the year ended december 31, 2019, other financing activities primarily consists of debt issuance costs. see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements' for additional information.
credit matters market conditions the registrants fund liquidity needs for capital investment, working capital, energy hedging and other financial commitments through cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets and large, diversified credit facilities. the credit facilities include $10.6 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $7.4 billion was available to support additional commercial paper as of december 31, 2019, and of which no financial institution has more than 7% of the aggregate commitments for the registrants. the registrants had access to the commercial paper market during 2019 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when necessary. the registrants routinely review the sufficiency of their liquidity position, including appropriate sizing of credit facility commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging levels and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. the registrants have continued to closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associated with the credit facilities, including monitoring credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising and merger activity. see part i. item 1a. risk factors for additional information regarding the effects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
the registrants believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets and their credit facilities provide sufficient liquidity. if generation lost its investment grade credit rating as of december 31, 2019, it would have been required to provide incremental collateral of $1.5 billion to meet collateral obligations for derivatives, non-derivatives, normal purchases and normal sales contracts and applicable payables and receivables, net of the contractual right of offset under master netting agreements, which is well within the $4.2 billion of available credit capacity of its revolver.
the following table presents the incremental collateral that each utility registrant would have been required to provide in the event each utility registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at december 31, 2019 and available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral at december 31, 2019:
pjm credit policy collateral      other incremental collateral required(a)                 available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral comed                     $11                  $-                                                                                               $868
(a)   represents incremental collateral related to natural gas procurement contracts.
exelon credit facilities exelon corporate, comed and bge meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper. generation and peco meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the exelon intercompany money pool. pepco, dpl, and ace meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the phi intercompany money pool. phi corporate meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the exelon intercompany money pool. the registrants may use their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
see note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' credit facilities and short term borrowing activity.
other credit matters capital structure. at december 31, 2019, the capital structures of the registrants consisted of the following:
exelon          generation         comed       peco            bge         phi       pepco         dpl         ace long-term debt                        50   %            31       %       44   %        44   %       47   %      40   %       49   %            %           %
(a)   includes approximately $390 million, $205 million and $184 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of exelon, comed, and peco respectively. these special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities of comed and peco. see note 22 - variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the authoritative guidance for vies.
security ratings the registrants' access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
the registrants' borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a downgrading of a registrant's securities could increase fees and interest charges under that registrant's credit agreements.
as part of the normal course of business, the registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include the posting of collateral. see note 15 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
intercompany money pool to provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost of external financing, both exelon and phi operate an intercompany money pool. maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of december 31, 2019, are presented in the following tables:
exelon intercompany money pool                       for the year ended december 31, 2019                            as of december 31, 2019
generation                                   212                    (235            )                          -
phi intercompany money pool   for the year ended december 31, 2019                       as of december 31, 2019
shelf registration statements.  exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace have a currently effective combined shelf registration statement unlimited in amount, filed with the sec, that will expire in august 2022. the ability of each registrant to sell securities off the shelf registration statement or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other required regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial condition of the registrant, its securities ratings and market conditions.
(a)   generation currently has blanket financing authority it received from ferc in connection with its market-based rate authority.
(b)   on october 15, 2019, comed, bge, pepco and dpl filed applications with ferc and on september 12, 2019, ace filed an application with njbpu for renewal of their short-term financing authority through december 31, 2021. comed, bge, pepco and dpl received approval on december 13, 2019 and ace received approval on december 6, 2019.
(c)   as of december 31, 2019, comed had $393 million in new money long-term debt financing authority from the icc with an expiration date of august 1, 2021. on january 22, 2020, comed had an additional $1.5 billion available in new money long-term debt financing authority from the icc with an effective date of february 1, 2020 and an expiration date of february 1, 2023.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements the following tables summarize the registrants' future estimated cash payments as of december 31, 2019 under existing contractual obligations, including payments due by period.
operating leases(c)                                  1,361                 144                 267                  197                  753
(a)   includes amounts from comed and peco financing trusts.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2019 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2019. includes estimated interest payments due to comed and peco financing trusts.
(c)   capacity payments associated with contracted generation lease agreements are net of sublease and capacity offsets of $143 million, $98 million, $55 million, $44 million, $44 million and $223 million for 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and thereafter, respectively and $607 million in total.
(d)   purchase power obligations primarily include expected payments for rec purchases and payments associated with contracted generation agreements, which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude payments on renewable generation contracts that are contingent in nature.
(e)   represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services.
(f)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
generation
operating leases(b)                            809                  60                 122                  109                  518
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2019 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2019.
(b)   capacity payments associated with contracted generation lease agreements are net of sublease and capacity offsets of $143 million, $98 million, $55 million, $44 million, $44 million and $223 million for 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and thereafter, respectively and $607 million in total.
(c)   purchase power obligations primarily include expected payments for rec purchases and capacity payments associated with contracted generation agreements, which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude payments on renewable generation contracts that are contingent in nature.
(d)   primarily represents commitments to purchase fuel supplies for nuclear and fossil generation, including those related to ceng.
(e)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between generation and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                        12                   3                   6                    2                    1
(a)   includes amounts from comed financing trust.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2019 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2019. includes estimated interest payments due to the comed financing trust.
(c)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between comed and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                 1                   -                   1                  -                    -
(a)   includes amounts from peco financing trusts.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2019 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. includes estimated interest payments due to the peco financing trust.
(c)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services.
(d)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between peco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                               100                  34                  47                  1                   18
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2019 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services.
(c)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between bge and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                       346                  42                  79                   72                  153
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2019 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services.
(c)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between phi and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                70                   8                  16                 12                   34
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2019 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between pepco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                                   91                11                21                 18                   41
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2019 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services.
(c)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between dpl and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
operating leases                                 20                 5                 8                  5                    2
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2019 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between ace and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
see note 18 - commitments and contingencies and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' other commitments potentially triggered by future events. additionally, see below for where to find additional information regarding certain contractual obligations in the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements:
item                                  location within notes to the consolidated financial statements finance leases                        note 10 - leases operating leases                      note 10 - leases dc plug obligation                    note 3 - regulatory matters zec commitments                       note 3 - regulatory matters rec commitments                       note 3 - regulatory matters &amp; note 15 - derivative financial instruments long-term debt                        note 16 - debt and credit agreements interest payments on long-term debt   note 16 - debt and credit agreements pension contributions                 note 14 - retirement benefits snf obligation                        note 18 - commitments and contingencies item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations generation general generation's integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing business, constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail customers. generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services. generation has five reportable segments consisting of the mid-atlantic, midwest, new york, ercot and other power regions. these segments are discussed in further detail in item 1. business - exelon generation company, llc of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to generation's executive overview is set forth under item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
a discussion of generation's results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018 is set forth under results of operations-generation in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources generation's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. generation's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper, participation in the intercompany money pool or capital contributions from exelon. generation's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where generation no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, generation has credit facilities in the aggregate of $5.3 billion that currently support its commercial paper program and issuances of letters of credit.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund generation's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. generation spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to generation is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of generation's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of generation's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations comed general comed operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in northern illinois, including the city of chicago. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-comed of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to comed's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation-executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
a discussion of comed's results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018 is set forth under results of operations-comed in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources comed's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. comed's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. comed's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2019, comed had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1 billion.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund comed's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. comed spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, comed operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to comed is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of comed's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of comed's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations peco general peco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in southeastern pennsylvania including the city of philadelphia, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in pennsylvania in the counties surrounding the city of philadelphia. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-peco of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to peco's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation-executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
a discussion of peco's results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018 is set forth under results of operations-peco in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources peco's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. peco's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or participation in the intercompany money pool. peco's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where peco no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, peco has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2019, peco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund peco's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. peco spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, peco operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to peco is set forth under credit matters in "exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of peco's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of peco's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations bge general bge operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in central maryland, including the city of baltimore, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in central maryland, including the city of baltimore. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-bge of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to bge's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
a discussion of bge's results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018 is set forth under results of operations-bge in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources bge's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. bge's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. bge's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where bge no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, bge has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2019, bge had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund bge's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. bge spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, bge operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under "cash flows from investing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under "cash flows from financing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to bge is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of bge's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of bge's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations phi general phi has three reportable segments pepco, dpl, and ace. its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services, and to a lesser extent, the purchase and regulated retail sale and supply of natural gas in delaware. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - phi of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to phi's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
a discussion of phi's results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018 is set forth under results of operations-phi in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources phi's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. phi's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper, borrowings from the exelon money pool or capital contributions from exelon. phi's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund phi's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. phi spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under "cash flows from investing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under "cash flows from financing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to phi is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of phi's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of phi's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pepco general pepco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in district of columbia and major portions of prince george's county and montgomery county in maryland. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - pepco of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
a discussion of pepco's results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018 is set forth under results of operations-pepco in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources pepco's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. pepco's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. pepco's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2019, pepco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund pepco's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. pepco spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, pepco operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to pepco is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of pepco's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of pepco's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations dpl general dpl operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in portions of maryland and delaware, and the purchase and regulated retail sale and supply of natural gas in new castle county, delaware. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - dpl of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
a discussion of dpl's results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018 is set forth under results of operations-dpl in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources dpl's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. dpl's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. dpl's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where dpl no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, dpl has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2019, dpl had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund dpl's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. dpl spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, dpl operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to dpl is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of dpl's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of dpl's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ace general ace operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in portions of southern new jersey. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - ace of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to ace's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
a discussion of ace's results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018 is set forth under results of operations-ace in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources ace's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ace's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. ace's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2019, ace had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 16 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund ace's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. ace spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, ace operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to ace is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of ace's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of ace's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.