item 1a. risk factors.
we have listed below the most significant risk factors applicable to us grouped into the following categories: operational risks; macroeconomic, market, and strategic risks; financial risks; and legal and regulatory risks.
operational risks ford's long-term competitiveness depends on the successful execution of global redesign and fitness actions. we previously announced plans for our global redesign and fitness actions to transform the operational fitness of our business by becoming more customer centric and adopting processes that emphasize simplicity, speed and agility, efficiency, and accountability. in addition, to further improve our fitness and overall competitiveness, we are attempting to leverage relationships with third parties, including various alliances and joint ventures as discussed below under "ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, or new business strategies." if our global redesign actions are not successful or are delayed for reasons outside of our control, particularly in europe and south america, or our fitness actions are not successful, we may not be able to materially lower costs in the near term or improve our competitiveness in the long term, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
ford's vehicles could be affected by defects that result in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns, or increased warranty costs. government safety standards require manufacturers to remedy defects related to vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns, and a manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines that the vehicles do not comply with a safety standard. nhtsa's enforcement strategy has shifted to a significant increase in civil penalties levied and the use of consent orders requiring direct oversight by nhtsa of certain manufacturers' safety processes, a trend that could continue. should we or government safety regulators determine that a safety or other defect or a noncompliance exists with respect to certain of our vehicles prior to the start of production, the launch of such vehicle could be delayed until such defect is remedied. the cost of recall and customer satisfaction actions to remedy defects in vehicles that have been sold could be substantial, particularly if the actions relate to global platforms or involve defects that are identified years after production (e.g., takata airbag inflators). such recall and customer satisfaction actions may relate to defective components we receive from suppliers, and our ability to recover from the suppliers may be limited by the suppliers' financial condition. we accrue the estimated cost of both base warranty coverages and field service actions at the time a vehicle is sold, and we reevaluate the adequacy of our accruals on a regular basis. in addition, from time to time, we issue extended warranties at our expense, the estimated cost of which is accrued at the time of issuance. for additional information regarding warranty and field service action costs, including our process for establishing our reserves, see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 and note 27 of the notes to the financial statements. if warranty costs are greater than anticipated as a result of increased vehicle and component complexity, the adoption of new technologies, or otherwise, such costs could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. furthermore, launch delays, recall actions, and increased warranty costs could adversely affect our reputation or market acceptance of our products as discussed below under "ford's new and existing products and mobility services are subject to market acceptance."
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, or new business strategies. we have invested in, formed strategic alliances with, and announced or formed joint ventures with a number of companies, and we may expand those relationships or enter into similar relationships with additional companies. these initiatives typically involve enormous complexity and we may not be able to complete anticipated alliance or joint venture transactions, the anticipated benefits of these transactions may not be realized, or the benefits may be delayed. for example, we may not successfully integrate an alliance or joint venture with our operations, including the implementation of our controls, systems, procedures, and policies, or unforeseen expenses or liabilities may arise that were not discovered during due diligence prior to an investment or entry into a strategic alliance, or a misalignment of interests may develop between us and the other party. further, to the extent we share ownership, control, or management with another party in a joint venture, our ability to influence the joint venture may be limited, and we may be unable to prevent misconduct or implement our compliance or internal control systems. in addition, implementation of a new business strategy may lead to the disruption of our existing business operations, including distracting management from current operations. results of operations from new activities may be lower than our existing activities, and, if a strategy is unsuccessful, we may not recoup our investments in that strategy. failure to successfully and timely realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions or strategies could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
operational systems, security systems, and vehicles could be affected by cyber incidents.  we rely on information technology networks and systems, including in-vehicle systems and mobile devices, some of which are managed by suppliers, to process, transmit, and store electronic information that is important to the operation of our business and our vehicles. despite security measures, we are at risk for interruptions, outages, and compromises of: (i) operational systems (including business, financial, accounting, product development, consumer receivables, data processing, or manufacturing processes); (ii) facility security systems; and/or (iii) in-vehicle systems or mobile devices. such cyber incidents could materially disrupt operational systems; result in loss of trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise the privacy of personal information of consumers, employees, or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities; affect the performance of in-vehicle systems; and/or impact the safety of our vehicles. the cyber risk exposure rises as we continue to develop and produce vehicles with increased connectivity. we, our suppliers, and our dealers have been the target of cyber attacks in the past, and such attacks will continue to evolve in the future, which may cause cyber incidents to be more difficult to detect for periods of time. our networks and in-vehicle systems, sharing similar architectures, could also be impacted by the negligence or misconduct of insiders or third parties who have access to our networks and systems. we continually employ capabilities, processes, and other security measures designed to reduce and mitigate the risk of cyber attacks; however, such preventative measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be sufficient in all circumstances or mitigate all potential risks. moreover, a cyber incident could harm our reputation and/or subject us to regulatory actions or litigation, and a cyber incident involving us or one of our suppliers could impact production.
ford's production, as well as ford's suppliers' production, could be disrupted by labor issues, natural or man-made disasters, financial distress, production difficulties, or other factors.  a work stoppage or other limitation on production could occur at ford's or its suppliers' facilities for any number of reasons, including as a result of labor issues, including disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements, absenteeism, public health issues, or in response to potential restructuring actions (e.g., plant closures); as a result of supplier financial distress or other production constraints, quality issues, or other difficulties; as a result of a natural disaster (including climate-related physical risk); or for other reasons. many components used in our vehicles are available only from a single supplier and, therefore, cannot be re-sourced quickly or inexpensively to another supplier (due to long lead times, new contractual commitments that may be required by another supplier before ramping up to provide the components or materials, etc.). such single-source suppliers also could threaten to disrupt our production as leverage in negotiations. in addition, when we undertake a model changeover, significant downtime at one or more of our production facilities may be required, and our ability to return to full production may be delayed if we experience production difficulties at one of our facilities or a supplier's facility. moreover, as vehicles, components, and their integration become more complex, we may face an increased risk of a delay in production of new vehicles. a significant disruption to our production schedule could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
ford's ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints. substantially all of the hourly employees in our automotive operations in the united states and canada are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements.  these agreements provide guaranteed wage and benefit levels throughout the contract term and some degree of income security, subject to certain conditions. these agreements may restrict our ability to close plants and divest businesses. a substantial number of our employees in other regions are represented by unions or government councils, and legislation or custom promoting retention of manufacturing or other employment in the state, country, or region may constrain as a practical matter our ability to sell or close manufacturing or other facilities.
ford's ability to attract and retain talented, diverse, and highly skilled employees is critical to its success and competitiveness. our success depends on our ability to continue to recruit and retain talented and diverse employees who are highly skilled in engineering, software, and technology, among other areas. competition for such employees is intense, and the loss of existing employees or our inability to recruit new employees, particularly with the introduction of new technologies, could have a substantial adverse effect on our business.
macroeconomic, market, and strategic risks ford's new and existing products and mobility services are subject to market acceptance.  although we conduct extensive market research before launching new or refreshed vehicles and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace and we may not be able to accurately predict trends or the success of new products or services in the market.  it takes years to design and develop a new vehicle or change an existing vehicle. because customers' preferences may change quickly, our new and existing products may not generate sales in sufficient quantities and at costs low enough to be profitable. offering vehicles and services that customers want and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, styling, safety, overall value, fuel efficiency, or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. for example, if we are unable to differentiate our products from those of our competitors or sufficiently tailor our products to customers in markets like china, there could be insufficient demand for our products, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media, and other media, mere allegations relating to quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate social responsibility, or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even where such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded. further, our ability to successfully grow through investments in the area of mobility and electrification depends on many factors, including advancements in technology, regulatory changes, and other factors that are difficult to predict, that may significantly affect the future of autonomous vehicles and mobility services. the automotive and mobility businesses are very competitive, and rapid changes to our industry, including the introduction of new types of competitors that may possess technological innovations, increase the importance that we are able to anticipate, develop, and deliver products and services that customers desire on a timely basis and at costs low enough to be profitable. if the propulsion choices (such as electrified vehicles) or autonomous vehicles and services we offer do not gain market acceptance or at the rate we expect, there could be an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. moreover, new offerings may present technological challenges that could be costly to implement and overcome and may subject us to customer claims if they do not operate as anticipated. in addition, since new technologies are subject to market acceptance, a malfunction involving any manufacturer's autonomous vehicle may negatively impact the perception of autonomous vehicles and erode customer trust.
ford's results are dependent on sales of larger, more profitable vehicles, particularly in the united states. a shift in consumer preferences away from larger, more profitable vehicles (including trucks and utilities) at levels beyond our current planning assumption, whether because of spiking fuel prices, a decline in the construction industry, government actions or incentives, or other reasons, could result in an immediate and substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
with a global footprint, ford's results could be adversely affected by economic, geopolitical, protectionist trade policies, or other events, including tariffs and brexit. with the increasing interconnectedness of the global economy, a financial crisis, economic downturn or recession, natural disaster, geopolitical crisis, or other significant event in one area of the world can have an immediate and material adverse impact on markets around the world.  changes in international trade policy can also have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. for example, steps taken by the u.s. government to apply or consider applying tariffs on automobiles, parts, and other products and materials have the potential to disrupt existing supply chains, impose additional costs on our business, affect the demand for our products, and make us less competitive.  further, other countries attempting to retaliate by imposing tariffs would increase the cost for us to import our vehicles into such countries. in addition, changes to and withdrawals from existing trade agreements and the entry into new trade agreements between governments may impact our results of operations.
china, in particular, presents unique risks to automakers due to its unique competitive and regulatory landscape. for example, we have established joint ventures in china, and, as discussed above under "ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, or new business strategies," we do not have the ability to control or operate those joint ventures for our sole benefit. changes in the chinese economy, and the automotive market in particular, are driving significant changes to our business model for operating in china. moreover, changes in u.s.-china trade policy and new or increased tariffs, as well as a further economic slowdown, may have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
in europe, the united kingdom withdrew from the european union effective as of january 31, 2020, and is now in a period of transition until the end of 2020. the transition period maintains all existing trading arrangements. during the transition period, the united kingdom and european union will negotiate future trading arrangements. until a final agreement has been reached, an exit without a trade agreement in place, which would result in the united kingdom losing access to free trade agreements for goods and services with the european union and other countries, continues to be a risk. an exit from the european union without an agreement in place would likely result in a significant reduction in industry volumes in the united kingdom, increased tariffs on u.k. imports and exports, and delays at the u.k. border, which could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. to the extent there is a negotiated brexit, the implementation of any agreements reached, and the changes to current operations and processes resulting therefrom, could have an adverse impact on our operations.
we have operations in various markets with volatile economic or political environments and are pursuing growth opportunities in a number of newly developed and emerging markets.  these investments may expose us to heightened risks of economic, geopolitical, or other events, including governmental takeover (i.e., nationalization) of our manufacturing facilities or intellectual property, restrictive exchange or import controls, disruption of operations as a result of systemic political or economic instability, outbreak of war or expansion of hostilities, and acts of terrorism, each of which could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  further, the u.s. government, other governments, and international organizations could impose additional sanctions that could restrict us from doing business directly or indirectly in or with certain countries or parties, which could include affiliates.
industry sales volume in any of our key markets can be volatile and could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession, or significant geopolitical event.  because we, like other manufacturers, have a high proportion of relatively fixed structural costs, relatively small changes in industry sales volume can have a substantial effect on our cash flow and results of operations.  industry vehicle sales are affected by overall economic and market conditions. if industry vehicle sales were to decline to levels significantly below our planning assumption for key markets including the united states, europe, or china, the decline could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. for a discussion of economic trends, see item 7.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
ford may face increased price competition or a reduction in demand for its products resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, competitive actions, or other factors. the global automotive industry is intensely competitive, with manufacturing capacity far exceeding current demand. industry overcapacity has resulted in many manufacturers offering marketing incentives on vehicles in an attempt to maintain and grow market share; these incentives historically have included a combination of subsidized financing or leasing programs, price rebates, and other incentives. as a result, we are not necessarily able to set our prices to offset higher costs of marketing incentives, commodity or other cost increases, tariffs, or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations, including pricing advantages foreign competitors may have because of their weaker home market currencies. continuation of or increased excess capacity, particularly for trucks and utilities, could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and market value of our investments can have a significant effect on results. we are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates. we monitor and manage these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of markets and seeks to reduce potentially adverse effects on our business. changes in commodity prices (from tariffs, as discussed above under "with a global footprint, ford's results could be adversely affected by economic, geopolitical, protectionist trade policies, or other events, including tariffs and brexit," or otherwise), currency exchange rates, and interest rates cannot always be predicted, hedged, or offset with price increases to eliminate earnings volatility. as a result, significant changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, or interest rates could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. see item 7 and item 7a for additional discussion of currency, commodity price, and interest rate risks. in addition, our results are impacted by fluctuations in the market value of our investments, which are included in corporate other.
financial risks ford and ford credit's access to debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts could be affected by credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors. ford and ford credit's ability to obtain unsecured funding at a reasonable cost is dependent on their credit ratings or their perceived creditworthiness. further, ford credit's ability to obtain securitized funding under its committed asset-backed liquidity programs and certain other asset-backed securitization transactions is subject to having a sufficient amount of assets eligible for these programs, as well as ford credit's ability to obtain appropriate credit ratings and, for certain committed programs, derivatives to manage the interest rate risk. over time, and particularly in the event of credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or other factors, ford credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates because of funding constraints. the potential discontinuance of libor is one such risk that could cause market volatility or disruption. in july 2017, the chief executive of the united kingdom financial conduct authority (the "fca"), which regulates libor, announced that the fca intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. it is unknown whether any banks will continue to voluntarily submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021 or whether libor will continue to be published by its administrator based on these submissions or on any other basis. it is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, other reforms, or the establishment of alternative reference rates, but the potential discontinuance of libor could adversely affect ford credit's access to the debt, securitization, or derivative markets and its cost of funding and hedging.  in addition, ford credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates if there is a significant decline in the demand for the types of securities it offers or ford credit is unable to obtain derivatives to manage the interest rate risk associated with its securitization transactions. a significant reduction in the amount of receivables ford credit purchases or originates would significantly reduce its ongoing results of operations and could adversely affect its ability to support the sale of ford vehicles.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
ford's receipt of government incentives could be subject to reduction, termination, or clawback. we receive economic benefits from national, state, and local governments in various regions of the world in the form of incentives designed to encourage manufacturers to establish, maintain, or increase investment, workforce, or production. these incentives may take various forms, including grants, loan subsidies, or tax abatements or credits. the impact of these incentives can be significant in a particular market during a reporting period. for example, most of our manufacturing facilities in south america are located in brazil, where the state or federal governments have historically offered, and continue to offer, significant incentives to manufacturers to encourage capital investment, increase manufacturing production, and create jobs. as a result, the performance of our south american operations has been impacted favorably by government incentives to a substantial extent. in brazil, however, the federal government has levied assessments against us concerning our calculation of federal incentives we received, and certain states have challenged the grant to us of tax incentives by the state of bahia. a decrease in, expiration without renewal of, or other cessation or clawback of government incentives for any of our business units, as a result of administrative decision or otherwise, could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. see note 2 of the notes to the financial statements for discussion of our accounting for government incentives, and "item 3. legal proceedings" for a discussion of tax proceedings in brazil and the potential requirement for us to post collateral.
ford credit could experience higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles.  credit risk is the possibility of loss from a customer's or dealer's failure to make payments according to contract terms. credit risk (which is heavily dependent upon economic factors including unemployment, consumer debt service burden, personal income growth, dealer profitability, and used car prices) has a significant impact on ford credit's business. the level of credit losses ford credit may experience could exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition or results of operations. in addition, ford credit projects expected residual values (including residual value support payments from ford) and return volumes for the vehicles it leases. actual proceeds realized by ford credit upon the sale of returned leased vehicles at lease termination may be lower than the amount projected, which would reduce ford credit's return on the lease transaction. among the factors that can affect the value of returned lease vehicles are the volume and mix of vehicles returned, economic conditions, marketing programs, and quality or perceived quality, safety, fuel efficiency, or reliability of the vehicles, or changes in propulsion technology and related legislative changes. actual return volumes may be influenced by these factors, as well as by contractual lease-end values relative to auction values. each of these factors, alone or in combination, has the potential to adversely affect ford credit's results of operations if actual results were to differ significantly from ford credit's projections. see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 for additional discussion.
economic and demographic experience for pension and other postretirement benefit plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns) could be worse than ford has assumed. the measurement of our obligations, costs, and liabilities associated with benefits pursuant to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans requires that we estimate the present value of projected future payments to all participants. we use many assumptions in calculating these estimates, including assumptions related to discount rates, investment returns on designated plan assets, and demographic experience (e.g., mortality and retirement rates). we generally remeasure these estimates at each year end and recognize any gains or losses associated with changes to our plan assets and liabilities in the year incurred. to the extent actual results are less favorable than our assumptions, we may recognize a substantial remeasurement loss in our results. for discussion of our assumptions, see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 and note 18 of the notes to the financial statements.
pension and other postretirement liabilities could adversely affect ford's liquidity and financial condition. we have defined benefit retirement plans in the united states that cover many of our hourly and salaried employees. we also provide pension benefits to non-u.s. employees and retirees, primarily in europe. in addition, we and certain of our subsidiaries sponsor plans to provide other postretirement benefits ("opeb") for retired employees (primarily health care and life insurance benefits). see note 18 of the notes to the financial statements for more information about these plans. these benefit plans impose significant liabilities on us and could require us to make additional cash contributions, which could impair our liquidity. if our cash flows and capital resources were insufficient to meet any pension or opeb obligations, we could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, suspend dividend payments, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
legal and regulatory risks ford could experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise. we spend substantial resources ensuring that we comply with governmental safety regulations, mobile and stationary source emissions regulations, and other standards, but we cannot ensure that employees or other individuals affiliated with us will not violate such laws or regulations. moreover, compliance with governmental standards does not necessarily prevent individual or class action lawsuits, which can entail significant cost and risk. in certain circumstances, courts may permit tort claims even where our vehicles comply with federal and/or other applicable law. furthermore, simply responding to actual or threatened litigation or government investigations of our compliance with regulatory standards, whether related to our products or business or commercial relationships, requires significant expenditures of time and other resources. litigation also is inherently uncertain, and we could experience significant adverse results, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, adverse publicity surrounding an allegation may cause significant reputational harm that could have a significant adverse effect on our sales.
ford may need to substantially modify its product plans to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous vehicle, and other regulations that may change in the future. the worldwide automotive industry is governed by a substantial amount of government regulation, which often differs by state, region, and country, while proposals for additional regulation continue, primarily out of concern for the environment (including concerns about global climate change and its impact), vehicle safety, and energy independence. the regulatory landscape is in flux and can change on short notice. for example, as discussed above under "item 1. business - governmental standards," the european union recently imposed stringent new regulations governing motor vehicle fleet co2 emissions beginning in 2020, with significant potential penalties for excess emissions. in the united states, legal battles are taking shape over environmental regulatory standards. california, which has an ambitious plan to reduce overall ghg emissions to 40% below 1990 levels by 2030, is vigorously opposing an effort by the federal government to preempt state regulations governing motor vehicle ghg emissions. with the backing of other states, california continues to assert its right to promulgate and enforce stringent motor vehicle ghg and zev regulations. these conflicts give rise to regulatory uncertainty and create the possibility that applicable regulatory standards may change quickly as a result of court rulings. in addition, many governments regulate local product content and/or impose import requirements with the intent of creating jobs, protecting domestic producers, and influencing the balance of payments.
we are continuing to make changes to our product cycle plan to improve the fuel economy of our petroleum-powered vehicles and to offer more propulsion choices, such as electrified vehicles, with lower ghg emissions. there are limits on our ability to achieve fuel economy improvements over a given time frame, however, primarily relating to the cost and effectiveness of available technologies, consumer acceptance of new technologies and changes in vehicle mix (as described in more detail above under "ford's new and existing products and mobility services are subject to market acceptance"), willingness of consumers to absorb the additional costs of new technologies, the appropriateness (or lack thereof) of certain technologies for use in particular vehicles, the widespread availability (or lack thereof) of supporting infrastructure for new technologies, and the human, engineering, and financial resources necessary to deploy new technologies across a wide range of products and powertrains in a short time. if fuel prices remain relatively low and market conditions do not drive consumers to purchase electric vehicles and other highly fuel-efficient vehicles in large numbers, it may be difficult to meet applicable environmental standards without compromising results.
increased scrutiny of automaker emission testing by regulators around the world has led to new regulations, more stringent enforcement programs, requests for field actions, and/or delays in regulatory approvals. the cost to comply with existing government regulations is substantial and additional regulations or changes in consumer preferences that affect vehicle mix could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, a number of governments, as well as ngos, publicly assess vehicles to their own protocols. the protocols could change, and any negative perception regarding the performance of our vehicles subjected to such tests could reduce future sales. court decisions arising out of consumer and investor litigation could give rise to de facto changes in the interpretation of existing emission laws and regulations, thereby imposing new burdens on manufacturers. for more discussion of the impact of standards on our global business, see the "governmental standards" discussion in "item 1. business" above.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
we and other companies continue to develop autonomous vehicle technologies, and the u.s. and foreign governments are continuing to develop the regulatory framework that will govern autonomous vehicles. the evolution of the regulatory framework for autonomous vehicles, and the pace of the development of such regulatory framework, may subject us to increased costs and uncertainty, and may ultimately impact our ability to deliver autonomous vehicles and related services that customers want.
ford and ford credit could be affected by the continued development of more stringent privacy, data use, and data protection laws and regulations as well as consumer expectations for the safeguarding of personal information. we are subject to laws, rules, and regulations in the united states and other countries (such as the european union's general data protection regulation and the california consumer privacy act) relating to the collection, use, and security of personal information of consumers, employees, or others, including laws that may require us to notify regulators and affected individuals of a data security incident. complying with newly developed laws and regulations, which are subject to change and uncertain interpretations and may be inconsistent from state to state or country to country, may lead to a decline in consumer engagement or cause us to incur substantial costs or modify our operations or business practices. moreover, regulatory actions seeking to impose significant financial penalties for noncompliance and/or legal actions could be brought against us in the event of a data compromise, misuse of consumer information, or perceived or actual non-compliance with data protection or privacy requirements. further, any unauthorized release of personally identifiable information could harm our reputation, disrupt our business, cause us to expend significant resources, and lead consumers to withhold consent for our use of data.
ford credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations. as a finance company, ford credit is highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations in which it operates, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on its business.  in the united states, for example, ford credit's operations are subject to regulation and supervision under various federal, state, and local laws, including the federal truth-in-lending act, consumer leasing act, equal credit opportunity act, and fair credit reporting act.
the dodd-frank act directs federal agencies to adopt rules to regulate the finance industry and the capital markets and gives the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb") broad rule-making and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer financial protection laws that regulate consumer finance businesses, such as ford credit's automotive financing business. exercise of these powers by the cfpb may increase the costs of, impose additional restrictions on, or otherwise adversely affect companies in the automotive finance business. the cfpb has authority to supervise and examine the largest nonbank automotive finance companies, such as ford credit, for compliance with consumer financial protection laws.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
revenue our automotive segment revenue is generated primarily by sales of vehicles, parts, and accessories. revenue is recorded when control is transferred to our customers (generally, our dealers and distributors). for the majority of sales, this occurs when products are shipped from our manufacturing facilities. this is not the case, however, with respect to vehicles produced for sale to daily rental car companies with an obligation to repurchase the vehicle for a guaranteed amount, exercisable at the option of the customer. these contracts are accounted for as operating leases, with lease revenue and profits recognized over the term of the lease. proceeds from the sale of vehicles at auction are recognized in revenue upon transfer of control of the vehicle to the buyer.
most of the vehicles sold by us to our dealers and distributors are financed at wholesale by ford credit. upon ford credit originating the wholesale receivable related to a dealer's purchase of a vehicle, ford credit pays cash to the relevant automotive legal entity in payment of the dealer's obligation for the purchase price of the vehicle. the dealer then pays the wholesale finance receivable to ford credit when it sells the vehicle to a retail customer.
our ford credit segment revenue is generated primarily from interest on finance receivables, net of certain deferred origination costs that are included as a reduction of financing revenue, and such revenue is recognized over the term of the receivable using the interest method. also, revenue from operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. income is generated to the extent revenues exceed expenses, most of which are interest, depreciation, and operating expenses.
transactions between our automotive and ford credit segments occur in the ordinary course of business. for example, we offer special retail financing and lease incentives to dealers' customers who choose to finance or lease our vehicles from ford credit. the cost for these incentives is included in our estimate of variable consideration at the date the related vehicle sales to our dealers are recorded. in order to compensate ford credit for the lower interest or lease payments offered to the retail customer, we pay the discounted value of the incentive directly to ford credit when it originates the retail finance or lease contract with the dealer's customer. ford credit recognizes the incentive amount over the life of retail finance contracts as an element of financing revenue and over the life of lease contracts as a reduction to depreciation. see note 1 of the notes to the financial statements for a more detailed discussion of transactions between our automotive and ford credit segments.
costs and expenses our income statement classifies our automotive segment total costs and expenses into two categories: (i) cost of sales, and (ii) selling, administrative, and other expenses. we include within cost of sales those costs related to the development, manufacture, and distribution of our vehicles, parts, and accessories. specifically, we include in cost of sales each of the following: material costs (including commodity costs); freight costs; warranty, including product recall costs; labor and other costs related to the development and manufacture of our products; depreciation and amortization; and other associated costs. we include within selling, administrative, and other expenses labor and other costs not directly related to the development and manufacture of our products, including such expenses as advertising and sales promotion costs.
certain of our costs, such as material costs, generally vary directly with changes in volume and mix of production. in our industry, production volume often varies significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. quarterly production volumes experience seasonal shifts throughout the year (including peak retail sales seasons and the impact on production of model changeover and new product launches). annual production volumes are heavily impacted by external economic factors, including the pace of economic growth and factors such as the availability of consumer credit and cost of fuel.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as a result, we analyze the profit impact of certain cost changes holding constant present-year volume and mix and currency exchange, in order to evaluate our cost trends absent the impact of varying production and currency exchange levels. we analyze these cost changes in the following categories:
•   structural costs - these costs typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. these costs include manufacturing, engineering, spending-related, advertising and sales promotion, administrative and selling, and pension and opeb costs.
while contribution costs generally vary directly in proportion to production volume, elements within our structural costs category are impacted to differing degrees by changes in production volume. we also have varying degrees of discretion when it comes to controlling the different elements within our structural costs. for example, depreciation and amortization expense largely is associated with prior capital spending decisions. on the other hand, while labor costs do not vary directly with production volume, manufacturing labor costs may be impacted by changes in volume, for example when we increase overtime, add a production shift, or add personnel to support volume increases. other structural costs, such as advertising or engineering costs, do not necessarily have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. our structural costs generally are within our discretion, although to varying degrees, and can be adjusted over time in response to external factors.
we consider certain structural costs to be a direct investment in future growth and revenue. for example, structural costs are necessary to grow our business and improve profitability, invest in new products and technologies, respond to increasing industry sales volume, and grow our market share.
cost of sales and selling, administrative, and other expenses for full-year 2019 were $145.9 billion. our automotive segment's material and commodity costs make up the largest portion of these costs and expenses, representing in 2019 about two-thirds of the total amount. structural costs are the largest piece of the remaining balance. although material costs are our largest absolute cost, our margins can be affected significantly by changes in any category of costs.
key economic factors and trends affecting the automotive industry currency exchange rate volatility. the u.s. federal reserve lowered its policy interest rate three times in 2019, after nine increases over the course of the tightening cycle beginning in late 2015. central banks in other developed markets have also signaled the potential for rate cuts in response to recent global economic headwinds, extending the era of monetary policy easing that began with the 2008-2009 global financial crisis. the related shifts in capital flows have contributed to increased volatility for both developed and emerging market currencies globally. emerging markets also face differing inflation backdrops and, in some cases, exposure to commodity prices and political instability, contributing to unpredictable movements in the value of their exchange rates.  in addition to direct impacts on the financial flows of global automotive companies, currency movements can also impact pricing of vehicles exported to overseas markets, most notably in the case of the japanese yen and korean won. in most markets, exchange rates are market-determined, and all are impacted by many different macroeconomic and policy factors, and thus likely to remain volatile.  however, in some markets, exchange rates are heavily influenced or controlled by governments.
excess capacity. according to ihs automotive, an automotive research firm, the estimated automotive industry global production capacity for light vehicles of about 139 million units exceeded global production by about 50 million units in 2019.  while global production capacity rose by about 2 million units in 2019 compared with 2018, excess capacity rose by nearly 7 million units, including increases in north america, europe, and, most substantially, in china. in north america and europe, two regions where a significant share of industry revenue is earned, excess capacity as a percent of production in 2019 increased to 30% and 33%, respectively.  in china, the auto industry witnessed excess capacity at 104% in 2019, as industry sales remained below expectations due to weaker economic conditions there. according to production capacity data projected by ihs automotive, global excess capacity conditions could continue for several years at an average of about 50 million units per year, declining only gradually from current levels, during the period from 2020 to 2025.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
pricing pressure. excess capacity, coupled with a proliferation of new products being introduced in key segments, will keep pressure on manufacturers' ability to set prices.  in north america, the industry restructuring of the past few years has allowed manufacturers to better match production with demand, although japanese and korean manufacturers also have capacity located outside of the region directed to north america.  in the future, chinese and indian manufacturers are expected to enter u.s. and european markets, further intensifying competition.  over the long term, intense competition and excess capacity will continue to put downward pressure on inflation-adjusted prices for similarly-contented vehicles in the united states and contribute to a challenging pricing environment for the automotive industry.  in europe, the excess capacity situation has been exacerbated by the nominal reductions in existing capacity, such that negative pricing pressure is expected to continue for the foreseeable future.
commodity and energy price changes. changes in market expectations for global demand, notably weaker growth in china, along with geopolitical tensions have generated volatility in energy prices, though they remain at a relatively low level compared with historical performance. oil prices are expected to remain volatile, and on a lower long-term trend than in prior commodity cycles. prices for other commodities have also been volatile, as fluctuating global demand and the threat of further tariff actions continues to impact prices despite some easing in global trade tensions at the start of this year.
vehicle profitability. our financial results depend on the profitability of the vehicles we sell, which may vary significantly by vehicle line. in general, larger vehicles tend to command higher prices and be more profitable than smaller vehicles, both across and within vehicle segments. for example, in north america, our larger, more profitable vehicles had an average contribution margin that was about 130% of our total average contribution margin across all vehicles, whereas our smaller vehicles had significantly lower contribution margins. in addition, government regulations aimed at reducing emissions and increasing fuel efficiency (e.g., zev mandates and low emission zones) may increase the cost of vehicles by more than the perceived benefit to the consumer. given the backdrop of excess capacity, these regulations could dampen contribution margins.
trade policy. to the extent governments in various regions erect or intensify barriers to imports, or implement currency policy that advantages local exporters selling into the global marketplace, there can be a significant negative impact on manufacturers based in other markets.  while we believe the long-term trend will support the growth of free trade, we have noted with concern recent developments in a number of regions.  the imposition of tariffs on steel and aluminum coming into the united states in 2018 had a direct negative impact on costs for manufacturers in the u.s. market. in asia pacific, a weak yen significantly reduces the cost of exports into the united states, europe, and other global markets by japanese manufacturers, and, over a period of time, contribute to other countries pursuing weak currency policies by intervening in the exchange rate markets.  this is particularly likely in other asian countries, such as south korea.  we will continue to monitor and address developing issues around trade policy.
other economic factors. interest rates, notably mature market government bond yields, and inflation have remained lower than expected.  at the same time, government deficits and debt remain at high levels in many major markets.  the eventual implications of higher government deficits and debt, with potentially higher long-term interest rates, may drive a higher cost of capital over our planning period.  higher interest rates and/or taxes to address the higher deficits also may impede real growth in gross domestic product and, therefore, vehicle sales over our planning period.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
results of operations - 2019
net income includes certain items ("special items") that are excluded from company adjusted ebit. these items are discussed in more detail in note 28 of the notes to the financial statements. we report special items separately to allow investors analyzing our results to identify certain infrequent significant items that they may wish to exclude when considering the trend of ongoing operating results. our pre-tax and tax special items were as follows (in millions):
cash effect of global redesign (incl. separations)                $(196       )       $(911       )
we recorded $6 billion of special item charges in 2019. actions related to our global redesign accounted for $3.2 billion of the special items, including european restructuring, with cash effects of $911 million. special item charges also included $2.5 billion for pension and opeb remeasurement losses. the remeasurement loss did not have an impact on our cash in 2019.
in note 28 of the notes to the financial statements, special items are reflected as a separate reconciling item, as opposed to being allocated among the automotive, mobility, and ford credit segments. this reflects the fact that management excludes these items from its review of operating segment results for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
gaap financial measures cash flows from operating activities ($b)           $15.0               $17.6                $2.6
non-gaap financial measures*
*   see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
for full year 2019, revenue was down 3 percent, or 1 percent excluding the impact of exchange, to $155.9 billion.
in 2019, our diluted earnings per share of common and class b stock was $0.01 and our diluted adjusted earnings per share was $1.19.
*   see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
the $3.6 billion year-over-year decline in net income in 2019 is more than explained by the $6 billion of special item charges discussed in more detail above under "results of operations."
company adjusted ebit decreased about 9 percent year-over-year in 2019, driven by higher investments in mobility and lower automotive ebit, offset partially by improved ford credit ebt.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
automotive segment the table below shows our full year 2019 automotive segment ebit by business unit (in millions).
the tables below and on the following pages provide full year 2019 key metrics and the change in full year 2019 ebit compared with full year 2018 by causal factor for our automotive segment and its regional business units. for a description of these causal factors, see definitions and information regarding automotive causal factors.
key metrics market share (%)                    6.3   %               6.0   %      (0.3) ppts wholesale units (000)             5,982                 5,386                (596    )
ebit margin (%)                     3.7   %               3.4   %      (0.3) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                             (904   )
in 2019, wholesales in our automotive segment declined 596,000 units year-over-year, reflecting decreases in each business unit, while automotive revenue was down 3.1 percent from a year ago.
our full year 2019 automotive segment ebit was $5 billion, down $496 million from a year ago, and ebit margin was 3.4 percent. favorable mix was more than offset by the impact of lower volume, including the effects of new product launches. we had higher net pricing across most business units. costs were higher, driven by higher material and warranty costs, while structural costs, excluding pension and opeb, were lower, primarily as a result of improved fitness and global redesign actions. exchange was unfavorable, and other adverse impacts included uaw contract ratification costs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
key metrics market share (%)                 13.4   %            13.2   %      (0.2) ppts wholesale units (000)           2,920               2,765                (155    )
ebit margin (%)                   7.9   %             6.7   %      (1.2) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                             (174   )
in north america, 2019 wholesales declined 5 percent from a year ago, driven by the impact of major product launches. full year 2019 revenue increased 1 percent year-over-year, driven by improved mix and higher net pricing, offset partially by lower volume.
north america's 2019 ebit decreased 13 percent from a year ago with an ebit margin of 6.7 percent, driven by uaw contract-related bonuses, higher warranty expenses, and lower wholesales. higher net pricing and favorable mix were partial offsets.
key metrics market share (%)                 8.3%                 7.2%           (1.1) ppts wholesale units (000)             365                  295                  (70    )
ebit margin (%)                 (12.8   )%           (18.1   )%      (5.2) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                               (175   )
in south america, 2019 wholesales declined 19 percent from a year ago, driven by the discontinuation of heavy trucks, fiesta, and focus. full year 2019 revenue declined 26 percent year over year, driven by lower volume and adverse exchange.
south america's 2019 ebit loss of $704 million was 4 percent higher than a year ago, driven by lower wholesales.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
key metrics market share (%)                  7.2%                6.8%              (0.4) ppts wholesale units* (000)           1,533               1,418                    (115    )
ebit margin (%)                 (1.3)%              (0.2)%                1.1 ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                               (232   )
in europe, 2019 wholesales declined 8 percent from a year ago, driven by lower share from planned actions to drive gross margin and improve ebit. full year 2019 revenue declined 8 percent year-over-year, driven by adverse exchange and planned lower share from our business redesign.
key metrics market share (%)                  2.9%                2.2%              (0.7) ppts wholesale units* (000)             732                 535                    (197    )
change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                                  143
china's 2019 ebit loss narrowed by 50 percent year-over-year, driven by lower structural costs, favorable exchange, lower tariffs, and higher net pricing.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
key metrics market share (%)                  1.9%                1.7%          (0.2) ppts wholesale units* (000)             323                 279                 (44    )
ebit margin (%)                   5.7%              (0.3)%          (6.0) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                               (281   )
asia pacific operations' 2019 ebit was $466 million lower than a year ago, with a $23 million loss driven by adverse exchange and unfavorable market factors, offset partially by lower costs. the adverse exchange was driven by the australian dollar and thai baht.
key metrics market share (%)                  3.0%                3.2%            0.2 ppts wholesale units* (000)             109                  94                 (15    )
ebit margin (%)                 (0.3)%              (5.9)%          (5.6) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                              (184   )
in middle east & africa, 2019 wholesales declined 14 percent from a year ago, driven by lower share in south africa. full year 2019 revenue declined 11 percent year-over-year, driven by lower volume and adverse exchange.
middle east & africa's 2019 ebit loss was $134 million higher than a year ago, primarily driven by adverse exchange, offset partially by industry pricing. the adverse exchange was primarily driven by the south african rand.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
definitions and information regarding automotive causal factors in general, we measure year-over-year change in automotive segment ebit using the causal factors listed below, with net pricing and cost variances calculated at present-year volume and mix and exchange:
•   market factors (exclude the impact of unconsolidated affiliate wholesales):
◦   volume and mix - primarily measures ebit variance from changes in wholesale volumes (at prior-year average contribution margin per unit) driven by changes in industry volume, market share, and dealer stocks, as well as the ebit variance resulting from changes in product mix, including mix among vehicle lines and mix of trim levels and options within a vehicle line
◦   net pricing - primarily measures ebit variance driven by changes in wholesale prices to dealers and marketing incentive programs such as rebate programs, low-rate financing offers, special lease offers, and stock adjustments on dealer inventory
◦   contribution costs - primarily measures ebit variance driven by per-unit changes in cost categories that typically vary with volume, such as material costs (including commodity and component costs), warranty expense, and freight and duty costs
◦   structural costs - primarily measures ebit variance driven by absolute change in cost categories that typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. structural costs include the following cost categories:
▪   manufacturing, including volume-related - consists primarily of costs for hourly and salaried manufacturing personnel, plant overhead (such as utilities and taxes), and new product launch expense. these costs could be affected by volume for operating pattern actions such as overtime, attendance, line speed, and shift schedules
▪   engineering - consists primarily of costs for engineering personnel, prototype materials, testing, and outside engineering services
▪   spending-related - consists primarily of depreciation and amortization of our manufacturing and engineering assets, but also includes asset retirements and operating leases
▪   advertising and sales promotions - includes costs for advertising, marketing programs, brand promotions, customer mailings and promotional events, and auto shows
▪   administrative and selling - includes primarily costs for salaried personnel and purchased services related to our staff activities and selling functions, as well as associated information technology costs
▪   pension and opeb - consists primarily of past service pension costs and other postretirement employee benefit costs
•   exchange - primarily measures ebit variance driven by one or more of the following: (i) transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant entities, (ii) effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars, (iii) effects of remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities of the relevant entities in currencies other than their functional currency, or (iv) results of our foreign currency hedging
•   other - includes a variety of items, such as parts and services earnings, royalties, government incentives, and compensation-related changes in addition, definitions and calculations used in this report include:
•   wholesales and revenue - wholesale unit volumes include all ford and lincoln badged units (whether produced by ford or by an unconsolidated affiliate) that are sold to dealerships, units manufactured by ford that are sold to other manufacturers, units distributed by ford for other manufacturers, and local brand units produced by our china joint venture, jiangling motors corporation, ltd. ("jmc"), that are sold to dealerships. vehicles sold to daily rental car companies that are subject to a guaranteed repurchase option (i.e., rental repurchase), as well as other sales of finished vehicles for which the recognition of revenue is deferred (e.g., consignments), also are included in wholesale unit volumes. revenue from certain vehicles in wholesale unit volumes (specifically, ford badged vehicles produced and distributed by our unconsolidated affiliates, as well as jmc brand vehicles) are not included in our revenue
•   industry volume and market share - based, in part, on estimated vehicle registrations; includes medium and heavy duty trucks
•   saar - seasonally adjusted annual rate item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
mobility segment our mobility segment primarily includes development costs related to our autonomous vehicles and our investment in mobility through ford smart mobility llc ("fsm"). autonomous vehicles includes self-driving systems development and vehicle integration, autonomous vehicle research and advanced engineering, autonomous vehicle transportation-as-a-service network development, user experience, and business strategy and business development teams. fsm designs and builds mobility products and subscription and other services on its own, and collaborates with service providers and technology companies. in 2019, we began recording in the mobility segment subscription related income previously reported in the automotive segment. this income is generated from services managed in our mobility segment.
in our mobility segment, our 2019 ebit loss was $1.2 billion, a $512 million higher loss than a year ago. our strategic investments in mobility in 2019 increased by more than 75 percent year-over-year as we continued to expand our capabilities in mobility and autonomous vehicles.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit segment the tables below provide full year 2019 key metrics and the change in full year 2019 ebt compared with full year 2018 by causal factor for the ford credit segment. for a description of these causal factors, see definitions and information regarding ford credit causal factors.
gaap financial measures net receivables ($b)                           $146                $142                (3   )%
financial statement leverage (to 1)             9.4                 9.8               0.4
*   u.s. retail financing only, previously included both retail financing and operating leases.
**   u.s. 36-month off-lease auction values at full-year 2019 mix.
non-gaap financial measures managed receivables* ($b)            $155              $152            (2    )%
*   see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
**   see liquidity and capital resources - ford credit segment section for reconciliation to gaap.
change in ebt by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                                 (71   )
ford credit's loss metrics reflected healthy and stable consumer credit conditions, and auction values for off-lease vehicles were slightly better than expected. we expect full year 2020 auction values to be about 5 percent lower compared with 2019 at a constant mix, based on third party assessments. receivables at december 31, 2019 were lower year-over-year.
ford credit delivered $3 billion of ebt in 2019, a 14 percent increase from a year ago, driven by favorable lease residual, credit loss, and derivatives performance.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
definitions and information regarding ford credit causal factors.
in general, we measure year-over-year changes in ford credit's ebt using the causal factors listed below:
◦   volume primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by changes in average managed receivables at prior period financing margin yield (defined below in financing margin) at prior period exchange rates. volume changes are primarily driven by the volume of new and used vehicles sold and leased, the extent to which ford credit purchases retail financing and operating lease contracts, the extent to which ford credit provides wholesale financing, the sales price of the vehicles financed, the level of dealer inventories, ford-sponsored special financing programs available exclusively through ford credit, and the availability of cost-effective funding
◦   mix primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by period-over-period changes in the composition of ford credit's average managed receivables by product within each region
◦   financing margin variance is the period-to-period change in financing margin yield multiplied by the present period average managed receivables at prior period exchange rates. this calculation is performed at the product and country level and then aggregated. financing margin yield equals revenue, less interest expense and scheduled depreciation for the period, divided by average managed receivables for the same period
◦   financing margin changes are driven by changes in revenue and interest expense. changes in revenue are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, cost assumptions in pricing, mix of business, and competitive environment. changes in interest expense are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, borrowing spreads, and asset-liability management
◦   credit loss is the change in the provision for credit losses at prior period exchange rates. for analysis purposes, management splits the provision for credit losses into net charge-offs and the change in the allowance for credit losses
◦   net charge-off changes are primarily driven by the number of repossessions, severity per repossession, and recoveries. changes in the allowance for credit losses are primarily driven by changes in historical trends in credit losses and recoveries, changes in the composition and size of ford credit's present portfolio, changes in trends in historical used vehicle values, and changes in economic conditions. for additional information, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" section of item 7 of part ii of our 2019 form 10-k report
◦   as of january 1, 2019, we changed our accounting method for reporting early termination losses related to customer defaults on operating leases. previously, we presented the early termination loss reserve on operating leases due to customer default events as part of the allowance for credit losses which reduces net investment in operating leases on the balance sheet. we now consider the effects of operating lease early terminations when determining depreciation estimates, which are included as part of accumulated depreciation within net investment in operating leases on the balance sheet. we believe this change in accounting method is preferable as the characterization of these changes is better reflected as depreciation. we have reclassified prior period amounts to reflect these changes.
◦   lease residual measures changes to residual performance at prior period exchange rates. for analysis purposes, management splits residual performance primarily into residual gains and losses, and the change in accumulated supplemental depreciation
◦   residual gain and loss changes are primarily driven by the number of vehicles returned to ford credit and sold, and the difference between the auction value and the depreciated value (which includes both base and accumulated supplemental depreciation) of the vehicles sold. changes in accumulated supplemental depreciation are primarily driven by changes in ford credit's estimate of the expected auction value at the end of the lease term, and changes in ford credit's estimate of the number of vehicles that will be returned to it and sold. with the change in accounting method discussed above, accumulated depreciation now reflects early termination losses on operating leases due to customer default events for all periods presented. for additional information, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases" section of item 7 of part ii of our 2019 form 10-k report
•   exchange:
◦   reflects changes in ebt driven by the effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
◦   primarily includes operating expenses, other revenue, insurance expenses, and other income at prior period exchange rates
◦   changes in operating expenses are primarily driven by salaried personnel costs, facilities costs, and costs associated with the origination and servicing of customer contracts
◦   in general, other income changes are primarily driven by changes in earnings related to market valuation adjustments to derivatives (primarily related to movements in interest rates) and other miscellaneous items in addition, the following definitions and calculations apply to ford credit when used in this report:
•   cash (as shown in the funding structure, liquidity, and leverage tables) - cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, excluding amounts related to insurance activities
•   debt (as shown in the key metrics and leverage tables) - debt on ford credit's balance sheet. includes debt issued in securitizations and payable only out of collections on the underlying securitized assets and related enhancements. ford credit holds the right to receive the excess cash flows not needed to pay the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions
•   securitization cash (as shown in the liquidity table) - cash held for the benefit of the securitization investors (for example, a reserve fund)
•   securitizations (as shown in the public term funding plan table) - public securitization transactions, rule 144a offerings sponsored by ford credit, and widely distributed offerings by ford credit canada
•   term asset-backed securities (as shown in the funding structure table) - obligations issued in securitization transactions that are payable only out of collections on the underlying securitized assets and related enhancements
•   total net receivables (as shown in the key metrics and ford credit net receivables reconciliation to managed receivables tables) - includes finance receivables (retail financing and wholesale) sold for legal purposes and net investment in operating leases included in securitization transactions that do not satisfy the requirements for accounting sale treatment. these receivables and operating leases are reported on ford credit's balance sheet and are available only for payment of the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions; they are not available to pay the other obligations of ford credit or the claims of ford credit's other creditors item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
corporate other corporate other primarily includes corporate governance expenses, interest income (excluding interest earned on our extended service contract portfolio that is included in our automotive segment) and gains and losses from our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and other investments, and foreign exchange derivatives gains and losses associated with intercompany lending. corporate governance expenses are primarily administrative, delivering benefit on behalf of the global enterprise, and are not allocated to specific automotive business units or operating segments. these include expenses related to setting and directing global policy, providing oversight and stewardship, and promoting the company's interests. our full year 2019 corporate other results were a $359 million loss, compared with a $373 million loss a year ago. the year-over-year improvement was driven by fair market value adjustments offset partially by higher interest expense on income taxes.
interest on debt interest on debt consists of interest expense on automotive and other debt. full year 2019 interest expense on automotive and other debt was $1 billion, which is $208 million lower than a year ago, more than explained by lower foreign debt interest expense, reflecting our repayment of higher-cost affiliate debt as discussed in the liquidity and capital resources section below, as well as the extinguishment of ford sollers debt.
taxes our provision for/(benefit from) income taxes for full year 2019 was a $724 million benefit, reflecting an effective tax rate of 113%. this includes a one-time benefit arising from restructuring in our european operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
results of operations - 2018
next-generation focus footprint change       (225      )       (9          )
we recorded $1.4 billion of special item charges in 2018, including $851 million for pension and opeb remeasurement losses and $537 million for separation-related actions from our global redesign.
gaap financial measures cash flows from operating activities ($b)           $18.1               $15.0          $(3.1           )
non-gaap financial measures*
*   see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
in 2018, our diluted earnings per share of common and class b stock was $0.92 and our diluted adjusted earnings per share was $1.30.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
*   see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
the year-over-year decline in net income was primarily due to the lower automotive ebit, the larger mark-to-market adjustment for global pension and opeb plans due to adverse financial market conditions that occurred late in 2018, and personnel separation-related actions in north america, south america, and europe.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
automotive segment the table below shows our full year 2018 automotive segment ebit by business unit (in millions).
the tables below and on the following pages provide full year 2018 key metrics and the change in full year 2018 ebit compared with full year 2017 by causal factor for our automotive segment and its regional business units. for a description of these causal factors, see definitions and information regarding automotive causal factors.
key metrics market share (%)                    7.0   %               6.3   %      (0.7) ppts wholesale units (000)             6,607                 5,982                (625    )
ebit margin (%)                     5.6   %               3.7   %      (1.9) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                           (1,010   )
north america more than explained the automotive segment's full year 2018 profitability. automotive ebit benefited from the largest improvement in market factors since 2015. volume / mix as well as net pricing were improved compared to 2017. this benefit was more than offset by cost, including higher net product costs as we were entering a major product refresh cycle, higher tariff-related effects of $750 million, higher commodities costs of $1.1 billion unrelated to tariff effects, and higher warranty costs, including $775 million of costs related to the takata recalls announced in 2017 in north america. exchange was unfavorable and other adverse impacts included lower joint venture equity income in china. compared to 2017, the decline in automotive ebit was essentially due to china and europe.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
key metrics market share (%)                 13.9   %            13.4   %      (0.5) ppts wholesale units (000)           2,967               2,920                 (47    )
ebit margin (%)                   8.6   %             7.9   %      (0.7) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                                  (11   )
north america's 2018 ebit declined $450 million year-over-year, driven by higher net product costs, tariff-related effects, commodities costs, and warranty costs described above under "automotive segment."
key metrics market share (%)                 8.9%                8.3%             (0.6) ppts wholesale units (000)             373                 365                     (8    )
ebit margin (%)               (12.9)%             (12.8)%               0.1 ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                               (451   )
in 2018, south america delivered an ebit improvement of $75 million compared to 2017.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
key metrics market share (%)                  7.5%                7.2%          (0.3) ppts wholesale units* (000)           1,582               1,533                 (49    )
ebit margin (%)                   1.2%              (1.3)%          (2.5) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                               (418   )
europe saw a year-over-year ebit decline of $765 million in 2018.
key metrics market share (%)                  4.2%                2.9%          (1.3) ppts wholesale units* (000)           1,235                 732                (503    )
change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                                  63
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
key metrics market share (%)                   2.0   %             1.9   %      (0.1) ppts wholesale units* (000)             331                 323                  (8    )
ebit margin (%)                    6.9   %             5.7   %      (1.2) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                               (262   )
asia pacific operations' 2018 ebit declined $64 million from 2017.  the decline was driven by adverse exchange, primarily the thai baht and australian dollar.
key metrics market share (%)                  3.8%                 3.0%              (0.8) ppts wholesale units* (000)             119                  109                     (10    )
ebit margin (%)                   (9.3   )%          (0.3)%                9.0 ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                                68
middle east & africa was nearly breakeven in 2018, with a year-over-year ebit improvement of $239 million.
mobility segment in our mobility segment, our 2018 ebit loss was $674 million, a $375 million higher loss than in 2017, due to increased investments for autonomous vehicle business development and mobility services.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit segment the tables below provide full year 2018 key metrics and the change in full year 2018 ebt compared with full year 2017 by causal factor for the ford credit segment.
gaap financial measures net receivables ($b)                           $143                $146                     3    %
financial statement leverage (to 1)             8.7                 9.4                   0.7
*   u.s. retail and lease, previously included both retail financing and operating leases.
**   u.s. 36-month off-lease auction values at full year 2018 mix.
non-gaap financial measures managed receivables* ($b)            $151              $155             3     %
*   see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
**   see liquidity and capital resources - ford credit segment section for reconciliation to gaap.
change in ebt by causal factor (in millions)
exchange                                                  (9   )
ford credit generated a full year 2018 ebt of $2.6 billion, $317 million higher than 2017. ford credit's ebt improvement was led by favorable lease residual performance and favorable volume and mix. this was offset, in part, by unfavorable derivatives market valuation.
corporate other our full year 2018 corporate other results were a $373 million loss, compared with a $457 million loss in 2017. this year-over-year improvement was driven by higher interest income and net gains on cash equivalents and marketable securities, offset partially by an increase in corporate governance costs.
taxes our provision for income taxes for full year 2018 was $650 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 15.0%. our full year 2018 adjusted effective tax rate, which excludes special items, was 9.7%.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources at december 31, 2019, total balance sheet cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash (including ford credit) was $34.9 billion.
we consider our key balance sheet metrics to be: (i) company cash, which includes cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash, excluding ford credit's cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash; and (ii) company liquidity, which includes company cash (less restricted cash) and total available committed credit lines, excluding ford credit's total available committed credit lines.
cash net of debt                           8.9                         7.0
liquidity. one of our key priorities is to maintain a strong balance sheet, while at the same time having resources available to invest in and grow our business. based on our planning assumptions, we believe we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to continue to invest in new products and services, pay our debts and obligations as and when they come due, pay a regular dividend, and provide protection within an uncertain global economic environment. we will continue to be opportunistic in evaluating sources of capital while maintaining strong balance sheet discipline.
at december 31, 2019, we had $22.3 billion of company cash, with 90% held by consolidated entities domiciled in the united states. to be prepared for an economic downturn, we target an ongoing company cash balance at or above $20 billion. we expect to have periods when we will be above or below this amount due to:  (i) future cash flow expectations, such as for investments in future opportunities, capital investments, debt maturities, pension contributions, or restructuring requirements, (ii) short-term timing differences, and (iii) changes in the global economic environment.
our company cash investments primarily include u.s. department of treasury obligations, federal agency securities, bank time deposits with investment-grade institutions, investment-grade corporate securities, investment-grade commercial paper, and debt obligations of a select group of non-u.s. governments, non-u.s. governmental agencies, and supranational institutions. the average maturity of these investments is approximately one year and adjusted based on market conditions and liquidity needs. we monitor our company cash levels and average maturity on a daily basis.
in addition to our company cash target, we also target to maintain an additional $10 billion of liquidity available under our corporate credit facility to further protect our automotive business against a more severe economic downturn and other potential exogenous shocks. we regularly evaluate the appropriate long-term target for total company liquidity, which is presently $30 billion including company cash and the automotive portion of the corporate credit facility, an amount we believe is sufficient to support our business priorities and to protect our business. at december 31, 2019, we had $35.4 billion of company liquidity, an increase of $1.2 billion from december 31, 2018, reflecting the addition of our supplemental credit facility (described below in available credit lines). we may reduce our company cash and liquidity targets over time, based on improved operating performance and changes in our risk profile.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
changes in company cash. in managing our business, we classify changes in company cash into operating and non-operating items. operating items include: company adjusted ebit excluding ford credit ebt, capital spending, depreciation and tooling amortization, changes in working capital, ford credit distributions, and all other and timing differences. non-operating items include: global redesign (including separation payments), changes in automotive and other debt, contributions to funded pension plans, shareholder distributions, and other items (including acquisitions and divestitures and other transactions with ford credit).
with respect to "changes in working capital," in general we carry relatively low automotive segment trade receivables compared with our trade payables because the majority of our automotive wholesales are financed (primarily by ford credit) immediately upon sale of vehicles to dealers, which generally occurs shortly after being produced. in contrast, our automotive trade payables are based primarily on industry-standard production supplier payment terms generally ranging between 30 days to 45 days. as a result, our cash flow tends to improve as wholesale volumes increase, but can deteriorate when wholesale volumes sharply decrease. these working capital balances generally are subject to seasonal changes that can impact cash flow. for example, we typically experience cash flow timing differences associated with inventories and payables due to our annual summer and december shutdown periods when production, and therefore inventories and wholesale volumes, are usually at their lowest levels, while payables continue to come due and be paid. the net impact of this typically results in cash outflows from changes in our working capital balances during these shutdown periods.
changes in company cash excluding ford credit are summarized below (in billions):
capital spending                                                  $(7.0       )               $(7.7       )               $(7.6       )
changes in working capital                                            -                        (0.9       )                (0.6       )
changes in debt                                                    (0.4       )                (1.8       )                 1.1
change in cash                                                    $(1.0       )               $(3.4       )               $(0.8       )
*   see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
as reported on our consolidated statement of cash flows, our full year 2019 net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities was up $2.6 billion year-over-year more than explained by higher ford credit operating cash flows.  company adjusted free cash flow was flat year-over-year, primarily reflecting improvement in working capital, lower capital spending, and higher distributions from ford credit, offset by uaw contract-related bonuses.
capital spending of $7.6 billion in 2019 was down 2 percent compared with the prior year. ongoing capital spending to support product development, growth, and infrastructure is expected to decline further and be in the range of $6.8 billion to $7.3 billion in 2020.
full year 2019 working capital was $617 million negative, more than explained by lower trade payables.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
available credit lines. total company committed credit lines excluding ford credit at december 31, 2019 were $14.9 billion, consisting of $10.4 billion of our corporate credit facility, $3.5 billion of our supplemental credit facility, and $1 billion of local credit facilities. at december 31, 2019, the utilized portion of the corporate credit facility was $27 million, representing amounts utilized for letters of credit. at december 31, 2019, the utilized portion of the local credit facilities was $200 million. the utilized portion of our supplemental credit facility is described below.
lenders under our corporate credit facility have commitments to us totaling $13.4 billion, with 25% of the commitments maturing on april 30, 2022 and 75% of the commitments maturing on april 30, 2024. we have allocated $3 billion of commitments to ford credit on an irrevocable and exclusive basis to support its liquidity. we would guarantee any borrowings by ford credit under the corporate credit facility.
the corporate credit facility is unsecured and free of material adverse change conditions to borrowing, restrictive financial covenants (for example, interest or fixed-charge coverage ratio, debt-to-equity ratio, and minimum net worth requirements), and credit rating triggers that could limit our ability to obtain funding. the corporate credit facility contains a liquidity covenant that requires us to maintain a minimum of $4 billion in aggregate of domestic cash, cash equivalents, and loaned and marketable securities and/or availability under the facility. if our senior, unsecured, long-term debt does not maintain at least two investment grade ratings from fitch, moody's, and s&p, the guarantees of certain subsidiaries will be required.
in 2019, we entered into a $3.5 billion supplemental credit facility, further strengthening our liquidity and providing additional financial flexibility. the terms and conditions of the supplemental credit facility are consistent with our corporate credit facility; however, unlike our corporate credit facility, the supplemental facility is intended to be utilized and includes a $2 billion revolving facility maturing on april 30, 2022 and a $1.5 billion delayed draw term loan facility maturing on december 31, 2022. we drew all $1.5 billion under the term loan facility in 2019, and all $2 billion under the supplemental revolving facility was available for use as of december 31, 2019.
debt. as shown in note 20 of the notes to the financial statements, at december 31, 2019, company debt excluding ford credit was $15.3 billion, including automotive debt of $14.7 billion. both balances were $1.1 billion higher than at december 31, 2018, and include the $1.5 billion drawn under the term loan facility described above and our $750 million and $800 million unsecured debt (retail bond) issuances in the second quarter and fourth quarter of 2019, respectively. the impact of these transactions is leverage neutral after taking into consideration debt reduction actions we took in late 2018 and in 2019 to repay higher-cost affiliate debt as well as automotive debt maturities over the next several quarters in 2020.
u.s. department of energy ("doe") advanced technology vehicle manufacturer ("atvm") incentive program. see note 20 of the notes to the financial statements for information regarding the atvm loan.
leverage. we manage company debt (excluding ford credit) levels with a leverage framework to maintain investment grade credit ratings through a normal business cycle. the leverage framework includes a ratio of total company debt (excluding ford credit), underfunded pension liabilities, operating leases, and other adjustments, divided by company adjusted ebit (excluding ford credit ebt), and further adjusted to exclude depreciation and tooling amortization (excluding ford credit).
ford credit's leverage is calculated as a separate business as described in the liquidity - ford credit segment section of item 7. ford credit is self-funding and its debt, which is used to fund its operations, is separate from our automotive and other debt.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit segment funding overview. ford credit's primary funding objective is to be well capitalized with a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity to support its financing activities and growth under a variety of market conditions, including short-term and long-term market disruptions. ford credit's funding strategy remains focused on diversification, and it plans to continue accessing a variety of markets, channels, and investors.
ford credit's liquidity profile continues to be diverse, robust, and focused on maintaining liquidity levels that meet its business and funding requirements. ford credit annually stress tests its balance sheet and liquidity to ensure that it can continue to meet its financial obligations through economic cycles.
funding sources. ford credit's funding sources include primarily unsecured debt and securitization transactions (including other structured financings). ford credit issues both short-term and long-term debt that is held by both institutional and retail investors, with long-term debt having an original maturity of more than 12 months. ford credit sponsors a number of securitization programs that can be structured to provide both short-term and long-term funding through institutional investors and other financial institutions in the united states and international capital markets.
ford credit obtains short-term unsecured funding from the sale of demand notes under its ford interest advantage program, through the retail deposit program at fce bank plc ("fce"), and by issuing unsecured commercial paper in the united states and other international markets. at december 31, 2019, the principal amount outstanding of ford interest advantage notes, which may be redeemed at any time at the option of the holders thereof without restriction, and fce deposits was $7 billion. at december 31, 2019, the principal amount outstanding of ford credit's unsecured commercial paper was $4 billion, which primarily represents issuance under its commercial paper program in the united states. ford credit maintains multiple sources of readily available liquidity to fund the payment of its unsecured short-term debt obligations.
ford interest advantage / deposits other                                                                                                                        9
adjustments for cash                                                 (12       )                (10       )                (12       )
securitized funding as percent of managed receivables                 35       %                 39       %                 38       %
*   see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
managed receivables were $152 billion at december 31, 2019 and were funded primarily with term debt and term asset-backed securities. securitized funding as a percent of managed receivables was 38%. ford credit targets a mix of securitized funding between 35% and 40%. the calendarization of the funding plan will result in quarterly fluctuations of the securitized funding percentage.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2017actual           2018actual           2019actual            2020forecast unsecured - currency of issuance (usd equivalent)
ford credit's total unsecured public term funding plan is categorized by currency of issuance.
in 2019, ford credit completed $31 billion of public term funding. for 2020, ford credit projects full-year public term funding in the range of $24 billion to $31 billion. ford credit plans to continue issuing its eurocurrency-denominated (e.g., euro and sterling) public unsecured debt from the united states. through february 3, 2020, ford credit has completed $3.5 billion of public term issuances.
liquidity. the following table shows ford credit's liquidity sources and utilization (in billions):
ford corporate credit facility allocation                 3.0                         3.0                         3.0
utilization of liquidity*
ford corporate credit facility allocation                   -                           -                           -
total utilization of liquidity                         $(22.1       )              $(24.4       )              $(21.6       )
adjustments                                               0.1                         0.1                         0.4
*   see definitions and information regarding ford credit causal factors section.
ford credit's net liquidity available for use will fluctuate quarterly based on factors including near-term debt maturities, receivable growth, and timing of funding transactions. ford credit targets liquidity of about $25 billion. at december 31, 2019, ford credit's net liquidity available for use was $33.1 billion, $5.8 billion higher than year-end 2018.
ford credit's sources of liquidity include cash, committed asset-backed facilities, unsecured credit facilities, and the corporate credit facility allocation. at december 31, 2019, ford credit's liquidity sources including cash totaled $54.3 billion, up $2.7 billion from year-end 2018.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit's balance sheet is inherently liquid because of the short-term nature of its finance receivables, investment in operating leases, and cash. ford credit ensures its cumulative debt maturities have a longer tenor than its cumulative asset maturities. this positive maturity profile is intended to provide ford credit with additional liquidity after all of its assets have been funded.
leverage.  ford credit uses leverage, or the debt-to-equity ratio, to make various business decisions, including evaluating and establishing pricing for finance receivable and operating lease financing, and assessing its capital structure.
the table below shows the calculation of ford credit's financial statement leverage and managed leverage (in billions):
adjustments for cash                                     (11.8       )               (10.2       )               (11.7       )
adjustments for derivative accounting*                       -                         0.2                        (0.5       )
adjustments for derivative accounting*                    (0.1       )                (0.2       )                   -
financial statement leverage (to 1) (gaap)                 8.7                         9.4                         9.8
*   related primarily to market valuation adjustments to derivatives due to movements in interest rates. adjustments to debt are related to designated fair value hedges and adjustments to equity are related to retained earnings.
ford credit plans its managed leverage by considering market conditions and the risk characteristics of its business. at december 31, 2019, ford credit's financial statement leverage was 9.8:1, and managed leverage was 8.9:1. ford credit targets managed leverage in the range of 8:1 to 9:1.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total company pension plan contributions and strategy. our strategy is to reduce the risk of our funded defined benefit pension plans, including minimizing the volatility of the value of our pension assets relative to pension liabilities and the need for unplanned use of capital resources to fund the plans. the strategy reduces balance sheet, cash flow, and income exposures and, in turn, reduces our risk profile. going forward, we expect to:
•   limit our pension contributions to offset ongoing service cost or meet regulatory requirements, if any;
•   maintain target asset allocation of about 80% fixed income investments and 20% growth assets, which better matches plan assets to the characteristics of the liabilities, thereby reducing our net exposure; and
•   evaluate strategic actions to reduce pension liabilities, such as plan design changes, curtailments, or settlements
worldwide, our defined benefit pension plans were underfunded by $6.8 billion at december 31, 2019, a deterioration of $536 million from december 31, 2018, primarily as a result of lower discount rates, offset partially by higher asset returns. of the $6.8 billion underfunded status at year-end 2019, $6.4 billion is associated with our unfunded plans. these are "pay as you go," with benefits paid from company cash. these unfunded plans primarily include certain plans in germany, and u.s. defined benefit plans for senior management.
in 2019, we contributed $730 million (including $140 million in discretionary contributions in the united states) to our global funded pension plans, an increase of $293 million compared with 2018. during 2020, we expect to contribute between $600 million and $800 million of cash to our global funded pension plans. we also expect to make about $300 million of benefit payments to participants in unfunded plans. based on current assumptions and regulations, we do not expect to have a legal requirement to fund our major u.s. plans in 2020. our global funded plans remain fully funded in aggregate, demonstrating the effectiveness of our de-risking strategy and our commitment to a strong balance sheet.
for a detailed discussion of our pension plans, see note 18 of the notes to the financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
return on invested capital. we analyze total company performance using an adjusted return on invested capital ("roic") financial metric based on an after-tax rolling four quarter average. the following table contains the calculation of our roic for the years shown (in billions):
adjusted net operating profit after cash tax net income attributable to ford                                   $7.7                        $3.7                        $0.0
add: pension / opeb service costs                                 (1.1       )                (1.2       )                (1.0       )
net operating profit after cash tax                               $7.0                        $4.0                        $1.4
adjusted net operating profit after cash tax                      $7.5                        $4.6                        $4.8
invested capital equity                                                           $35.6                       $36.0                       $33.2
invested capital (end of period)                                 $65.0                       $62.1                       $61.4
average invested capital                                         $63.4                       $64.0                       $61.7
*   calculated as the sum of net operating profit after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters.
**   calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
credit ratings our short-term and long-term debt is rated by four credit rating agencies designated as nationally recognized statistical rating organizations ("nrsros") by the u.s. securities and exchange commission: dbrs, fitch, moody's, and s&p.
in several markets, locally-recognized rating agencies also rate us. a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the credit risk associated with a corporate entity or particular securities issued by that entity. rating agencies' ratings of us are based on information provided by us and other sources. credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities, and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. each rating agency may have different criteria for evaluating company risk and, therefore, ratings should be evaluated independently for each rating agency.
the following rating actions were taken by these nrsros since the filing of our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2019.
the following table summarizes certain of the credit ratings and outlook presently assigned by these four nrsros:
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
outlook we provided 2020 company guidance in our earnings release furnished on form 8-k dated february 4, 2020. the guidance is based on our expectations as of february 4, 2020 and assumes no material change in the current economic environment, including commodities, foreign exchange, and tariffs, and does not include any assumptions for the effects of the coronavirus. our actual results could differ materially from our guidance due to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those set forth in "risk factors" in item 1a of part i.
capital spending                   $6.8 - $7.3 billion pension contributions              $0.6 - $0.8 billion regular dividend**                     $0.15 / quarter adjusted effective tax rate*         mid-to-high teens global redesign ebit charges   $(0.9) - $(1.4) billion global redesign cash effects   $(0.8) - $(1.3) billion ford credit ford credit auction values           down about 5% ***
*   when we provide guidance for adjusted free cash flow, adjusted ebit, adjusted eps, and adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide guidance for the most comparable gaap measures because, as described in more detail below in "non-gaap measures that supplement gaap measures," they include items that are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty.
**   subject to approval by our board of directors.
our guidance assumes at least nominal growth in automotive, offset by lower ebt from ford credit and a modest investment increase in mobility.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
cautionary note on forward-looking statements statements included or incorporated by reference herein may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, and assumptions by our management and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated, including, without limitation:
•   ford's long-term competitiveness depends on the successful execution of global redesign and fitness actions;
•   ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, or new business strategies;
•   operational systems, security systems, and vehicles could be affected by cyber incidents;
•   ford's production, as well as ford's suppliers' production, could be disrupted by labor issues, natural or man-made disasters, financial distress, production difficulties, or other factors;
•   ford's ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints;
•   ford's ability to attract and retain talented, diverse, and highly skilled employees is critical to its success and competitiveness;
•   ford's new and existing products and mobility services are subject to market acceptance;
•   ford's results are dependent on sales of larger, more profitable vehicles, particularly in the united states;
•   with a global footprint, ford's results could be adversely affected by economic, geopolitical, protectionist trade policies, or other events, including tariffs and brexit;
•   industry sales volume in any of our key markets can be volatile and could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession, or significant geopolitical event;
•   ford may face increased price competition or a reduction in demand for its products resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, competitive actions, or other factors;
•   fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and market value of our investments can have a significant effect on results;
•   ford and ford credit's access to debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts could be affected by credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors;
•   ford's receipt of government incentives could be subject to reduction, termination, or clawback;
•   ford credit could experience higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles;
•   economic and demographic experience for pension and other postretirement benefit plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns) could be worse than ford has assumed;
•   pension and other postretirement liabilities could adversely affect ford's liquidity and financial condition;
•   ford could experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise;
•   ford may need to substantially modify its product plans to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous vehicle, and other regulations that may change in the future;
•   ford and ford credit could be affected by the continued development of more stringent privacy, data use, and data protection laws and regulations as well as consumer expectations for the safeguarding of personal information; and
we cannot be certain that any expectation, forecast, or assumption made in preparing forward-looking statements will prove accurate, or that any projection will be realized. it is to be expected that there may be differences between projected and actual results. our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of their initial issuance, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. for additional discussion, see "item 1a. risk factors" above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
non-gaap financial measures that supplement gaap measures we use both generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and non-gaap financial measures for operational and financial decision making, and to assess company and segment business performance. the non-gaap financial measures listed below are intended to be considered by users as supplemental information to their comparable gaap financial measures, to aid investors in better understanding our financial results. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures provide useful perspective on underlying business results and trends, and a means to assess our period-over-period results. these non-gaap financial measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. these non-gaap financial measures may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in items or events being adjusted.
•   company adjusted ebit (most comparable gaap measure: net income attributable to ford) - earnings before interest and taxes (ebit) excludes interest on debt (excl. ford credit debt), taxes, and pre-tax special items. this non-gaap measure is useful to management and investors because it allows users to evaluate our operating results aligned with industry reporting. pre-tax special items consist of (i) pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses, (ii) significant personnel expenses, dealer-related costs, and facility-related charges stemming from efforts to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand and changing model mix, and (iii) other items that we do not necessarily consider to be indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities. when we provide guidance for adjusted ebit, we do not provide guidance on a net income basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
•   company adjusted ebit margin (most comparable gaap measure: company net income margin) - company adjusted ebit margin is company adjusted ebit divided by company revenue. this non-gaap measure is useful to management and investors because it allows users to evaluate our operating results aligned with industry reporting.
•   adjusted earnings per share (most comparable gaap measure: earnings per share) - measure of company's diluted net earnings per share adjusted for impact of pre-tax special items (described above), tax special items, and restructuring impacts in noncontrolling interests. the measure provides investors with useful information to evaluate performance of our business excluding items not indicative of the underlying run rate of our business. when we provide guidance for adjusted earnings per share, we do not provide guidance on an earnings per share basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
•   adjusted effective tax rate (most comparable gaap measure: effective tax rate) - measure of company's tax rate excluding pre-tax special items (described above) and tax special items. the measure provides an ongoing effective rate which investors find useful for historical comparisons and for forecasting. when we provide guidance for adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide guidance on an effective tax rate basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
•   company adjusted free cash flow (most comparable gaap measure: net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities) - measure of company's operating cash flow excluding ford credit's operating cash flows. the measure contains elements management considers operating activities, including automotive and mobility capital spending, ford credit distributions to its parent, and settlement of derivatives. the measure excludes cash outflows for funded pension contributions, global redesign (including separations), and other items that are considered operating cash flows under gaap. this measure is useful to management and investors because it is consistent with management's assessment of the company's operating cash flow performance. when we provide guidance for company adjusted free cash flow, we do not provide guidance for net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities because the gaap measure will include items that are difficult to quantify or predict with reasonable certainty, including cash flows related to the company's exposures to foreign currency exchange rates and certain commodity prices (separate from any related hedges), ford credit's operating cash flows, and cash flows related to special items, including separation payments, each of which individually or in the aggregate could have a significant impact to our net cash provided by/(used in) our operating activities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•   adjusted free cash flow conversion (most comparable gaap measure: net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities divided by net income attributable to ford) - adjusted free cash flow conversion is company adjusted free cash flow divided by company adjusted ebit. this non-gaap measure is useful to management and investors because it allows users to evaluate how much of ford's adjusted ebit is converted into cash flow.
•   adjusted roic - calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters. adjusted return on invested capital ("roic") provides management and investors with useful information to evaluate the company's after-cash tax operating return on its invested capital for the period presented. adjusted net operating profit after cash tax measures operating results less special items, interest on debt (excl. ford credit debt), and certain pension/opeb costs. average invested capital is the sum of average balance sheet equity, debt (excl. ford credit debt), and net pension/opeb liability.
•   ford credit managed receivables (most comparable gaap measure: net finance receivables plus net investment in operating leases) - measure of ford credit's total net receivables and held-for-sale receivables, excluding unearned interest supplements and residual support, allowance for credit losses, and other (primarily accumulated supplemental depreciation). the measure is useful to management and investors as it closely approximates the customer's outstanding balance on the receivables, which is the basis for earning revenue.
•   ford credit managed leverage (most comparable gaap measure: financial statement leverage) - ford credit's debt-to-equity ratio adjusted (i) to exclude cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (other than amounts related to insurance activities), and (ii) for derivative accounting. the measure is useful to investors because it reflects the way ford credit manages its business. cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are deducted because they generally correspond to excess debt beyond the amount required to support operations and on-balance sheet securitization transactions. derivative accounting adjustments are made to asset, debt, and equity positions to reflect the impact of interest rate instruments used with ford credit's term-debt issuances and securitization transactions. ford credit generally repays its debt obligations as they mature, so the interim effects of changes in market interest rates are excluded in the calculation of managed leverage.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
non-gaap financial measure reconciliations the following tables show our non-gaap financial measure reconciliations. the gaap reconciliation for ford credit managed leverage can be found in the ford credit segment section of "liquidity and capital resources."
less: (provision for) / benefit from income taxes                   (402   )            (650   )             724
less: impact of pre-tax and tax special items                                           608              (1,517   )          (4,676   )
less: noncontrolling interests impact of russia restructuring                             -                   -                 (35   )
less: net impact of adjustments                                                        0.15               (0.38   )           (1.18   )
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
less: impact of special items                                              (289   )          (1,429   )          (5,999   )
(provision for) / benefit from income taxes (gaap)                        $(402   )           $(650   )            $724
less: impact of special items                                               897                 (88   )           1,323
adjusted (provision for) / benefit from income taxes (non-gaap)         $(1,299   )           $(562   )           $(599   )
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities reconciliation to company adjusted free cash flow ($m)
net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities (gaap)         $18,096             $15,022             $17,639
less: items not included in company adjusted free cash flows ford credit operating cash flows                                       9,300              $8,171             $11,531
add: items included in company adjusted free cash flows automotive and mobility capital spending                              (7,004   )          (7,737   )          (7,580   )
settlement of derivatives                                                217                 132                 107
pivotal conversion to a marketable security                                -                 263                   -
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
net investments in operating leases (gaap)*                               26.7                27.4                27.6
consolidating adjustments**                                                7.6                 8.9                 7.0
ford credit unearned interest supplements and residual support             6.1                 6.8                 6.7
*   includes finance receivables (retail and wholesale) sold for legal purposes and net investment in operating leases included in securitization transactions that do not satisfy the requirements for accounting sale treatment. these receivables and operating leases are reported on ford credit's balance sheet and are available only for payment of the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions; they are not available to pay the other obligations of ford credit or the claims of ford credit's other creditors.
**   primarily includes automotive segment receivables purchased by ford credit which are classified to trade and other receivables on our consolidated balance sheet. also includes eliminations of intersegment transactions.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2019 supplemental information the tables below provide supplemental consolidating financial information and other financial information. company excluding ford credit includes our automotive and mobility reportable segments, corporate other, interest on debt, and special items. eliminations, where presented, primarily represent eliminations of intersegment transactions and deferred tax netting.
selected cash flow information. the following tables provide supplemental cash flow information (in millions):
cash flows from operating activities                                                                     company excluding ford credit            ford credit        eliminations                    consolidated net income/(loss)                                                                                                  $(2,144           )           $2,228              $-                                $84
held-for-sale impairment charges                                                                                       804                            -              -                                 804
equity investment dividends received in excess of (earnings)/losses                                                    233                          (30     )        -                                 203
foreign currency adjustments                                                                                           (18           )              (36     )        -                                 (54      )
net (gain)/loss on changes in investments in affiliates                                                                (36           )                7              -                                 (29      )
interest supplements and residual value support to ford credit                                                      (4,681           )            4,681              -                                   -
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                                                 $6,108                      $11,531              $-                            $17,639
cash flows from investing activities capital spending                                                 $(7,580   )        $(52   )   $-                  $(7,632   )
acquisitions of finance receivables and operating leases               -         (55,576   )   -                   (55,576   )
collections of finance receivables and operating leases                -          50,182       -                    50,182
purchases of marketable and other investments                    (11,589   )      (5,883   )   -                   (17,472   )
sales and maturities of marketable and other investments          12,998           3,931       -                    16,929
settlements of derivatives                                 107                      (221   )   -                      (114   )
purchases of common stock                                                                             (237   )           -       -                (237   )
net changes in short-term debt                                                                        (186   )      (1,198   )   -              (1,384   )
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                                             3,082          44,522       -              47,604
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                         $(5   )         $50       $-                $45
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selected income statement information. the following table provides supplemental income statement information (in millions):
operating income/(loss)                                           2,863                (1,338    )          (3,739     )            (2,214    )           2,788                     574
equity in net income of affiliated companies                        (11     )   12                               -                       1
provision for/(benefit from) income taxes                           444                  (284    )          (1,654     )            (1,494    )             770                    (724      )
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selected balance sheet information. the following tables provide supplemental balance sheet information (in millions):
marketable securities                                             13,851                         3,296             -                             17,147
net investment in operating leases                                 1,612                        27,618             -                             29,230
equity in net assets of affiliated companies                       2,396                           123             -                              2,519
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selected other information.
equity. at december 31, 2018, total equity attributable to ford was $35.9 billion, an increase of $354 million compared with december 31, 2017. at december 31, 2019, total equity attributable to ford was $33.2 billion, a decrease of $2.7 billion compared with december 31, 2018. the detail for the changes is shown below (in billions):
common stock issued (including share-based compensation impacts)                       0.2                0.2
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting estimates we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (1) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made, and (2) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. in addition, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined above. changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements.
warranties and field service actions nature of estimates required. we provide base warranties on the products we sell for specific periods of time and/or mileage, which vary depending upon the type of product and the geographic location of its sale. separately, we also periodically perform field service actions related to safety recalls, emission recalls, and other product campaigns. pursuant to these warranties and field service actions, we will repair, replace, or adjust all parts on a vehicle that are defective in factory-supplied materials or workmanship.  we accrue the estimated cost of both base warranty coverages and field service actions at the time of sale. in addition, from time to time, we issue extended warranties at our expense, the estimated cost of which is accrued at the time of issuance.
assumptions and approach used. we establish our estimate of base warranty obligations using a patterned estimation model. we use historical information regarding the nature, frequency, and average cost of claims for each vehicle line by model year. we reevaluate our estimate of base warranty obligations on a regular basis. experience has shown that initial data for any given model year may be volatile; therefore, our process relies on long-term historical averages until sufficient data are available. as actual experience becomes available, we use the data to update the historical averages. we then compare the resulting accruals with present spending rates to assess whether the balances are adequate to meet expected future obligations. based on this data, we update our estimates as necessary.
field service actions are distinguishable from warranties in that they may occur in periods beyond the base warranty coverage period. we establish our estimates of field service action obligations using a patterned estimation model. we use historical information regarding the nature, frequency, severity, and average cost of claims for each model year. we assess our obligation for field service actions on a regular basis using actual claims experience and update our estimates as necessary.
due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of the factors used in establishing our estimates, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. see note 27 of the notes to the financial statements for information regarding warranty and product recall related costs.
pensions and other postretirement employee benefits nature of estimates required. the estimation of our defined benefit pension and opeb plan obligations and expenses requires that we make use of estimates of the present value of the projected future payments to all participants, taking into consideration the likelihood of potential future events such as demographic experience and health care cost increases. plan obligations and expenses are based on existing retirement plan provisions. no assumption is made regarding any potential future changes to benefit provisions beyond those to which we are presently committed (e.g., in existing labor contracts).
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
assumptions and approach used. the assumptions used in developing the required estimates include the following key factors:
•   discount rates. our discount rate assumption is based primarily on the results of a cash flow matching analysis, which matches the future cash outflows for each major plan to a yield curve based on high-quality bonds specific to the country of the plan. benefit payments are discounted at the rates on the curve to determine the year-end obligations.
•   expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. our expected long-term rate of return considers inputs from a range of advisors for capital market returns, inflation, bond yields, and other variables, adjusted for specific aspects of our investment strategy by plan. historical returns also are considered where appropriate. the assumption is based on consideration of all inputs, with a focus on long-term trends to avoid short-term market influences.
•   salary growth. our salary growth assumption reflects our actual experience, long-term outlook, and assumed inflation.
•   inflation. our inflation assumption is based on an evaluation of external market indicators, including real gross domestic product growth and central bank inflation targets.
•   expected contributions. our expected amount and timing of contributions are based on an assessment of minimum requirements, cash availability, and other considerations (e.g., funded status, avoidance of regulatory premiums and levies, and tax efficiency).
•   retirement rates. retirement rates are developed to reflect actual and projected plan experience.
•   mortality rates. mortality rates are developed to reflect actual and projected plan experience.
•   health care cost trends. our health care cost trend assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook, and an assessment of likely long-term trends.
assumptions are set at each year-end and are generally not changed during the year unless there is a major plan event such as a curtailment or settlement that would trigger a plan remeasurement.
see note 18 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding pension and opeb costs and assumptions.
pension plans effect of actual results. the year-end 2019 weighted average discount rate was 3.32% for u.s. plans and 1.74% for non-u.s. plans, reflecting decreases of 97 and 74 basis points, respectively, compared with year-end 2018. in 2019, the u.s. actual return on assets was 20.43%, which was higher than the expected long-term rate of return of 6.75%. non-u.s. actual return on assets was 10.72%, which was higher than the expected long-term rate of return of 4.18%. in total, these differences, in addition to demographic and other updates, resulted in a net remeasurement loss of $1.9 billion which has been recognized within net periodic benefit cost and reported as a special item.
for 2020, the expected long-term rate of return on assets is 6.50% for u.s. plans, down 25 basis points from 2019, and 3.67% for non-u.s. plans, down 51 basis points compared with a year ago, primarily reflecting an increased allocation to fixed income assets and a lower consensus on capital market return expectations from advisors.
de-risking strategy. we employ a broad global de-risking strategy which increases the matching characteristics of our assets relative to our obligation as funded status improves. changes in interest rates (which directly influence changes in discount rates), in addition to other factors, have a significant impact on the value of our pension obligation and fixed income asset portfolio. our de-risking strategy has increased the allocation to fixed income investments and reduced our funded status sensitivity to changes in interest rates. changes in interest rates should result in offsetting effects in the value of our pension obligation and the value of the fixed income asset portfolio.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
sensitivity analysis. the december 31, 2019 pension funded status and 2020 expense are affected by year-end 2019 assumptions. sensitivities to these assumptions may be asymmetric and are specific to the time periods noted. the effects of changes in the factors which generally have the largest impact on year-end funded status and pension expense are discussed below.
discount rates and interest rates have the largest impact on our obligations and fixed income assets. the table below estimates the impact on our funded status of an increase/decrease in discount rates and interest rates (in millions):
basis point change                      increase/(decrease) in december 31, 2019 funded status factor                                                     u.s. plans                        non-u.s. plans discount rate - obligation            +/- 100 bps                          $4,900/$(5,900)                           $5,300/$(6,900)
net impact on funded status                                                    $200/$(200)                           $1,400/$(1,900)
the fixed income asset sensitivity shown excludes other fixed income return components (e.g., changes in credit spreads, bond coupon and active management excess returns), and growth asset returns. other factors that impact net funded status (e.g., contributions) are not reflected.
interest rates and the expected long-term rate of return on assets have the largest impact on pension expense. these assumptions are generally set at each year-end for expense recorded throughout the following year. the table below estimates the impact on pension expense of a higher/lower assumption for these factors (in millions):
basis point change                      increase/(decrease) in december 31, 2019 funded status factor                                                                u.s. plans                        non-u.s. plans interest rate - service cost and interest cost   +/- 25 bps                                 $40/$(40)                                 $30/$(30)
expected long-term rate of return on assets      +/- 25                                     (110)/110                                   (70)/70
the impact of changing multiple factors simultaneously cannot be calculated by combining the individual sensitivities. the sensitivity of pension expense to an increase in discount rates assumptions may not be linear.
other postretirement employee benefits effect of actual results. the weighted average discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation for worldwide opeb plans at december 31, 2019 was 3.30%, compared with 4.08% at december 31, 2018, resulting in a worldwide net remeasurement loss of $551 million which has been recognized within net periodic benefit cost and reported as a special item.
sensitivity analysis. discount rates and interest rates have the largest impact on our opeb obligation and expense. the table below estimates the impact on 2020 opeb expense of higher/lower assumptions for these factors (in millions):
worldwide opeb basis point change   (increase)/decrease 2019 ye obligation          increase/(decrease) 2019 expense factor discount rate - obligation                       +/- 100 bps          $700/$(850)                                     n/a interest rate - service cost and interest cost   +/- 25               n/a                                             $5/$(5)
income taxes nature of estimates required. we must make estimates and apply judgment in determining the provision for income taxes for financial reporting purposes. we make these estimates and judgments primarily in the following areas: (i) the calculation of tax credits, (ii) the calculation of differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes that will ultimately be reported in tax returns, as well as (iii) the calculation of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. changes in these estimates and judgments may result in a material increase or decrease to our tax provision, which would be recorded in the period in which the change occurs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
assumptions and approach used. we are subject to the income tax laws and regulations of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws and regulations are complex and involve uncertainties in the application to our facts and circumstances that may be open to interpretation. we recognize benefits for these uncertain tax positions based upon a process that requires judgment regarding the technical application of the laws, regulations, and various related judicial opinions. if, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that the uncertain tax position will be settled favorably to us, we estimate an amount that ultimately will be realized. this process is inherently subjective, since it requires our assessment of the probability of future outcomes. we evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis, including consideration of changes in facts and circumstances, such as new regulations or recent judicial opinions, as well as the status of audit activities by taxing authorities. changes to our estimate of the amount to be realized are recorded in our provision for income taxes during the period in which the change occurred.
we must also assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income and reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized.
this assessment, which is completed on a taxing jurisdiction basis, takes into account a number of types of evidence, including the following:
•   nature, frequency, and severity of current and cumulative financial reporting losses. a pattern of objectively measured recent financial reporting losses is heavily weighted as a source of negative evidence. we generally consider cumulative pre-tax losses in the three-year period ending with the current quarter to be significant negative evidence regarding future profitability. we also consider the strength and trend of earnings, as well as other relevant factors. in certain circumstances, historical information may not be as relevant due to changes in our business operations;
•   sources of future taxable income. future reversals of existing temporary differences are heavily-weighted sources of objectively verifiable positive evidence. projections of future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences are a source of positive evidence only when the projections are combined with a history of recent profits and can be reasonably estimated. otherwise, these projections are considered inherently subjective and generally will not be sufficient to overcome negative evidence that includes relevant cumulative losses in recent years, particularly if the projected future taxable income is dependent on an anticipated turnaround to profitability that has not yet been achieved. in such cases, we generally give these projections of future taxable income no weight for the purposes of our valuation allowance assessment; and
•   tax planning strategies. if necessary and available, tax planning strategies would be implemented to accelerate taxable amounts to utilize expiring carryforwards. these strategies would be a source of additional positive evidence and, depending on their nature, could be heavily weighted.
we presently believe that a valuation allowance of $843 million is required, primarily related to deferred tax assets in various non-u.s. operations. we believe that we ultimately will recover the remaining $11.3 billion of deferred tax assets. we have assessed recoverability of these assets and concluded that no valuation allowance is required for these assets.
for additional information regarding income taxes, see note 7 of the notes to the financial statements.
impairment of long-lived assets nature of estimates required - held-and-used long-lived assets.  we test our long-lived asset groups when changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may not be recoverable. events that trigger a test for recoverability include material adverse changes in projected revenues and expenses, present cash flow losses combined with a history of present cash flow losses and a forecast that demonstrates significant continuing losses, significant negative industry or economic trends, a current expectation that a long-lived asset group will be disposed of significantly before the end of its useful life, a significant adverse change in the manner in which an asset group is used or in its physical condition, or when there is a change in the asset grouping. when a triggering event occurs, a test for recoverability is performed, comparing projected undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the asset group. if the test for recoverability identifies a possible impairment, the asset group's fair value is measured relying primarily on a discounted cash flow method. to the extent available, we will also consider third-party valuations of our long-lived assets that were prepared for other business purposes. an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds its estimated fair value. when an impairment loss is recognized for assets to be held and used, the adjusted carrying amount of those assets is depreciated over their remaining useful life.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nature of estimates required - held-for-sale operations.  we perform an impairment test on a disposal group to be discontinued, held for sale, or otherwise disposed of when we have committed to an action and the action is expected to be completed within one year. we estimate fair value to approximate the expected proceeds to be received less cost to sell and compare it to the carrying value of the disposal group. an impairment charge is recognized when the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value.
assumptions and approach used - held-and-used long-lived assets. we measure the fair value of an asset group based on market prices (i.e., the amount for which the asset could be sold to a third party) when available. when market prices are not available, we generally estimate the fair value of the asset group using the income approach and/or the market approach. the income approach uses cash flow projections. inherent in our development of cash flow projections are assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our operating results, business plan forecasts, expected growth rates, and cost of capital, similar to those a market participant would use to assess fair value. we also make certain assumptions about future economic conditions and other data. many of the factors used in assessing fair value are outside the control of management, and these assumptions and estimates may change in future periods.
changes in assumptions or estimates can materially affect the fair value measurement of an asset group and, therefore, can affect the test results. the following are key assumptions we use in making cash flow projections:
•   business projections. we make assumptions about the demand for our products in the marketplace. these assumptions drive our planning assumptions for volume, mix, and pricing. we also make assumptions about our cost levels (e.g., capacity utilization, cost performance). these projections are derived using our internal business plan forecasts that are updated at least annually and reviewed by our board of directors.
•   long-term growth rate. a growth rate is used to calculate the terminal value of the business and is added to the present value of the debt-free interim cash flows. the growth rate is the expected rate at which a business unit's earnings stream is projected to grow beyond the planning period.
•   discount rate. when measuring possible impairment, future cash flows are discounted at a rate that is consistent with a weighted-average cost of capital that we anticipate a potential market participant would use. weighted-average cost of capital is an estimate of the overall risk-adjusted pre-tax rate of return expected by equity and debt holders of a business enterprise.
•   economic projections. assumptions regarding general economic conditions are included in and affect our assumptions regarding industry sales and pricing estimates for our vehicles. these macroeconomic assumptions include, but are not limited to, industry sales volumes, inflation, interest rates, prices of raw materials (e.g., commodities), and foreign currency exchange rates.
during 2018, we embarked on a comprehensive strategy aimed at strengthening the competitive position and profitability of our operations. as part of this process, we have initiated several key fitness actions aimed at reducing structural costs while at the same time consulting with our key stakeholders and partners with regard to a fundamental redesign of our operations. this redesign includes changes to the company's vehicle portfolio, expanding offerings and volumes in its most profitable growth vehicle segments, while improving or exiting less profitable vehicle lines and addressing underperforming markets.
against this backdrop, we determined that there were triggering events related to asia pacific operations, china, and south america business units and tested our long-lived assets for impairment. we also tested the newly formed international markets group ("img") business unit, which combined our asia pacific operations, and middle east & africa business units and also includes the results of our joint venture in russia. using our internal economic and business projections, as well as third-party valuations of certain long-lived assets, we determined that the carrying value of the long-lived assets in these business units was recoverable at december 31, 2019.  if in future quarters our economic or business projections were to change as a result of our plans or changes in the business environment, there was a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used, or there is a current expectation that a long-lived asset group will be disposed of significantly before the end of its useful life, we would undertake additional testing, as appropriate, which could result in an impairment of long-lived assets.
assumptions and approach used - held-for-sale operations. in the third quarter of 2019, we committed to a plan to sell specific net assets in our india automotive operations. we entered into a definitive agreement to form a joint venture with mahindra & mahindra limited ("mahindra"), with mahindra owning a 51 percent controlling stake and ford owning a 49 percent stake. under the terms of the transaction, which is expected to close mid-2020, ford will sell certain india automotive operations to the joint venture.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
our commitment to sell the india automotive operations triggered a held-for-sale impairment test. the fair value of the disposal group is measured using a market approach and estimated based on expected proceeds to be received less cost to sell, which we conclude is most representative of the value of the net assets given the current market conditions, the characteristics of viable market participants, and the pending sales transaction. as a result of the impairment testing, we recognized a pre-tax impairment charge of $804 million reported in cost of sales.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses represents ford credit's estimate of the probable credit loss inherent in finance receivables as of the balance sheet date. the adequacy of ford credit's allowance for credit losses is assessed quarterly and the assumptions and models used in establishing the allowance are evaluated regularly. because credit losses can vary substantially over time, estimating credit losses requires a number of assumptions about matters that are uncertain. see note 11 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding allowance for credit losses.
nature of estimates required. ford credit estimates the probable credit losses inherent in finance receivables based on several factors.
consumer portfolio. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses on consumer receivables using a combination of measurement models and management judgment. the models consider factors such as historical trends in credit losses and recoveries (including key metrics such as delinquencies, repossessions, and bankruptcies), the composition of ford credit's present portfolio (including vehicle brand, term, risk evaluation, and new/used vehicles), trends in historical used vehicle values, and economic conditions. estimates from these models rely on historical information and may not fully reflect losses inherent in the present portfolio. therefore, ford credit may adjust the estimate to reflect management judgment regarding observable changes in recent economic trends and conditions, portfolio composition, and other relevant factors.
•   frequency. the number of finance receivables that are expected to default over the loss emergence period ("lep"), measured as repossessions; repossession ratio reflects the number of finance receivables that ford credit expects will default over a period of time divided by the average number of contracts outstanding; and
•   loss severity. the expected difference between the amount a customer owes when the finance contract is charged off and the amount received, net of expenses, from selling the repossessed vehicle.
collective allowance for credit losses. the collective allowance is evaluated primarily using a collective loss-to- receivables ("ltr") model that, based on historical experience, indicates credit losses have been incurred in the portfolio even though the particular accounts that are uncollectible cannot be specifically identified. the ltr model is based on the most recent years of history. an ltr for each product is calculated by dividing credit losses (i.e., charge-offs net of recoveries) by average net finance receivables, excluding unearned interest supplements, and allowance for credit losses. the average ltr that is calculated for each product is multiplied by the end-of-period balances for that given product.
ford credit's largest markets also use a loss projection model to estimate losses inherent in the portfolio. the loss projection model applies recent monthly performance metrics, stratified by contract type (retail installment sale contract or finance lease), contract term (e.g., 60-month), and risk rating to ford credit's active portfolio to estimate the losses that have been incurred.
the lep is an assumption within ford credit's models and represents the average amount of time between when a loss event first occurs to when it is charged off. this time period starts when the consumer begins to experience financial difficulty. it is evidenced, typically through delinquency, before eventually resulting in a charge-off. the lep is a multiplier in the calculation of the collective consumer allowance for credit losses.
for accounts greater than 120 days past due, the uncollectible portion is charged off, such that the remaining recorded investment is equal to the estimated fair value of the collateral less costs to sell.
specific allowance for impaired receivables. consumer receivables involved in troubled debt restructurings are specifically assessed for impairment. a specific allowance is estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the receivable discounted at the contract's original effective interest rate or the fair value of any collateral adjusted for estimated costs to sell.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
after establishing the collective and specific allowance for credit losses, if ford credit management believes the allowance does not reflect all losses inherent in the portfolio due to changes in recent economic trends and conditions, or other relevant factors, an adjustment is made based on management judgment.
sensitivity analysis. changes in the assumptions used to derive frequency and severity would affect the allowance for credit losses. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln retail financing is as follows (in millions):
assumption                       basis point change   increase/(decrease)
non-consumer portfolio. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses for non-consumer receivables based on historical ltr ratios, expected future cash flows, and the fair value of collateral.
collective allowance for credit losses. ford credit estimates an allowance for non-consumer receivables that are not specifically identified as impaired using an ltr model for each financing product based on historical experience. this ltr is an average of the most recent historical experience and is calculated consistent with the consumer receivables ltr approach. all accounts that are specifically identified as impaired are excluded from the calculation of the non-specific or collective allowance.
specific allowance for impaired receivables. dealer financing is evaluated by segmenting individual loans by the risk characteristics of the loan (such as the amount of the loan, the nature of the collateral, and the financial status of the debtor). the loans are analyzed to determine whether individual loans are impaired, and a specific allowance is estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the receivable discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral adjusted for estimated costs to sell.
after establishing the collective and specific allowance for credit losses, if ford credit management believes the allowance does not reflect all losses inherent in the portfolio due to changes in recent economic trends and conditions, or other relevant factors, an adjustment is made based on management judgment.
changes in ford credit's assumptions affect ford credit interest, operating, and other expenses on our income statement and the allowance for credit losses contained within ford credit finance receivables, net on our balance sheet.
accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases reduces the value of the leased vehicles in ford credit's operating lease portfolio from their original acquisition value to their expected residual value at the end of the lease term.
ford credit monitors residual values each month, and it reviews the adequacy of accumulated depreciation on a quarterly basis. if ford credit believes that the expected residual values for its vehicles have changed, it revises depreciation to ensure that net investment in operating leases (equal to the acquisition value of the vehicles less accumulated depreciation) will be adjusted to reflect ford credit's revised estimate of the expected residual value at the end of the lease term. such adjustments to depreciation expense would result in a change in the depreciation rates of the vehicles subject to operating leases and are recorded prospectively on a straight-line basis.
each lease customer has the option to buy the leased vehicle at the end of the lease or to return the vehicle to the dealer.
nature of estimates required.  each operating lease in ford credit's portfolio represents a vehicle it owns that has been leased to a customer. at the time ford credit purchases a lease, it establishes an expected residual value for the vehicle. ford credit estimates the expected residual value by evaluating recent auction values, return volumes for its leased vehicles, industrywide used vehicle prices, marketing incentive plans, and vehicle quality data.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
assumptions used. ford credit's accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases is based on assumptions regarding:
•   auction value. ford credit's projection of the market value of the vehicles when sold at the end of the lease; and
•   return volume. ford credit's projection of the number of vehicles that will be returned at lease-end.
see note 13 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases.
sensitivity analysis. for returned vehicles, ford credit faces a risk that the amount it obtains from the vehicle sold at auction will be less than its estimate of the expected residual value for the vehicle. the impact of the change in assumptions on future auction values and return volumes would increase or decrease accumulated supplemental depreciation and depreciation expense over the remaining terms of the operating leases. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln operating lease portfolio is as follows (in millions):
assumption              basis pointchange   increase/(decrease)
future auction values   +/- 100 bps         $(132)/$132
adjustments to the amount of accumulated supplemental depreciation on operating leases would be reflected on our balance sheet as net investment in operating leases and on the income statement in ford credit interest, operating, and other expenses.
accounting standards issued but not yet adopted the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") has issued the following accounting standards updates ("asu") which are not expected to have a material impact (with the exception of asu 2016-13) to our financial statements or financial statement disclosures. for additional information, see note 3 of the notes to the financial statements.
2018-18   clarifying the interaction between collaborative arrangements and revenue from contracts with customers               january 1, 2020
2018-15   customer's accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a servicecontract    january 1, 2020
2016-13   credit losses - measurement of credit losses on financial instruments                                                 january 1, 2020 (b)
(a)   early adoption for each of the standards is permitted.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
aggregate contractual obligations we are party to many contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. most of these are debt obligations incurred by our ford credit segment. long-term debt may have fixed or variable interest rates. for long-term debt with variable-rate interest, we estimate the future interest payments based on projected market interest rates for various floating-rate benchmarks received from third parties. in addition, as part of our normal business practices, we enter into contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services. these arrangements may contain fixed or minimum quantity purchase requirements. "purchase obligations" are defined as off-balance sheet agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company and that specify all significant terms.
the table below summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019 (in millions):
operating leases                                     388                 498                   245                   360                   1,491
off-balance sheet purchase obligations                               1,323               1,414                   635                   200                   3,572
operating leases                                      18                  27                    25                    27                      97
off-balance sheet purchase obligations                                  26                  41                    18                     -                      85
(a)   excludes unamortized debt discounts/premiums, unamortized debt issuance costs, and fair value adjustments.
(b)   includes interest payments of $11 million.
(c)   amounts represent our estimate of contractually obligated contributions to u.k. and ford-werke plans. see note 18 of the notes to the financial statements for further information regarding our expected 2020 pension contributions and funded status.
the amount of unrecognized tax benefits for 2019 of $1.9 billion (see note 7 of the notes to the financial statements for additional discussion) is excluded from the table above. final settlement of a significant portion of these obligations will require bilateral tax agreements among us and various countries, the timing of which cannot reasonably be estimated.
for additional information regarding pension and opeb obligations, operating lease obligations, and long-term debt, see notes 18, 19, and 20, respectively, of the notes to the financial statements.