item 1a.    risk factors we face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory and reputational risks. the following are some of the more important factors that could affect our businesses.
our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally.
our businesses, by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings, and all of our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through their impact on client activity levels and creditworthiness. these conditions can change suddenly and negatively.
our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. a favorable business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors, high global gross domestic product growth, regulatory and market conditions that result in transparent, liquid and efficient capital markets, low inflation, high business and investor confidence, stable geopolitical conditions, clear regulations and strong business earnings.
unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by: declines in economic growth, business activity or investor, business or consumer confidence; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; illiquid markets; increases in inflation, interest rates, exchange rate or basic commodity price volatility or default rates; concerns about sovereign defaults; uncertainty concerning fiscal or monetary policy, government shutdowns, debt ceilings or funding; the extent of and uncertainty about tax and other regulatory changes; the imposition of tariffs or other limitations on international trade and travel; outbreaks of domestic or international tensions or hostilities, terrorism, nuclear proliferation, cyber security threats or attacks and other forms of disruption to or curtailment of global communication, energy transmission or transportation networks or other geopolitical instability or uncertainty, such as brexit; corporate, political or other scandals that reduce investor confidence in capital markets; extreme weather events or other natural disasters or pandemics; or a combination of these or other factors.
the financial services industry and the securities and other financial markets have been materially and adversely affected in the past by significant declines in the values of nearly all asset classes, by a serious lack of liquidity and by high levels of borrower defaults. in addition, concerns about european sovereign debt risk and its impact on the european banking system, the impact of brexit, the imposition of tariffs and actions taken by other countries in response, and changes in interest rates and other market conditions or actual changes in interest rates and other market conditions, have resulted, at times, in significant volatility while negatively impacting the levels of client activity.
general uncertainty about economic, political and market activities, and the scope, timing and impact of regulatory reform, as well as weak consumer, investor and ceo confidence resulting in large part from such uncertainty, has in the past negatively impacted client activity, which can adversely affect many of our businesses. periods of low volatility and periods of high volatility combined with a lack of liquidity, have at times had an unfavorable impact on our market-making businesses.
financial institution returns in many countries may be negatively impacted by increased funding costs due in part to the lack of perceived government support of such institutions in the event of future financial crises relative to financial institutions in countries in which governmental support is maintained. in addition, liquidity in the financial markets has also been negatively impacted as market participants and market practices and structures continue to adjust to new regulations.
our revenues and profitability and those of our competitors have been and will continue to be impacted by requirements relating to capital, additional loss-absorbing capacity, leverage, minimum liquidity and long-term funding levels, requirements related to resolution and recovery planning, derivatives clearing and margin rules and levels of regulatory oversight, as well as limitations on which and, if permitted, how certain business activities may be carried out by financial institutions.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries our businesses and those of our clients are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world.
as a participant in the financial services industry and a systemically important financial institution, we are subject to extensive regulation in jurisdictions around the world. we face the risk of significant intervention by law enforcement, regulatory and taxing authorities, as well as private litigation, in all jurisdictions in which we conduct our businesses. in many cases, our activities have been and may continue to be subject to overlapping and divergent regulation in different jurisdictions. among other things, as a result of law enforcement authorities, regulators or private parties challenging our compliance with existing laws and regulations, we or our employees have been, and could be, fined, criminally charged or sanctioned; prohibited from engaging in some of our business activities; subjected to limitations or conditions on our business activities, including higher capital requirements; or subjected to new or substantially higher taxes or other governmental charges in connection with the conduct of our businesses or with respect to our employees. these limitations or conditions may limit our business activities and negatively impact our profitability.
in addition to the impact on the scope and profitability of our business activities, day-to-day compliance with existing laws and regulations has involved and will, except to the extent that some of these regulations are modified or otherwise repealed, continue to involve significant amounts of time, including that of our senior leaders and that of a large number of dedicated compliance and other reporting and operational personnel, all of which may negatively impact our profitability.
if there are new laws or regulations or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our businesses or those of our clients, including capital, liquidity, leverage, long-term debt, total loss-absorbing capacity and margin requirements, restrictions on leveraged lending or other business practices, reporting requirements, requirements relating to recovery and resolution planning, tax burdens and compensation restrictions, that are imposed on a limited subset of financial institutions (whether based on size, method of funding, activities, geography or other criteria), compliance with these new laws or regulations, or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively with other institutions that are not affected in the same way. in addition, regulation imposed on financial institutions or market participants generally, such as taxes on financial transactions, could adversely impact levels of market activity more broadly, and thus impact our businesses.
these developments could impact our profitability in the affected jurisdictions, or even make it uneconomic for us to continue to conduct all or certain of our businesses in those jurisdictions, or could cause us to incur significant costs associated with changing our business practices, restructuring our businesses, moving all or certain of our businesses and our employees to other locations or complying with applicable capital requirements, including reducing dividends or share repurchases, liquidating assets or raising capital in a manner that adversely increases our funding costs or otherwise adversely affects our shareholders and creditors.
u.s. and non-u.s. regulatory developments, in particular the dodd-frank act and basel iii, have significantly altered the regulatory framework within which we operate and have adversely affected and may in the future affect our profitability. among the aspects of the dodd-frank act that have affected or may in the future affect our businesses are: increased capital, liquidity and reporting requirements; limitations on activities in which we may engage; increased regulation of and restrictions on otc derivatives markets and transactions; limitations on incentive compensation; limitations on affiliate transactions; requirements to reorganize or limit activities in connection with recovery and resolution planning; increased deposit insurance assessments; and increased standards of care for broker-dealers and investment advisers in dealing with clients. the implementation of higher capital requirements, more stringent requirements relating to liquidity, long-term debt and total loss-absorbing capacity and the prohibition on proprietary trading and the sponsorship of, or investment in, covered funds by the volcker rule may continue to adversely affect our profitability and competitive position, particularly if these requirements do not apply equally to our competitors or are not implemented uniformly across jurisdictions.
as described in "business - regulation - banking supervision and regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k, our proposed capital actions and capital plan are reviewed by the frb as part of the ccar process. if the frb objects to our proposed capital actions in our capital plan, we could be prohibited from taking some or all of the proposed capital actions, including increasing or paying dividends on common or preferred stock or repurchasing common stock or other capital securities. our inability to carry out our proposed capital actions could, among other things, prevent us from returning capital to our shareholders and impact our return on equity. additionally, as a consequence of our designation as a g-sib, we are subject to the g-sib buffer. our g-sib buffer is updated annually based on financial data from the prior year. expansion of our businesses, growth in our balance sheet or increased reliance on short-term wholesale funding may result in an increase in our g-sib buffer and a corresponding increase in our capital requirements.
24   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries we are also subject to laws and regulations, such as the gdpr and the california consumer privacy act, relating to the privacy of the information of clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. as new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase.
in addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to cyber attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology.
we have entered into consumer-oriented deposit-taking, lending and credit card businesses, and we expect to expand the product and geographic scope of our offerings. entering into these businesses subjects us to numerous additional regulations in the jurisdictions in which these businesses operate. not only are these regulations extensive, but they involve types of regulations and supervision, as well as regulatory compliance risks, that we have not previously encountered. the level of regulatory scrutiny and the scope of regulations affecting financial interactions with consumers is often much greater than that associated with doing business with institutions and high-net-worth  individuals. complying with these regulations is time-consuming, costly and presents new and increased risks.
increasingly, regulators and courts have sought to hold financial institutions liable for the misconduct of their clients where such regulators and courts have determined that the financial institution should have detected that the client was engaged in wrongdoing, even though the financial institution had no direct knowledge of the activities engaged in by its client. regulators and courts have also increasingly found liability as a "control person" for activities of entities in which financial institutions or funds controlled by financial institutions have an investment, but which they do not actively manage. in addition, regulators and courts continue to seek to establish "fiduciary" obligations to counterparties to which no such duty had been assumed to exist. to the extent that such efforts are successful, the cost of, and liabilities associated with, engaging in brokerage, clearing, market-making, prime brokerage, investing and other similar activities could increase significantly. to the extent that we have fiduciary obligations in connection with acting as a financial adviser or investment adviser or in other roles for individual, institutional, sovereign or investment fund clients, any breach, or even an alleged breach, of such obligations could have materially negative legal, regulatory and reputational consequences.
for information about the extensive regulation to which our businesses are subject, see "business - regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
our businesses have been and may be adversely affected by declining asset values. this is particularly true for those businesses in which we have net "long" positions, receive fees based on the value of assets managed, or receive or post collateral.
many of our businesses have net "long" positions in debt securities, loans, derivatives, mortgages, equities (including private equity and real estate) and most other asset classes. these include positions we take when we act as a principal to facilitate our clients' activities, including our exchange-based market-making activities, or commit large amounts of capital to maintain positions in interest rate and credit products, as well as through our currencies, commodities, equities and mortgage-related activities. in addition, we invest in similar asset classes. substantially all of our investing and market-making positions and a portion of our loans are marked-to-market on a daily basis and declines in asset values directly and immediately impact our earnings, unless we have effectively "hedged" our exposures to those declines.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries in certain circumstances (particularly in the case of credit products, including leveraged loans, and private equities or other securities that are not freely tradable or lack established and liquid trading markets), it may not be possible or economic to hedge our exposures and to the extent that we do so the hedge may be ineffective or may greatly reduce our ability to profit from increases in the values of the assets. sudden declines and significant volatility in the prices of assets have in the past and may in the future substantially curtail or eliminate the trading markets for certain assets, which may make it difficult to sell, hedge or value such assets. the inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces our ability to limit losses in such positions and the difficulty in valuing assets may negatively affect our capital, liquidity or leverage ratios, increase our funding costs and generally require us to maintain additional capital.
in our exchange-based market-making activities, we are obligated by stock exchange rules to maintain an orderly market, including by purchasing securities in a declining market. in markets where asset values are declining and in volatile markets, this results in losses and an increased need for liquidity.
we receive asset-based management fees based on the value of our clients' portfolios or investment in funds managed by us and, in some cases, we also receive incentive fees based on increases in the value of such investments. declines in asset values would ordinarily reduce the value of our clients' portfolios or fund assets, which in turn would ordinarily reduce the fees we earn for managing such assets.
we post collateral to support our obligations and receive collateral to support the obligations of our clients and counterparties in connection with our client execution businesses. when the value of the assets posted as collateral or the credit ratings of the party posting collateral decline, the party posting the collateral may need to provide additional collateral or, if possible, reduce its trading position. an example of such a situation is a "margin call" in connection with a brokerage account. therefore, declines in the value of asset classes used as collateral mean that either the cost of funding positions is increased or the size of positions is decreased. if we are the party providing collateral, this can increase our costs and reduce our profitability and if we are the party receiving collateral, this can also reduce our profitability by reducing the level of business done with our clients and counterparties.
in addition, volatile or less liquid markets increase the difficulty of valuing assets, which can lead to costly and time-consuming disputes over asset values and the level of required collateral, as well as increased credit risk to the recipient of the collateral due to delays in receiving adequate collateral. in cases where we foreclose on collateral, sudden declines in the value or liquidity of the collateral may, despite credit monitoring, over-collateralization, the ability to call for additional collateral or the ability to force repayment of the underlying obligation, result in significant losses to us, especially where there is a single type of collateral supporting the obligation. in addition, we have been, and may in the future be, subject to claims that the foreclosure was not permitted under the legal documents, was conducted in an improper manner or caused a client or counterparty to go out of business.
our businesses have been and may be adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit.
widening credit spreads, as well as significant declines in the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected our ability to borrow on a secured and unsecured basis and may do so in the future. we fund ourselves on an unsecured basis by issuing long-term debt, by accepting deposits at our bank subsidiaries, by issuing hybrid financial instruments or by obtaining loans or lines of credit from commercial or other banking entities. we seek to finance many of our assets on a secured basis. any disruptions in the credit markets may make it harder and more expensive to obtain funding for our businesses. if our available funding is limited or we are forced to fund our operations at a higher cost, these conditions may require us to curtail our business activities and increase our cost of funding, both of which could reduce our profitability, particularly in our businesses that involve investing, lending and market making.
our clients engaging in mergers, acquisitions and other types of strategic transactions often rely on access to the secured and unsecured credit markets to finance their transactions. a lack of available credit or an increased cost of credit can adversely affect the size, volume and timing of our clients' merger and acquisition transactions, particularly large transactions, and adversely affect our financial advisory and underwriting businesses.
our credit businesses have been and may in the future be negatively affected by a lack of liquidity in credit markets. a lack of liquidity reduces price transparency, increases price volatility and decreases transaction volumes and size, all of which can increase transaction risk or decrease the profitability of these businesses.
26   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries our market-making activities have been and may be affected by changes in the levels of market volatility.
certain of our market-making activities depend on market volatility to provide trading and arbitrage opportunities to our clients, and decreases in volatility have reduced and may in the future reduce these opportunities and the level of client activity associated with them and adversely affect the results of these activities. increased volatility, while it can increase trading volumes and spreads, also increases risk as measured by value-at-risk (var) and may expose us to increased risks in connection with our market-making activities or cause us to reduce our inventory in order to avoid increasing our var. limiting the size of our market-making positions can adversely affect our profitability. in periods when volatility is increasing, but asset values are declining significantly, it may not be possible to sell assets at all or it may only be possible to do so at steep discounts. in those circumstances we may be forced to either take on additional risk or to realize losses in order to decrease our var. in addition, increases in volatility increase the level of our rwas, which increases our capital requirements.
our investment banking, client execution, asset management and wealth management businesses have been adversely affected and may in the future be adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and ceos due to general declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical or market conditions.
our investment banking business has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by market conditions. poor economic conditions and other adverse geopolitical conditions may adversely affect and have in the past adversely affected investor and ceo confidence, resulting in significant industry-wide declines in the size and number of underwritings and of financial advisory transactions, which would likely have an adverse effect on our revenues and our profit margins. in particular, because a significant portion of our investment banking revenues is derived from our participation in large transactions, a decline in the number of large transactions has in the past and would in the future adversely affect our investment banking business.
in certain circumstances, market uncertainty or general declines in market or economic activity may affect our client execution businesses by decreasing levels of overall activity or by decreasing volatility, but at other times market uncertainty and even declining economic activity may result in higher trading volumes or higher spreads or both.
market uncertainty, volatility and adverse economic conditions, as well as declines in asset values, may cause our clients to transfer their assets out of our funds or other products or their brokerage accounts and result in reduced net revenues, principally in our asset management and wealth management businesses. even if clients do not withdraw their funds, they may invest them in products that generate less fee income.
our asset management and wealth management businesses may be affected by the poor investment performance of our investment products or a client preference for products other than those which we offer or for products that generate lower fees.
poor investment returns in our asset management and wealth management businesses, due to either general market conditions or underperformance (relative to our competitors or to benchmarks) by funds or accounts that we manage or investment products that we design or sell, affects our ability to retain existing assets and to attract new clients or additional assets from existing clients. this could affect the management and incentive fees that we earn on assets under supervision or the commissions and net spreads that we earn for selling other investment products, such as structured notes or derivatives. to the extent that our clients choose to invest in products that we do not currently offer, we will suffer outflows and a loss of management fees. further, if, due to changes in investor sentiment or the relative performance of certain asset classes or otherwise, clients invest in products that generate lower fees (e.g., passively managed or fixed income products), our asset management and wealth management businesses could be adversely affected.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries we may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies.
we seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. while we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. thus, in the course of our activities, we have incurred and may in the future incur losses. market conditions in recent years have involved unprecedented dislocations and highlight the limitations inherent in using historical data to manage risk.
the models that we use to assess and control our risk exposures reflect assumptions about the degrees of correlation or lack thereof among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators. in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, or conversely previously correlated indicators may move in different directions. these types of market movements have at times limited the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and have caused us to incur significant losses, and they may do so in the future. these changes in correlation have been and may in the future be exacerbated where other market participants are using risk or trading models with assumptions or algorithms that are similar to ours. in these and other cases, it may be difficult to reduce our risk positions due to the activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations, including circumstances where asset values are declining significantly or no market exists for certain assets.
in addition, the use of models in connection with risk management and numerous other critical activities presents risks that such models may be ineffective, either because of poor design, ineffective testing, or improper or flawed inputs, as well as unpermitted access to such models resulting in unapproved or malicious changes to the model or its inputs.
to the extent that we have positions through our market-making or origination activities or we make investments directly through our investing activities, including private equity, that do not have an established liquid trading market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and therefore reduce our risk associated with those positions. in addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation, we invest our own capital in private equity, credit, real estate and hedge funds that we manage and limitations on our ability to withdraw some or all of our investments in these funds, whether for legal, reputational or other reasons, may make it more difficult for us to control the risk exposures relating to these investments.
prudent risk management, as well as regulatory restrictions, may cause us to limit our exposure to counterparties, geographic areas or markets, which may limit our business opportunities and increase the cost of our funding or hedging activities.
as we have expanded and intend to continue to expand the product and geographic scope of our offerings of credit products to consumers, we are presented with different credit risks and must expand and adapt our credit risk monitoring and mitigation activities to account for these business activities. a failure to adequately assess and control such risk exposures could result in losses to us.
for further information about our risk management policies and procedures, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management" in part ii, item 7 of this form 10-k.
our liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets or by a reduction in our credit ratings or by an increase in our credit spreads.
liquidity is essential to our businesses. it is of critical importance to us, as most of the failures of financial institutions have occurred in large part due to insufficient liquidity. our liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability to access funds from our subsidiaries or otherwise allocate liquidity optimally, an inability to sell assets or redeem our investments, or unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral. this situation may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties or us, or even by the perception among market participants that we, or other market participants, are experiencing greater liquidity risk.
28   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries we employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. the financial instruments that we hold and the contracts to which we are a party are often complex, and these complex structured products often do not have readily available markets to access in times of liquidity stress. our investing and financing activities may lead to situations where the holdings from these activities represent a significant portion of specific markets, which could restrict liquidity for our positions.
further, our ability to sell assets may be impaired if there is not generally a liquid market for such assets, as well as in circumstances where other market participants are seeking to sell similar otherwise generally liquid assets at the same time, as is likely to occur in a liquidity or other market crisis or in response to changes to rules or regulations. in addition, financial institutions with which we interact may exercise set-off rights or the right to require additional collateral, including in difficult market conditions, which could further impair our liquidity.
our credit ratings are important to our liquidity. a reduction in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets or trigger our obligations under certain provisions in some of our trading and collateralized financing contracts. under these provisions, counterparties could be permitted to terminate contracts with us or require us to post additional collateral. termination of our trading and collateralized financing contracts could cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements.
as of december 2019, our counterparties could have called for additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements in an aggregate amount of $358 million in the event of a one-notch downgrade of our credit ratings and $1.27 billion in the event of a two-notch downgrade of our credit ratings. a downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency's relative ratings of us at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable to the impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies. for further information about our credit ratings, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management - liquidity risk management - credit ratings" in part ii, item 7 of this form 10-k.
our cost of obtaining long-term unsecured funding is directly related to our credit spreads (the amount in excess of the interest rate of benchmark securities that we need to pay). increases in our credit spreads can significantly increase our cost of this funding. changes in credit spreads are continuous, market-driven, and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile movements. our credit spreads are also influenced by market perceptions of our creditworthiness and movements in the costs to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to our long-term debt. the market for credit default swaps has proven to be extremely volatile and at times has lacked a high degree of transparency or liquidity.
regulatory changes relating to liquidity may also negatively impact our results of operations and competitive position. numerous regulations have been adopted or proposed to introduce more stringent liquidity requirements for large financial institutions. these regulations address, among other matters, liquidity stress testing, minimum liquidity requirements, wholesale funding, limitations on the issuance of short-term debt and structured notes and prohibitions on parent guarantees that are subject to certain cross-defaults. new and prospective liquidity-related regulations may overlap with, and be impacted by, other regulatory changes, including rules relating to minimum long-term debt requirements and tlac, guidance on the treatment of brokered deposits and the capital, leverage and resolution and recovery frameworks applicable to large financial institutions. given the overlap and complex interactions among these new and prospective regulations, they may have unintended cumulative effects, and their full impact will remain uncertain, while regulatory reforms are being adopted and market practices develop.
we face enhanced risks as new business initiatives and acquisitions lead us to engage in new activities, transact with a broader array of clients and counterparties and expose us to new asset classes and new markets.
a number of our recent and planned business initiatives and expansions of existing businesses, including through acquisitions, may bring us into contact, directly or indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base, expose us to new asset classes and new markets, and present us with integration challenges. for example, we continue to transact business and invest in new regions, including a wide range of emerging and growth markets. furthermore, in a number of our businesses, including where we make markets, invest and lend, we own interests in, or otherwise become affiliated with the ownership and operation of, public services, such as airports, toll roads and shipping ports, as well as physical commodities and commodities infrastructure components, both within and outside the u.s.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries we have increased and intend to further increase our consumer-oriented deposit-taking and lending activities. for example, during 2019, we started to issue credit cards to consumers. to the extent we engage in those and other consumer-oriented activities, we have faced, and would continue to face, additional compliance, legal and regulatory risk, increased reputational risk and increased operational risk due to, among other things, higher transaction volumes and significantly increased retention and transmission of consumer and client information. we are also subject to additional legal requirements, including with respect to suitability and consumer protection (for example, regulation best interest, fair lending laws and regulations and privacy laws and regulations). further, identity fraud may increase and credit reporting practices may change in a manner that makes it more difficult for financial institutions, such as us, to evaluate the creditworthiness of consumers.
we have increased and intend to further increase our transaction banking activities. as a result, we expect to face additional compliance, legal and regulatory risk, including with respect to know-your-customer, anti-money laundering and reporting requirements and prohibitions on transfers of property belonging to countries, entities and individuals subject to sanctions by u.s. or other governmental authorities.
new business initiatives expose us to new and enhanced risks, including risks associated with dealing with governmental entities, reputational concerns arising from dealing with different types of clients, counterparties and investors, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities, increased credit-related, market, sovereign and operational risks, risks arising from accidents or acts of terrorism, and reputational concerns with the manner in which certain assets are being operated or held or in which we interact with these counterparties. legal, regulatory and reputational risks may also exist in connection with activities and transactions involving new products or markets where there is regulatory uncertainty or where there are different or conflicting regulations depending on the regulator or the jurisdiction involved, particularly where transactions in such products may involve multiple jurisdictions.
we have developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, and expect to continue to do so. if and to the extent we are unable to successfully execute those initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. in addition, the actual effects of pursuing those initiatives may differ, possibly materially, from the benefits that we expect to realize from them, such as generating additional revenues, achieving expense savings, reducing operational risk exposures or using capital and funding more efficiently. engaging in new activities exposes us to a variety of risks, including that we may be unable to successfully develop new, competitive, efficient and effective systems and processes, and hire and retain the necessary personnel. due to our lack of historical experience with unsecured retail lending, our loan loss assumptions may prove to be incorrect and we may incur losses significantly above those which we originally anticipated in entering the business.
in recent years, we have invested, and may continue to invest, more in businesses that we expect will generate a higher level of more consistent revenues. in order to develop and be able to offer consumer financial products that compete effectively, we have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in technology and human capital resources in connection with our consumer-oriented activities. such investments may not be successful or have returns similar to our other businesses.
our operating expenses and efficiency ratio depend, in part, on our overall headcount and the proportion of our employees that are located in strategic locations. our future human capital resource requirements and the benefits provided by strategic locations are uncertain, and we may not realize the benefits we anticipate.
a failure in our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, as well as human error, malfeasance or other misconduct, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses.
our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. these transactions, as well as the information technology services we provide to clients, often must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards.
30   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries many rules and regulations worldwide govern our obligations to execute transactions and report such transactions and other information to regulators, exchanges and investors. compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and we have been, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to follow these rules or to report timely, accurate and complete information in accordance with these rules. as such requirements expand, compliance with these rules and regulations has become more challenging.
as our client base, including through our consumer businesses, and our geographical reach expand and the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic transactions (as well as the requirements to report such transactions on a real-time basis to clients, regulators and exchanges) increase, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure becomes more challenging, and the risk of systems or human error in connection with such transactions increases, as well as the potential consequences of such errors due to the speed and volume of transactions involved and the potential difficulty associated with discovering errors quickly enough to limit the resulting consequences. as with other similarly situated institutions, we utilize credit underwriting models in connection with our businesses, including our consumer-oriented activities. allegations, whether or not accurate, that the ultimate underwriting decisions do not treat consumers or clients fairly, or comply with the applicable law or regulation, can result in negative publicity, reputational damage and governmental and regulatory scrutiny.
our financial, accounting, data processing or other operational systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as a spike in transaction volume, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. we must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to pursue our objective of ensuring that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. enhancements and updates to systems, as well as the requisite training, including in connection with the integration of new businesses, entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones.
the use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. computers and computer networks are subject to various risks, including, among others, cyber attacks, inherent technological defects, system failures and errors by human operators. for example, fundamental security flaws in computer chips found in many types of these computing devices and phones have been reported in the past and may be discovered in the future. cloud technologies are also critical to the operation of our systems and platforms and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing. service disruptions may lead to delays in accessing, or the loss of, data that is important to our businesses and may hinder our clients' access to our platforms. addressing these and similar issues could be costly and affect the performance of these businesses and systems. operational risks may be incurred in applying fixes and there may still be residual security risks.
additionally, although the prevalence and scope of applications of distributed ledger technology and similar technologies is growing, the technology is also nascent and may be vulnerable to cyber attacks or have other inherent weaknesses. we may be, or may become, exposed to risks related to distributed ledger technology through our facilitation of clients' activities involving financial products linked to distributed ledger technology, such as blockchain or cryptocurrencies, our investments in companies that seek to develop platforms based on distributed ledger technology, and the use of distributed ledger technology by third-party vendors, clients, counterparties, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries.
notwithstanding the proliferation of technology and technology-based risk and control systems, our businesses ultimately rely on people as our greatest resource, and, from time to time, they make mistakes or engage in violations of applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures that are not always caught immediately by our technological processes or by our controls and other procedures, which are intended to prevent and detect such errors or violations. these can include calculation errors, mistakes in addressing emails, errors in software or model development or implementation, or simple errors in judgment, as well as intentional efforts to ignore or circumvent applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures. human errors, malfeasance and other misconduct, including the intentional misuse of client information in connection with insider trading or for other purposes, even if promptly discovered and remediated, can result in reputational damage and material losses and liabilities for us.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries in addition, we face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions, and as our interconnectivity with our clients grows, we increasingly face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay with respect to our clients' systems.
there has been significant consolidation among clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses and an increasing number of derivative transactions are now or in the near future will be cleared on exchanges, which has increased our exposure to operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or capacity constraints of the particular financial intermediaries that we use and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives in the event of any such failure, delay, termination or constraint. industry consolidation, whether among market participants or financial intermediaries, increases the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay as disparate complex systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis.
the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, and the increased centrality of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. any such failure, termination or constraint could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our businesses or result in financial loss or liability to our clients, impairment of our liquidity, disruption of our businesses, regulatory intervention or reputational damage.
despite our resiliency plans and facilities, our ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities where we are located. this may include a disruption involving electrical, satellite, undersea cable or other communications, internet, transportation or other facilities used by us, our employees or third parties with which we conduct business, including cloud service providers. these disruptions may occur as a result of events that affect only our buildings or systems or those of such third parties, or as a result of events with a broader impact globally, regionally or in the cities where those buildings or systems are located, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, war, civil unrest, terrorism, economic or political developments, pandemics and weather events.
in addition, although we seek to diversify our third-party vendors to increase our resiliency, we are also exposed to the risk that a disruption or other information technology event at a common service provider to our vendors could impede their ability to provide products or services to us. we may not be able to effectively monitor or mitigate operational risks relating to our vendors' use of common service providers.
nearly all of our employees in our primary locations, including the new york metropolitan area, london, bengaluru, hong kong, tokyo and salt lake city, work in close proximity to one another, in one or more buildings. notwithstanding our efforts to maintain business continuity, given that our headquarters and the largest concentration of our employees are in the new york metropolitan area, and our two principal office buildings in the new york area both are located on the waterfront of the hudson river, depending on the intensity and longevity of the event, a catastrophic event impacting our new york metropolitan area offices, including a terrorist attack, extreme weather event or other hostile or catastrophic event, could negatively affect our business. if a disruption occurs in one location and our employees in that location are unable to occupy our offices or communicate with or travel to other locations, our ability to service and interact with our clients may suffer, and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on communication or travel.
a failure to protect our computer systems, networks and information, and our clients' information, against cyber attacks and similar threats could impair our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses.
our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and those of our vendors. there have been a number of highly publicized cases involving financial services companies, consumer-based companies, governmental agencies and other organizations reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client, customer or other confidential information in recent years, as well as cyber attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties, including actions by foreign governments. there have also been several highly publicized cases where hackers have requested "ransom" payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information or for restoring access to information or systems.
32   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries we are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect the integrity and functionality of our technology infrastructure and access to and the security of our data. we may face an increasing number of attempted cyber attacks as we expand our mobile- and other internet-based products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies, and as we provide more of these services to a greater number of individual consumers. the increasing migration of our communication from devices we provide to employee-owned devices presents additional risks of cyber attacks. in addition, due to our interconnectivity with third-party vendors (and their respective service providers), central agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, we could be adversely impacted if any of them is subject to a successful cyber attack or other information security event. these impacts could include the loss of access to information or services from the third party subject to the cyber attack or other information security event, which could, in turn, interrupt certain of our businesses.
despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect or implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats, especially because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. cyber attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including third parties who are affiliated with or sponsored by foreign governments or are involved with organized crime or terrorist organizations. third parties may also attempt to place individuals in our offices or induce employees, clients or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data or that of our clients, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent.
although we take protective measures proactively and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber attacks on our vendors and other events that could have a security impact. due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems, the process of enhancing our protective measures can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues. in addition, protective measures that we employ to compartmentalize our data may reduce our visibility into, and adversely affect our ability to respond to, cyber threats and issues with our systems.
if one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize our or our clients' or counterparties' confidential and other information processed, stored in, or transmitted through our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or those of our clients, counterparties or third parties, which could impact their ability to transact with us or otherwise result in legal or regulatory action, significant losses or reputational damage. in addition, such an event could persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and, following detection, it could take considerable time for us to obtain full and reliable information about the extent, amount and type of information compromised. during the course of an investigation, we may not know the full impact of the event and how to remediate it, and actions, decisions and mistakes that are taken or made may further increase the negative effects of the event on our business, results of operations and reputation.
we have expended, and expect to continue to expend, significant resources on an ongoing basis to modify our protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, but these measures may be ineffective and we may be subject to legal or regulatory action, as well as financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us.
our clients' confidential information may also be at risk from the compromise of clients' personal electronic devices or as a result of a data security breach at an unrelated company. losses due to unauthorized account activity could harm our reputation and may have adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the increased use of mobile and cloud technologies can heighten these and other operational risks. certain aspects of the security of such technologies are unpredictable or beyond our control, and the failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber attacks could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of confidential and other information. in addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures, despite their sophistication, may be defeated, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies vastly increase the speed and computing power available.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries we routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. we have discussed and worked with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber attacks, but we do not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with all of our clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties and we may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information. an interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty or other third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm.
our businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by brexit.
on january 31, 2020, the u.k. left the e.u. as discussed in "business - regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k we expect considerable change in the regulatory framework that will govern transactions and business undertaken by our u.k. subsidiaries in the e.u. as a result, we face numerous risks that could adversely affect how we conduct our businesses or our profitability and liquidity.
our principal subsidiaries operating in the e.u., gsi, gsib and gsami, are incorporated and headquartered in the u.k. they all currently benefit from non-discriminatory  access to e.u. clients and infrastructure based on e.u. treaties and e.u. legislation, including arrangements for cross-border "passporting" and the establishment of e.u. branches. the e.u and the u.k. parliament have ratified the withdrawal agreement, which provides for a transition period for the u.k. and e.u. to negotiate and agree to a framework for their future relationship. the transition period is currently scheduled to end on december 31, 2020 and the relationship between the u.k and e.u. beyond that date is uncertain. at the end of the transition period, firms based in the u.k. are expected to lose their existing access arrangements to the e.u. markets.
as necessary, our german bank subsidiary, gsbe, will act as our main operating subsidiary in the e.u. and will assume certain functions that can no longer be efficiently and effectively performed by our u.k. operating subsidiaries, including gsi, gsib and gsami. implementing this strategy could materially adversely affect the manner in which we operate certain businesses in europe, require us to restructure certain of our operations and expose us to higher operational, regulatory and compliance costs, higher taxes, higher subsidiary-level capital and liquidity requirements, additional restrictions on intercompany transactions, and new restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to share personal data, including client data, all of which could adversely affect our liquidity and profitability.
we have strengthened the capabilities of our operating subsidiaries in the remaining e.u. countries, particularly gsbe. depending on the terms of the future relationship between the u.k. and e.u., brexit could necessitate a rapid and significant expansion in the scope of gsbe's activities, as well as its headcount, balance sheet, and capital and funding needs. although we have invested significant resources to plan for and address brexit, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our strategy. in addition, even if we are able to successfully execute our strategy, we face the risk that brexit could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our e.u operations compared to some of our competitors who have more extensive pre-existing operations in the e.u. outside of the u.k.
in addition, brexit has created an uncertain political and economic environment in the u.k., and may create such environments in current e.u. member states. political and economic uncertainty has in the past led to, and the impact of brexit could lead to, declines in market liquidity and activity levels, volatile market conditions, a contraction of available credit, changes in interest rates or exchange rates, weaker economic growth and reduced business confidence all of which could adversely impact our business.
our businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults by, third parties who owe us money, securities or other assets or whose securities or obligations we hold.
we are exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will not perform their obligations. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. a failure of a significant market participant, or even concerns about a default by such an institution, could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect us.
34   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries we are also subject to the risk that our rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all circumstances. in addition, deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose securities or obligations we hold, including a deterioration in the value of collateral posted by third parties to secure their obligations to us under derivative contracts and loan agreements, could result in losses and/or adversely affect our ability to rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes.
a significant downgrade in the credit ratings of our counterparties could also have a negative impact on our results. while in many cases we are permitted to require additional collateral from counterparties that experience financial difficulty, disputes may arise as to the amount of collateral we are entitled to receive and the value of pledged assets. the termination of contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject us to claims for the improper exercise of our rights. default rates, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral typically increase significantly in times of market stress, increased volatility and illiquidity.
as part of our clearing and prime brokerage activities, we finance our clients' positions, and we could be held responsible for the defaults or misconduct of our clients. although we regularly review credit exposures to specific clients and counterparties and to specific industries, countries and regions that we believe may present credit concerns, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee.
concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and financing activities.
concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and financing activities. the number and size of these transactions has affected and may in the future affect our results of operations in a given period. moreover, because of concentration of risk, we may suffer losses even when economic and market conditions are generally favorable for our competitors. disruptions in the credit markets can make it difficult to hedge these credit exposures effectively or economically. in addition, we extend large commitments as part of our credit origination activities.
rules adopted under the dodd-frank act, and similar rules adopted in other jurisdictions, require issuers of certain asset-backed securities and any person who organizes and initiates certain asset-backed securities transactions to retain economic exposure to the asset, which has affected the cost of and structures used in connection with these securitization activities. our inability to reduce our credit risk by selling, syndicating or securitizing these positions, including during periods of market stress, could negatively affect our results of operations due to a decrease in the fair value of the positions, including due to the insolvency or bankruptcy of the borrower, as well as the loss of revenues associated with selling such securities or loans.
in the ordinary course of business, we may be subject to a concentration of credit risk to a particular counterparty, borrower, issuer (including sovereign issuers) or geographic area or group of related countries, such as the e.u., and a failure or downgrade of, or default by, such entity could negatively impact our businesses, perhaps materially, and the systems by which we set limits and monitor the level of our credit exposure to individual entities, industries, countries and regions may not function as we have anticipated. regulatory reform, including the dodd-frank act, has led to increased centralization of trading activity through particular clearing houses, central agents or exchanges, which has significantly increased our concentration of risk with respect to these entities. while our activities expose us to many different industries, counterparties and countries, we routinely execute a high volume of transactions with counterparties engaged in financial services activities, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, clearing houses, exchanges and investment funds. this has resulted in significant credit concentration with respect to these counterparties.
the financial services industry is both highly competitive and interrelated.
the financial services industry and all of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. we compete on the basis of a number of factors, including transaction execution, our products and services, innovation, reputation, creditworthiness and price. there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry. this has hastened the globalization of the securities and other financial services markets. as a result, we have had to commit capital to support our international operations and to execute large global transactions. to the extent we expand into new business areas and new geographic regions, we will face competitors with more experience and more established relationships with clients, regulators and industry participants in the relevant market, which could adversely affect our ability to expand.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries governments and regulators have recently adopted regulations, imposed taxes, adopted compensation restrictions or otherwise put forward various proposals that have impacted or may impact our ability to conduct certain of our businesses in a cost-effective manner or at all in certain or all jurisdictions, including proposals relating to restrictions on the type of activities in which financial institutions are permitted to engage. these or other similar rules, many of which do not apply to all our u.s. or non-u.s.  competitors, could impact our ability to compete effectively.
pricing and other competitive pressures in our businesses have continued to increase, particularly in situations where some of our competitors may seek to increase market share by reducing prices. for example, in connection with investment banking and other assignments, in response to competitive pressure we have experienced, we have extended and priced credit at levels that may not always fully compensate us for the risks we take.
the financial services industry is highly interrelated in that a significant volume of transactions occur among a limited number of members of that industry. many transactions are syndicated to other financial institutions and financial institutions are often counterparties in transactions. this has led to claims by other market participants and regulators that such institutions have colluded in order to manipulate markets or market prices, including allegations that antitrust laws have been violated. while we have extensive procedures and controls that are designed to identify and prevent such activities, allegations of such activities, particularly by regulators, can have a negative reputational impact and can subject us to large fines and settlements, and potentially significant penalties, including treble damages.
a failure to appropriately identify and address potential conflicts of interest could adversely affect our businesses.
due to the broad scope of our businesses and our client base, we regularly address potential conflicts of interest, including situations where our services to a particular client or our own investments or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of that client or another client, as well as situations where one or more of our businesses have access to material non-public information that may not be shared with our other businesses and situations where we may be a creditor of an entity with which we also have an advisory or other relationship.
in addition, our status as a bhc subjects us to heightened regulation and increased regulatory scrutiny by the frb with respect to transactions between gs bank usa and entities that are or could be viewed as affiliates of ours and, under the volcker rule, transactions between us and covered funds.
we have extensive procedures and controls that are designed to identify and address conflicts of interest, including those designed to prevent the improper sharing of information among our businesses. however, appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and our reputation, which is one of our most important assets, could be damaged and the willingness of clients to enter into transactions with us may be affected if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. in addition, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. additionally, our one goldman sachs initiative aims to increase collaboration among our businesses, which may increase the potential for actual or perceived conflicts of interest and improper information sharing.
our results have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the composition of our client base.
our client base is not the same as that of our major competitors. our businesses may have a higher or lower percentage of clients in certain industries or markets than some or all of our competitors. therefore, unfavorable industry developments or market conditions affecting certain industries or markets have resulted in the past and may result in the future in our businesses underperforming relative to similar businesses of a competitor if our businesses have a higher concentration of clients in such industries or markets. for example, our market-making businesses have a higher percentage of clients with actively managed assets than our competitors and such clients have in the past and may in the future be disproportionately affected by low volatility.
correspondingly, favorable or simply less adverse developments or market conditions involving industries or markets in a business where we have a lower concentration of clients in such industry or market have also resulted in the past and may result in the future in our underperforming relative to a similar business of a competitor that has a higher concentration of clients in such industry or market. for example, we have a smaller corporate client base in our market-making businesses than many of our peers and therefore those competitors may benefit more from increased activity by corporate clients.
36   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries derivative transactions and delayed settlements may expose us to unexpected risk and potential losses.
we are party to a large number of derivative transactions, including credit derivatives. many of these derivative instruments are individually negotiated and non-standardized, which can make exiting, transferring or settling positions difficult. many credit derivatives require that we deliver to the counterparty the underlying security, loan or other obligation in order to receive payment. in a number of cases, we do not hold the underlying security, loan or other obligation and may not be able to obtain the underlying security, loan or other obligation. this could cause us to forfeit the payments due to us under these contracts or result in settlement delays with the attendant credit and operational risk, as well as increased costs to us.
derivative transactions may also involve the risk that documentation has not been properly executed, that executed agreements may not be enforceable against the counterparty, or that obligations under such agreements may not be able to be "netted" against other obligations with such counterparty. in addition, counterparties may claim that such transactions were not appropriate or authorized.
as a signatory to the isda universal protocol or u.s. isda protocol (isda protocols) and being subject to the frb's and fdic's rules on qfcs and similar rules in other jurisdictions, we may not be able to exercise remedies against counterparties and, as this new regime has not yet been tested, we may suffer risks or losses that we would not have expected to suffer if we could immediately close out transactions upon a termination event. various non-u.s.  regulators have also proposed regulations contemplated by the isda universal protocol, and those implementing regulations may result in additional limitations on our ability to exercise remedies against counterparties. the isda protocols and these rules and regulations extend to repurchase agreements and other instruments that are not derivative contracts, and their impact will depend on the development of market practices and structures.
derivative contracts and other transactions, including secondary bank loan purchases and sales, entered into with third parties are not always confirmed by the counterparties or settled on a timely basis. while the transaction remains unconfirmed or during any delay in settlement, we are subject to heightened credit and operational risk and in the event of a default may find it more difficult to enforce our rights.
in addition, as new complex derivative products are created, covering a wider array of underlying credit and other instruments, disputes about the terms of the underlying contracts could arise, which could impair our ability to effectively manage our risk exposures from these products and subject us to increased costs. the provisions of the dodd-frank act requiring central clearing of credit derivatives and other otc derivatives, or a market shift toward standardized derivatives, could reduce the risk associated with these transactions, but under certain circumstances could also limit our ability to develop derivatives that best suit the needs of our clients and to hedge our own risks, and could adversely affect our profitability and increase our credit exposure to central clearing platforms.
certain of our businesses, our funding and financial products may be adversely affected by changes in or the discontinuance of interbank offered rates (ibors), in particular libor.
the fca, which regulates libor, has announced that it will not compel panel banks to contribute to libor after 2021. it is likely that banks will not continue to provide submissions for the calculation of libor after 2021 and possibly prior to then. similarly, it is not possible to know whether libor will continue to be viewed as an acceptable market benchmark, what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor, or what the effect of any such changes in views or alternatives may have on the financial markets for libor-linked financial instruments. similar statements have been made with respect to other ibors.
uncertainty regarding ibors and the taking of discretionary actions or negotiation of fallback provisions could result in pricing volatility, loss of market share in certain products, adverse tax or accounting impacts, compliance, legal and operational costs and risks associated with client disclosures, as well as systems disruption, model disruption and other business continuity issues. in addition, uncertainty relating to ibors could result in increased capital requirements for us given potential low transaction volumes, a lack of liquidity or limited observability for exposures linked to ibors or any emerging successor rates and operational incidents associated with changes in and the discontinuance of ibors.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries the language in our contracts and financial instruments that define ibors, in particular libor, have developed over time and have various events that trigger when a successor rate to the designated rate would be selected. if a trigger is satisfied, contracts and financial instruments often give the calculation agent (which may be us) discretion over the successor rate or benchmark to be selected. as a result, there is considerable uncertainty as to how the financial services industry will address the discontinuance of designated rates in contracts and financial instruments or such designated rates ceasing to be acceptable reference rates. this uncertainty could ultimately result in client disputes and litigation surrounding the proper interpretation of our ibor-based contracts and financial instruments.
further, the discontinuation of an ibor, changes in an ibor or changes in market acceptance of any ibor as a reference rate may also adversely affect the yield on loans or securities held by us, amounts paid on securities we have issued, amounts received and paid on derivative instruments we have entered into, the value of such loans, securities or derivative instruments, the trading market for securities, the terms of new loans being made using different or modified reference rates, our ability to effectively use derivative instruments to manage risk, or the availability or cost of our floating-rate funding and our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates.
certain of our businesses and our funding may be adversely affected by changes in other reference rates, currencies, indexes, baskets or etfs to which products we offer or funding that we raise are linked.
many of the products that we own or that we offer, such as structured notes, warrants, swaps or security-based swaps, pay interest or determine the principal amount to be paid at maturity or in the event of default by reference to rates or by reference to an index, currency, basket, etf or other financial metric (the underlier). in the event that the composition of the underlier is significantly changed, by reference to rules governing such underlier or otherwise, the underlier ceases to exist (for example, in the event that a country withdraws from the euro or links its currency to or delinks its currency from another currency or benchmark, or an index or etf sponsor materially alters the composition of an index or etf) or the underlier ceases to be recognized as an acceptable market benchmark, we may experience adverse effects consistent with those described above for ibors.
our businesses may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees.
our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled people; therefore, our continued ability to compete effectively in our businesses, to manage our businesses effectively and to expand into new businesses and geographic areas depends on our ability to attract new talented and diverse employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. factors that affect our ability to attract and retain such employees include the level and composition of our compensation and benefits, and our reputation as a successful business with a culture of fairly hiring, training and promoting qualified employees. as a significant portion of the compensation that we pay to our employees is in the form of year-end discretionary compensation, a significant portion of which is in the form of deferred equity-related awards, declines in our profitability, or in the outlook for our future profitability, as well as regulatory limitations on compensation levels and terms, can negatively impact our ability to hire and retain highly qualified employees.
competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry, including the technology industry, for qualified employees has often been intense. we have experienced increased competition in hiring and retaining employees to address the demands of new regulatory requirements, expanding consumer-oriented businesses and our technology initiatives. this is also the case in emerging and growth markets, where we are often competing for qualified employees with entities that have a significantly greater presence or more extensive experience in the region.
changes in law or regulation in jurisdictions in which our operations are located that affect taxes on our employees' income, or the amount or composition of compensation, may also adversely affect our ability to hire and retain qualified employees in those jurisdictions.
as described further in "business - regulation -compensation practices" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k, our compensation practices are subject to review by, and the standards of, the frb. as a large global financial and banking institution, we are subject to limitations on compensation practices (which may or may not affect our competitors) by the frb, the pra, the fca, the fdic and other regulators worldwide. these limitations, including any imposed by or as a result of future legislation or regulation, may require us to alter our compensation practices in ways that could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain talented employees.
governmental scrutiny from regulators, legislative bodies and law enforcement agencies with respect to matters relating to compensation, our business practices, our past actions and other matters has increased dramatically in the past several years. the financial crisis and the current political and public sentiment regarding financial institutions has resulted in a significant amount of adverse press coverage, as well as adverse statements or charges by regulators or other government officials. press coverage and other public statements that assert some form of wrongdoing (including, in some cases, press coverage and public statements that do not directly involve us) often result in some type of investigation by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in lawsuits.
responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceeding, is time-consuming and expensive and can divert the time and effort of our senior management from our business. penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased substantially over the last several years, and certain regulators have been more likely in recent years to commence enforcement actions or to advance or support legislation targeted at the financial services industry. adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny and legal and enforcement proceedings can also have a negative impact on our reputation and on the morale and performance of our employees, which could adversely affect our businesses and results of operations.
the financial services industry generally and our businesses in particular have been subject to negative publicity. our reputation and businesses may be adversely affected by negative publicity or information regarding our businesses and personnel, whether or not accurate or true, that may be posted on social media or other internet forums or published by news organizations. the speed and pervasiveness with which information can be disseminated through these channels, in particular social media, may magnify risks relating to negative publicity.
substantial civil or criminal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects.
we face significant legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. see notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for information about certain legal and regulatory proceedings and investigations in which we are involved. our experience has been that legal claims by consumers and clients increase in a market downturn and that employment-related claims increase following periods in which we have reduced our headcount. additionally, governmental entities have been and are plaintiffs in certain of the legal proceedings in which we are involved, and we may face future civil or criminal actions or claims by the same or other governmental entities, as well as follow-on  civil litigation that is often commenced after regulatory settlements.
significant settlements by several large financial institutions, including, in some cases, us, with governmental entities have been publicly announced. the trend of large settlements with governmental entities may adversely affect the outcomes for other financial institutions in similar actions, especially where governmental officials have announced that the large settlements will be used as the basis or a template for other settlements. the uncertain regulatory enforcement environment makes it difficult to estimate probable losses, which can lead to substantial disparities between legal reserves and subsequent actual settlements or penalties.
claims of collusion or anti-competitive conduct have become more common. civil cases have been brought against financial institutions (including us) alleging bid rigging, group boycotts or other anti-competitive practices. antitrust laws generally provide for joint and several liability and treble damages. these claims have resulted in significant settlements in the past and may do so in the future.
we are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, including the fcpa and the u.k. bribery act, relating to corrupt and illegal payments to, and hiring practices with regard to, government officials and others. violation of these or similar laws and regulations could result in significant monetary penalties, severe restrictions on our activities and damage to our reputation.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries certain law enforcement authorities have recently required admissions of wrongdoing, and, in some cases, criminal pleas, as part of the resolutions of matters brought against financial institutions or their employees. any such resolution of a criminal matter involving us or our employees could lead to increased exposure to civil litigation, could adversely affect our reputation, could result in penalties or limitations on our ability to conduct our activities generally or in certain circumstances and could have other negative effects.
group inc. is a holding company and is dependent for liquidity on payments from its subsidiaries, many of which are subject to restrictions.
group inc. is a holding company and, therefore, depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividend payments and to fund all payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. many of our subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to group inc.
in addition, our broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements, as well as restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage or bank accounts to fund their businesses. additional restrictions on related-party transactions, increased capital and liquidity requirements and additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit in bank or brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the amount of funds available to meet the obligations of group inc., including under the frb's source of strength requirement, and even require group inc. to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. restrictions or regulatory action of that kind could impede access to funds that group inc. needs to make payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, or dividend payments. in addition, group inc.'s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors.
there has been a trend towards increased regulation and supervision of our subsidiaries by the governments and regulators in the countries in which those subsidiaries are located or do business. concerns about protecting clients and creditors of financial institutions that are controlled by persons or entities located outside of the country in which such entities are located or do business have caused or may cause a number of governments and regulators to take additional steps to "ring fence" or require internal total loss-absorbing capacity (which may also be subject to "bail-in" powers, as described below) at those entities in order to protect clients and creditors of those entities in the event of financial difficulties involving those entities. the result has been and may continue to be additional limitations on our ability to efficiently move capital and liquidity among our affiliated entities, thereby increasing the overall level of capital and liquidity required by us on a consolidated basis.
furthermore, group inc. has guaranteed the payment obligations of certain of its subsidiaries, including gs&co. and gs bank usa, subject to certain exceptions. in addition, group inc. guarantees many of the obligations of its other consolidated subsidiaries on a transaction-by-transaction basis, as negotiated with counterparties. these guarantees may require group inc. to provide substantial funds or assets to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when group inc. is in need of liquidity to fund its own obligations.
the requirements for us and gs bank usa to develop and submit recovery and resolution plans to regulators, and the incorporation of feedback received from regulators, may require us to increase capital or liquidity levels or issue additional long-term debt at group inc. or particular subsidiaries or otherwise incur additional or duplicative operational or other costs at multiple entities, and may reduce our ability to provide group inc. guarantees of the obligations of our subsidiaries or raise debt at group inc. resolution planning may also impair our ability to structure our intercompany and external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most operationally efficient. furthermore, arrangements to facilitate our resolution planning may cause us to be subject to additional taxes. any such limitations or requirements would be in addition to the legal and regulatory restrictions described above on our ability to engage in capital actions or make intercompany dividends or payments.
see "business - regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k for further information about regulatory restrictions.
40   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries the application of regulatory strategies and requirements in the u.s. and non-u.s. jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions could create greater risk of loss for group inc.'s security holders.
as described in "business - regulation - banking supervision and regulation - insolvency of an idi or a bhc," if the fdic is appointed as receiver under ola, the rights of group inc.'s creditors would be determined under ola, and substantial differences exist in the rights of creditors between ola and the u.s. bankruptcy code, including the right of the fdic under ola to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims in some circumstances, which could have a material adverse effect on debtholders.
the fdic has announced that a single point of entry strategy may be a desirable strategy under ola to resolve a large financial institution in a manner that would, among other things, impose losses on shareholders, debtholders and other creditors of the top-tier bhc (in our case, group inc.), while the bhc's subsidiaries may continue to operate. it is possible that the application of the single point of entry strategy under ola, in which group inc. would be the only entity to enter resolution proceedings (and its material broker-dealer, bank and other operating entities would not enter resolution proceedings), would result in greater losses to group inc.'s security holders (including holders of our fixed rate, floating rate and indexed debt securities), than the losses that would result from the application of a bankruptcy proceeding or a different resolution strategy, such as a multiple point of entry resolution strategy for group inc. and certain of its material subsidiaries.
assuming group inc. entered resolution proceedings and that support from group inc. or other available resources to its subsidiaries was sufficient to enable the subsidiaries to remain solvent, losses at the subsidiary level would be transferred to group inc. and ultimately borne by group inc.'s security holders, third-party creditors of group inc.'s subsidiaries would receive full recoveries on their claims, and group inc.'s security holders (including our shareholders, debtholders and other unsecured creditors) could face significant and possibly complete losses. in that case, group inc.'s security holders would face losses while the third-party creditors of group inc.'s subsidiaries would incur no losses because the subsidiaries would continue to operate and would not enter resolution or bankruptcy proceedings. in addition, holders of group inc.'s eligible long-term debt and holders of group inc.'s other debt securities could face losses ahead of its other similarly situated creditors in a resolution under ola if the fdic exercised its right, described above, to disregard the priority of creditor claims.
ola also provides the fdic with authority to cause creditors and shareholders of the financial company in receivership to bear losses before taxpayers are exposed to such losses, and amounts owed to the u.s. government would generally receive a statutory payment priority over the claims of private creditors, including senior creditors.
in addition, under ola, claims of creditors (including debtholders) could be satisfied through the issuance of equity or other securities in a bridge entity to which group inc.'s assets are transferred. if such a securities-for-claims  exchange were implemented, there can be no assurance that the value of the securities of the bridge entity would be sufficient to repay or satisfy all or any part of the creditor claims for which the securities were exchanged. while the fdic has issued regulations to implement ola, not all aspects of how the fdic might exercise this authority are known and additional rulemaking is possible.
in addition, certain jurisdictions, including the u.k. and the e.u., have implemented, or are considering, changes to resolution regimes to provide resolution authorities with the ability to recapitalize a failing entity by writing down its unsecured debt or converting its unsecured debt into equity. such "bail-in" powers are intended to enable the recapitalization of a failing institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured debtholders. for example, the bank of england requires a certain amount of intercompany funding that we provide to our material u.k. subsidiaries to contain a contractual trigger to expressly permit the bank of england to exercise such "bail-in"  powers in certain circumstances. if the intercompany funding we provide to our subsidiaries is "bailed in," group inc.'s claims on its subsidiaries would be subordinated to the claims of the subsidiaries' third-party creditors or written down. u.s. regulators are considering and non-u.s. authorities have adopted requirements that certain subsidiaries of large financial institutions maintain minimum amounts of total loss-absorbing capacity that would pass losses up from the subsidiaries to the top-tier  bhc and, ultimately, to security holders of the top-tier  bhc in the event of failure.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries the application of group inc.'s proposed resolution strategy could result in greater losses for group inc.'s security holders.
in our resolution plan, group inc. would be resolved under the u.s. bankruptcy code. the strategy described in our resolution plan is a variant of the single point of entry strategy: group inc. and goldman sachs funding llc (funding ihc), a wholly-owned, direct subsidiary of group inc., would recapitalize and provide liquidity to certain major subsidiaries, including through the forgiveness of intercompany indebtedness, the extension of the maturities of intercompany indebtedness and the extension of additional intercompany loans. if this strategy were successful, creditors of some or all of group inc.'s major subsidiaries would receive full recoveries on their claims, while group inc.'s security holders could face significant and possibly complete losses.
to facilitate the execution of our resolution plan, we formed funding ihc. in exchange for an unsecured subordinated funding note and equity interest, group inc. transferred certain intercompany receivables and substantially all of its global core liquid assets (gcla) to funding ihc, and agreed to transfer additional gcla above prescribed thresholds.
we also put in place a capital and liquidity support agreement (clsa) among group inc., funding ihc and our major subsidiaries. under the clsa, funding ihc has provided group inc. with a committed line of credit that allows group inc. to draw sufficient funds to meet its cash needs during the ordinary course of business. in addition, if our financial resources deteriorate so severely that resolution may be imminent, (i) the committed line of credit will automatically terminate and the unsecured subordinated funding note will automatically be forgiven, (ii) all intercompany receivables owed by the major subsidiaries to group inc. will be transferred to funding ihc or their maturities will be extended to five years, (iii) group inc. will be obligated to transfer substantially all of its remaining intercompany receivables and gcla (other than an amount to fund anticipated bankruptcy expenses) to funding ihc, and (iv) funding ihc will be obligated to provide capital and liquidity support to the major subsidiaries. group inc.'s and funding ihc's obligations under the clsa are secured pursuant to a related security agreement. such actions would materially and adversely affect group inc.'s liquidity. as a result, during a period of severe stress, group inc. might commence bankruptcy proceedings at an earlier time than it otherwise would if the clsa and related security agreement had not been implemented.
if group inc.'s proposed resolution strategy were successful, group inc.'s security holders could face losses while the third-party creditors of group inc.'s major subsidiaries would incur no losses because those subsidiaries would continue to operate and not enter resolution or bankruptcy proceedings. as part of the strategy, group inc. could also seek to elevate the priority of its guarantee obligations relating to its major subsidiaries' derivative contracts or transfer them to another entity so that cross-default and early termination rights would be stayed under the isda protocols, as applicable, which would result in holders of group inc.'s eligible long-term debt and holders of group inc.'s other debt securities incurring losses ahead of the beneficiaries of those guarantee obligations. it is also possible that holders of group inc.'s eligible long-term debt and other debt securities could incur losses ahead of other similarly situated creditors.
if group inc.'s proposed resolution strategy were not successful, group inc.'s financial condition would be adversely impacted and group inc.'s security holders, including debtholders, may as a consequence be in a worse position than if the strategy had not been implemented. in all cases, any payments to debtholders are dependent on our ability to make such payments and are therefore subject to our credit risk.
as a result of our recovery and resolution planning processes, including incorporating feedback from our regulators, we may incur increased operational, funding or other costs and face limitations on our ability to structure our internal organization or engage in internal or external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most operationally efficient.
the growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new trading technology may adversely affect our business and may increase competition.
technology is fundamental to our business and our industry. the growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technologies is changing our businesses and presenting us with new challenges. securities, futures and options transactions are increasingly occurring electronically, both on our own systems and through other alternative trading systems, and it appears that the trend toward alternative trading systems will continue. some of these alternative trading systems compete with us, particularly our exchange-based market-making activities, and we may experience continued competitive pressures in these and other areas. in addition, the increased use by our clients of low-cost electronic trading systems and direct electronic access to trading markets could cause a reduction in commissions and spreads. as our clients increasingly use our systems to trade directly in the markets, we may incur liabilities as a result of their use of our order routing and execution infrastructure.
42   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries we have invested significant resources into the development of electronic trading systems and expect to continue to do so, but there is no assurance that the revenues generated by these systems will yield an adequate return on our investment, particularly given the generally lower commissions arising from electronic trades.
in conducting our businesses around the world, we are subject to political, economic, legal, operational and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries.
in conducting our businesses and maintaining and supporting our global operations, we are subject to risks of possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls and other restrictive governmental actions, as well as the outbreak of hostilities or acts of terrorism. for example, sanctions have been imposed by the u.s. and the e.u. on certain individuals and companies in russia and venezuela. in many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries and many of the transactions in which we are involved are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market. any determination by local regulators that we have not acted in compliance with the application of local laws in a particular market or our failure to develop effective working relationships with local regulators could have a significant and negative effect not only on our businesses in that market, but also on our reputation generally. further, in some jurisdictions a failure, or alleged failure, to comply with laws and regulations has subjected, and may in the future subject, us and our personnel not only to civil actions, but also criminal actions. we are also subject to the enhanced risk that transactions we structure might not be legally enforceable in all cases.
our businesses and operations are increasingly expanding throughout the world, including in emerging and growth markets, and we expect this trend to continue. various emerging and growth market countries have experienced severe economic and financial disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or threatened defaults on sovereign debt, capital and currency exchange controls, and low or negative growth rates in their economies, as well as military activity, civil unrest or acts of terrorism. the possible effects of any of these conditions include an adverse impact on our businesses and increased volatility in financial markets generally.
while business and other practices throughout the world differ, our principal entities are subject in their operations worldwide to rules and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments, hiring practices and money laundering, as well as laws relating to doing business with certain individuals, groups and countries, such as the fcpa, the usa patriot act and the u.k. bribery act. while we have invested and continue to invest significant resources in training and in compliance monitoring, the geographical diversity of our operations, employees, clients and consumers, as well as the vendors and other third parties that we deal with, greatly increases the risk that we may be found in violation of such rules or regulations and any such violation could subject us to significant penalties or adversely affect our reputation.
in addition, there have been a number of highly publicized cases around the world, involving actual or alleged fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years, and we have had, and may in the future have, employee misconduct. this misconduct has included and may also in the future include intentional efforts to ignore or circumvent applicable policies, rules or procedures or misappropriation of funds and the theft of proprietary information, including proprietary software. it is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity have not been and may not be effective in all cases. see for example, "1malaysia development berhad (1mdb)-related matters" in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation and involve certain potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs.
as part of our commodities business, we purchase and sell certain physical commodities, arrange for their storage and transport, and engage in market making of commodities. the commodities involved in these activities may include crude oil, refined oil products, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, electric power, agricultural products, metals (base and precious), minerals (including unenriched uranium), emission credits, coal, freight and related products and indices.
we make investments in and finance entities that engage in the production, storage and transportation of numerous commodities, including many of the commodities referenced above.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries these activities subject us and/or the entities in which we invest to extensive and evolving federal, state and local energy, environmental, antitrust and other governmental laws and regulations worldwide, including environmental laws and regulations relating to, among others, air quality, water quality, waste management, transportation of hazardous substances, natural resources, site remediation and health and safety. additionally, rising climate change concerns have led to additional regulation that could increase the operating costs and adversely affect the profitability of certain of our investments.
there may be substantial costs in complying with current or future laws and regulations relating to our commodities-related activities and investments. compliance with these laws and regulations could require significant commitments of capital toward environmental monitoring, renovation of storage facilities or transport vessels, payment of emission fees and carbon or other taxes, and application for, and holding of, permits and licenses.
commodities involved in our intermediation activities and investments are also subject to the risk of unforeseen or catastrophic events, which are likely to be outside of our control, including those arising from the breakdown or failure of transport vessels, storage facilities or other equipment or processes or other mechanical malfunctions, fires, leaks, spills or release of hazardous substances, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters or other hostile or catastrophic events. in addition, we rely on third-party suppliers or service providers to perform their contractual obligations and any failure on their part, including the failure to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices or to safely transport or store commodities, could expose us to costs or losses. also, while we seek to insure against potential risks, we may not be able to obtain insurance to cover some of these risks and the insurance that we have may be inadequate to cover our losses.
the occurrence of any of such events may prevent us from performing under our agreements with clients, may impair our operations or financial results and may result in litigation, regulatory action, negative publicity or other reputational harm.
we may also be required to divest or discontinue certain of these activities for regulatory or legal reasons.
we may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters.
the occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, such as coronavirus, or other widespread health emergency (or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency), terrorist attacks, extreme terrestrial or solar weather events or other natural disasters, could create economic and financial disruptions, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that could impair our ability to manage our businesses.
climate change concerns could disrupt our businesses, affect client activity levels and creditworthiness and damage our reputation.
climate change may cause extreme weather events that disrupt operations at one or more of our primary locations, which may negatively affect our ability to service and interact with our clients, and also may adversely affect the value of our investments, including our real estate investments. climate change may also have a negative impact on the financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients. additionally, our reputation may be damaged as a result of our involvement, or our clients' involvement, in certain industries or projects associated with climate change.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations             46
business environment                                                                              47
use of estimates                                                                                  49
recent accounting developments                                                                    50
results of operations                                                                             50
equity capital management and regulatory capital                                                  69
regulatory matters and other developments                                                         73
off-balance-sheet arrangements and contractual obligations                                        75
risk management                                                                                   77
overview and structure of risk management                                                         77
liquidity risk management                                                                         82
market risk management                                                                            88
credit risk management                                                                            92
operational risk management                                                                       99
model risk management                                                                            101
item 7a quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                       102
goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries index item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction the goldman sachs group, inc. (group inc. or parent company), a delaware corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. founded in 1869, we are headquartered in new york and maintain offices in all major financial centers around the world. we report our activities in four business segments: investment banking, global markets, asset management, and consumer & wealth management. see "results of operations" for further information about our business segments.
when we use the terms "we," "us" and "our," we mean group inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. when we use the term "our subsidiaries," we mean the consolidated subsidiaries of group inc. references to "this form 10-k"  are to our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019. all references to "the consolidated financial statements" or "supplemental financial information" are to part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. all references to 2019, 2018 and 2017 refer to our years ended, or the dates, as the context requires, december 31, 2019, december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, respectively. any reference to a future year refers to a year ending on december 31 of that year. certain reclassifications have been made to previously reported amounts to conform to the current presentation.
in this discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, we have included information that may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are not historical facts or statements of current conditions, but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control.
by identifying the following statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition in these forward-looking statements. important factors that could cause our results, financial condition and capital actions to differ from those in these statements include, among others, those described in "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k and "cautionary statement pursuant to the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
these statements may relate to, among other things, (i) our future plans and results, including our target roe, rote, efficiency ratio and cet1 capital ratio, and how they can be achieved, (ii) various legal proceedings, governmental investigations or other contingencies as set forth in notes 27 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k, (iii) the results of stress tests, (iv) the objectives and effectiveness of our business continuity plan, information security program, risk management and liquidity policies, (v) our resolution plan and resolution strategy and their implications for stakeholders, (vi) the design and effectiveness of our resolution capital and liquidity models and triggers and alerts framework, (vii) trends in or growth opportunities for our businesses, including the timing and benefits of business and strategic initiatives and changes in and the importance of the efficiency ratio, (viii) the effect of changes to regulations, as well as our future status, activities or reporting under banking and financial regulation, (ix) our nsfr and scb, (x) our level of future compensation expense as a percentage of operating expenses, (xi) our investment banking transaction backlog, (xii) our expected tax rate, (xiii) our proposed capital actions (including those permitted by our ccar 2019 capital plan), (xiv) our expected interest income, (xv) our credit exposures, (xvi) our expected provisions for credit losses, (xvii) our preparations for brexit, including a hard brexit scenario, (xviii) the replacement of libor and other ibors and our program for the transition to alternative risk-free reference rates, (xix) the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, (xx) the projected growth of our deposits and associated interest expense savings, (xxi) the projected growth of our consumer loan and credit card businesses, (xxii) our business initiatives, including those related to transaction banking and new consumer financial products, (xxiii) our expense savings initiatives and increasing use of strategic locations, (xxiv) our planned 2020 parent vanilla debt issuances, (xxv) the amount of gcla we expect to hold, (xxvi) our expected g-sib surcharge and (xxvii) expenses we may incur, including future litigation expense and those associated with investing in our consumer lending, credit card and transaction banking businesses.
46   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis executive overview we generated net earnings of $8.47 billion for 2019, a decrease of 19%, compared with $10.46 billion for 2018. diluted earnings per common share was $21.03 for 2019, a decrease of 17%, compared with $25.27 for 2018. return on average common shareholders' equity (roe) was 10.0% for 2019, compared with 13.3% for 2018. book value per common share was $218.52 as of december 2019, 5.4% higher compared with december 2018.
during 2019, we recorded net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings of $1.24 billion, which reduced diluted earnings per common share by $3.16 and roe by 1.5 percentage points.
net revenues were $36.55 billion for 2019, essentially unchanged compared with 2018, reflecting lower net revenues in investment banking, driven by lower net revenues in underwriting and financial advisory, offset by slightly higher net revenues in global markets, due to higher net revenues in fixed income, currency and commodities (ficc). net revenues in asset management and consumer & wealth management were both essentially unchanged.
provision for credit losses was $1.07 billion for 2019, 58% higher than 2018, primarily reflecting higher impairments related to corporate loans and higher provisions related to credit card loans.
operating expenses were $24.90 billion for 2019, 6% higher than 2018, primarily reflecting significantly higher net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings and higher expenses for consolidated investments and technology. our efficiency ratio (total operating expenses divided by total net revenues) for 2019 was 68.1%, compared with 64.1% for 2018.
pre-tax earnings were $10.58 billion for 2019 and included our investments in our digital platform, marcus by goldman sachs (marcus), our credit card activities and the planned launch of our transaction banking activities, which collectively had a pre-tax loss of approximately $700 million.
we returned $6.88 billion of capital to common shareholders during 2019, including $5.34 billion of common share repurchases and $1.54 billion of common stock dividends. as of december 2019, our common equity tier 1 (cet1) capital ratio as calculated in accordance with the standardized capital rules was 13.3% and as calculated in accordance with the advanced capital rules was 13.7%. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our capital ratios.
in 2020, we announced strategic initiatives related to expense efficiencies and funding optimization with an emphasis on improving profitability and shareholder returns. we estimated that over the next three years we will generate (i) $1.3 billion of expense efficiencies, which will create capacity to fund growth, and (ii) $1.0 billion of interest expense savings through funding optimization from the growth of deposits and the reduction of wholesale unsecured funding.
business environment during 2019, global real gross domestic product (gdp) growth appeared to decrease compared with 2018, reflecting decreased growth in both emerging markets and advanced economies, including in the u.s. concerns about future global growth and a mixed macroeconomic environment led to accommodative monetary policies by global central banks, including three cuts to the federal funds rate by the u.s. federal reserve during the year to a target range of 1.5% to 1.75%. the market sentiment in 2019 was also impacted by geopolitical uncertainty, including ongoing trade concerns between the u.s. and china and multiple extensions of the deadline related to the u.k.'s decision to leave the e.u. (brexit). see "results of operations - segment operating results" for further information about the operating environment for each of our business segments.
critical accounting policies fair value fair value hierarchy. trading assets and liabilities, certain investments and loans, and certain other financial assets and liabilities, are included in our consolidated balance sheets at fair value (i.e., marked-to-market), with related gains or losses generally recognized in our consolidated statements of earnings. the use of fair value to measure financial instruments is fundamental to our risk management practices and is our most critical accounting policy.
the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. we measure certain financial assets and liabilities as a portfolio (i.e., based on its net exposure to market and/or credit risks). in determining fair value, the hierarchy under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) gives (i) the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities (level 1 inputs), (ii) the next priority to inputs other than level 1 inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly (level 2 inputs), and (iii) the lowest priority to inputs that cannot be observed in market activity (level 3 inputs). in evaluating the significance of a valuation input, we consider, among other factors, a portfolio's net risk exposure to that input. assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to their fair value measurement.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the fair values for substantially all of our financial assets and liabilities are based on observable prices and inputs and are classified in levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy. certain level 2 and level 3 financial assets and liabilities may require appropriate valuation adjustments that a market participant would require to arrive at fair value for factors, such as counterparty and our credit quality, funding risk, transfer restrictions, liquidity and bid/offer spreads.
instruments classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are those which require one or more significant inputs that are not observable. level 3 financial assets represented 2.3% as of december 2019 and 2.4% as of december 2018, of our total assets. see notes 4 through 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about level 3 financial assets, including changes in level 3 financial assets and related fair value measurements. absent evidence to the contrary, instruments classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are initially valued at transaction price, which is considered to be the best initial estimate of fair value. subsequent to the transaction date, we use other methodologies to determine fair value, which vary based on the type of instrument. estimating the fair value of level 3 financial instruments requires judgments to be made. these judgments include:
   determining the appropriate valuation methodology and/or model for each type of level 3 financial instrument;
   determining model inputs based on an evaluation of all relevant empirical market data, including prices evidenced by market transactions, interest rates, credit spreads, volatilities and correlations; and
   determining appropriate valuation adjustments, including those related to illiquidity or counterparty credit quality.
regardless of the methodology, valuation inputs and assumptions are only changed when corroborated by substantive evidence.
controls over valuation of financial instruments. market makers and investment professionals in our revenue-producing units are responsible for pricing our financial instruments. our control infrastructure is independent of the revenue-producing units and is fundamental to ensuring that all of our financial instruments are appropriately valued at market-clearing levels. in the event that there is a difference of opinion in situations where estimating the fair value of financial instruments requires judgment (e.g., calibration to market comparables or trade comparison, as described below), the final valuation decision is made by senior managers in independent risk oversight and control functions. this independent price verification is critical to ensuring that our financial instruments are properly valued.
price verification. all financial instruments at fair value classified in levels 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy are subject to our independent price verification process. the objective of price verification is to have an informed and independent opinion with regard to the valuation of financial instruments under review. instruments that have one or more significant inputs which cannot be corroborated by external market data are classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. price verification strategies utilized by our independent risk oversight and control functions include:
   trade comparison. analysis of trade data (both internal and external, where available) is used to determine the most relevant pricing inputs and valuations.
   external price comparison. valuations and prices are compared to pricing data obtained from third parties (e.g., brokers or dealers, markit, bloomberg, idc, trace). data obtained from various sources is compared to ensure consistency and validity. when broker or dealer quotations or third-party pricing vendors are used for valuation or price verification, greater priority is generally given to executable quotations.
   calibration to market comparables. market-based transactions are used to corroborate the valuation of positions with similar characteristics, risks and components.
   relative value analyses. market-based transactions are analyzed to determine the similarity, measured in terms of risk, liquidity and return, of one instrument relative to another or, for a given instrument, of one maturity relative to another.
   collateral analyses. margin calls on derivatives are analyzed to determine implied values, which are used to corroborate our valuations.
   execution of trades. where appropriate, market-making desks are instructed to execute trades in order to provide evidence of market-clearing levels.
see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about fair value measurements.
review of net revenues. independent risk oversight and control functions ensure adherence to our pricing policy through a combination of daily procedures, including the explanation and attribution of net revenues based on the underlying factors. through this process, we independently validate net revenues, identify and resolve potential fair value or trade booking issues on a timely basis and seek to ensure that risks are being properly categorized and quantified.
48   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis review of valuation models. our independent model risk management group (model risk), consisting of quantitative professionals who are separate from model developers, performs an independent model review and validation process of our valuation models. new or changed models are reviewed and approved prior to implementation. models are reviewed annually to assess the impact of any changes in the product or market and any market developments in pricing theories. see "risk management - model risk management" for further information about the review and validation of our valuation models.
allowance for credit losses we estimate and record an allowance for credit losses related to our loans held for investment and accounted for at amortized cost. the allowance for loan losses consists of specific loan-level reserves, portfolio-level reserves and reserves on purchased credit impaired loans. the determination of each of these components entails significant judgment on various risk factors, including industry default and loss data, current macroeconomic indicators, borrower's capacity to meet its financial obligations, borrower's country of risk, loan seniority and collateral type. in addition, for loans backed by real estate, risk factors include loan-to-value ratio, debt service ratio and home price index. risk factors for consumer and credit card loans include fair isaac corporation (fico) credit scores and delinquency status.
our estimate of credit losses entails judgment about collectability at the reporting dates, and there are uncertainties inherent in those judgments. while we use the best information available to determine this estimate, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary based on, among other things, changes in the economic environment or variances between actual results and the original assumptions used. loans are charged off against the allowance for loan losses when deemed to be uncollectible. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about adoption of asu no. 2016-13,  "financial instruments - credit losses (topic 326) - measurement of credit losses on financial instruments."
we also record an allowance for losses on lending commitments which are held for investment and accounted for at amortized cost. such allowance is determined using the same methodology as the allowance for loan losses, while also taking into consideration the probability of drawdowns or funding, and is included in other liabilities.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the allowance for credit losses.
use of estimates u.s. gaap requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions. in addition to the estimates we make in connection with fair value measurements and the allowance for credit losses on loans and lending commitments held for investment and accounted for at amortized cost, the use of estimates and assumptions is also important in determining the accounting for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, provisions for losses that may arise from litigation and regulatory proceedings (including governmental investigations), and provisions for losses that may arise from tax audits.
goodwill is assessed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an impairment may exist. when assessing goodwill for impairment, first, a qualitative assessment can be made to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its estimated carrying value. if the results of the qualitative assessment are not conclusive, a quantitative goodwill test is performed. alternatively, a quantitative goodwill test can be performed without performing a qualitative assessment.
estimating the fair value of our reporting units requires judgment. critical inputs to the fair value estimates include projected earnings and allocated equity. there is inherent uncertainty in the projected earnings. the estimated carrying value of each reporting unit reflects an allocation of total shareholders' equity and represents the estimated amount of total shareholders' equity required to support the activities of the reporting unit under currently applicable regulatory capital requirements. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about goodwill.
if we experience a prolonged or severe period of weakness in the business environment, financial markets, our performance or our common stock price, or additional increases in capital requirements, our goodwill could be impaired in the future.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis identifiable intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset's or asset group's carrying value may not be fully recoverable. judgment is required to evaluate whether indications of potential impairment have occurred, and to test intangible assets for impairment, if required. an impairment is recognized if the total of the estimated undiscounted cash flows relating to the asset or asset group is less than the corresponding carrying value. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about identifiable intangible assets.
we also estimate and provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. in addition, we estimate the upper end of the range of reasonably possible aggregate loss in excess of the related reserves for litigation and regulatory proceedings where we believe the risk of loss is more than slight. see notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements for information about certain judicial, litigation and regulatory proceedings. significant judgment is required in making these estimates and our final liabilities may ultimately be materially different. our total estimated liability in respect of litigation and regulatory proceedings is determined on a case-by-case basis and represents an estimate of probable losses after considering, among other factors, the progress of each case, proceeding or investigation, our experience and the experience of others in similar cases, proceedings or investigations, and the opinions and views of legal counsel.
in accounting for income taxes, we recognize tax positions in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. see note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about income taxes.
recent accounting developments see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about recent accounting developments.
results of operations the composition of our net revenues has varied over time as financial markets and the scope of our operations have changed. the composition of net revenues can also vary over the shorter term due to fluctuations in u.s. and global economic and market conditions. see "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k for further information about the impact of economic and market conditions on our results of operations.
financial overview the table below presents an overview of our financial results and selected financial ratios.
   roe is calculated by dividing net earnings to common by average monthly common shareholders' equity. tangible common shareholders' equity is calculated as total shareholders' equity less preferred stock, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. return on average tangible common shareholders' equity (rote) is calculated by dividing net earnings to common by average monthly tangible common shareholders' equity. we believe that tangible common shareholders' equity is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy and that rote is meaningful because it measures the performance of businesses consistently, whether they were acquired or developed internally. tangible common shareholders' equity and rote are non-gaap measures and may not be comparable to similar non-gaap measures used by other companies. return on average total shareholders' equity is calculated by dividing net earnings by average monthly total shareholders' equity.
the table below presents our average equity and the reconciliation of average common shareholders' equity to average tangible common shareholders' equity.
50   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis
   in 2017, we recorded $4.40 billion of estimated income tax expense related to the tax cuts and jobs act (tax legislation). excluding this expense, diluted earnings per common share was $19.76, roe was 10.8% and rote was 11.4% for 2017. in the fourth quarter of 2018, we finalized this estimate to reflect the impact of updated information, including subsequent guidance issued by the u.s. internal revenue service (irs), resulting in a $487 million income tax benefit for 2018. excluding this benefit, diluted earnings per common share was $24.02, roe was 12.7% and rote was 13.4% for 2018. we believe that presenting our results excluding tax legislation is meaningful as excluding the above items increases the comparability of period-to-period results. see "results of operations - provision for taxes" for further information about tax legislation. diluted earnings per common share, roe and rote, excluding the impact of the above items related to tax legislation, are non-gaap measures and may not be comparable to similar non-gaap measures used by other companies. the tables below present the calculation of net earnings to common, diluted earnings per common share and average common shareholders' equity, excluding the impact of the above items related to tax legislation.
impact of tax legislation                                                            (487   )                  4,400
the impact of tax legislation divided by average diluted common shares                                            390.2                      409.1
diluted earnings per common share, excluding the impact of tax legislation         $24.02                     $19.76
impact of tax legislation                                 (42   )                           338
the impact of tax legislation goodwill and identifiable intangible assets            (4,090   )                        (4,065   )
excluding the impact of tax legislation
   in 2017, as required, we adopted asu no. 2016-09, "compensation - stock compensation (topic 718) - improvements to employee share-based payment accounting." the impact of adoption was a reduction to our provision for taxes of $719 million for 2017, which increased diluted earnings per common share by approximately $1.75 and both roe and rote by approximately 1.0 percentage points. the impact for 2019 and 2018 was not material.
investment management                 6,189                  6,590                  5,867
market making                        10,157                  9,724                  7,853
   investment banking consists of revenues (excluding net interest) from financial advisory and underwriting assignments. these activities are included in our investment banking segment. revenues from transactions in derivatives related to client advisory and underwriting assignments, previously reported in investment banking, are now reported in market making. reclassifications have been made to previously reported amounts to conform to the current presentation.
   investment management consists of revenues (excluding net interest) from providing asset management services across all major asset classes to a diverse set of asset management clients (included in our asset management segment), as well as asset management services, wealth advisory services and certain transaction services for wealth management clients (included in our consumer &amp; wealth management segment).
   commissions and fees consists of revenues from executing and clearing client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as over-the-counter (otc) transactions. these activities are included in our global markets and consumer &amp; wealth management segments.
   market making consists of revenues (excluding net interest) from client execution activities related to making markets in interest rate products, credit products, mortgages, currencies, commodities and equity products. these activities are included in our global markets segment.
   other principal transactions consists of revenues (excluding net interest) from our equity investing activities, including revenues related to our consolidated investments (included in our asset management segment), and lending activities (included across our four segments).
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis operating environment. during 2019, market-making activities operated in an environment generally characterized by macroeconomic concerns, driven by continued trade tensions and concerns over a slowdown in future global economic growth. volatility in equity markets decreased with the average daily vix for the year lower compared with 2018. monetary policies set by global central banks remained accommodative throughout the year. investment banking activities reflected decreases in industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions transactions and industry-wide equity underwriting transactions. other principal transactions revenues benefited from company-specific events, including sales. our assets under supervision increased from acquisitions, organic net inflows and appreciation in our client assets, reflecting generally higher equity and fixed income prices.
if macroeconomic concerns continue, or if there are continued declines in market-making activity levels, volatility or investment banking transaction levels, or if there are declines in assets under supervision or global equity markets, net revenues would likely be negatively impacted. see "segment operating results" for information about the operating environment and material trends and uncertainties that may impact our results of operations.
net revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $36.55 billion for 2019, essentially unchanged compared with 2018, primarily reflecting lower investment banking revenues and investment management revenues, offset by higher net interest income and slightly higher market making revenues.
non-interest revenues. investment banking revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $6.80 billion for 2019, 9% lower than 2018, reflecting lower revenues in underwriting and financial advisory. the decrease in underwriting revenues was due to lower revenues in debt underwriting, driven by lower revenues from investment-grade and leveraged finance activity, and in equity underwriting, reflecting a decline in industry-wide initial public offerings. the decrease in financial advisory revenues reflected a decrease in industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions transactions.
investment management revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $6.19 billion for 2019, 6% lower than 2018, driven by significantly lower incentive fees. this decrease was partially offset by slightly higher management and other fees (including the impact of united capital financial partners, inc. (united capital)), reflecting the impact of higher average assets under supervision, partially offset by a lower average effective fee due to shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies. united capital was acquired in the third quarter of 2019.
commissions and fees in the consolidated statements of earnings were $2.99 billion for 2019, 7% lower than 2018, primarily reflecting a decrease in our listed cash equity volumes in the u.s., generally consistent with market volumes.
market making revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $10.16 billion for 2019, 4% higher than 2018, primarily reflecting significantly higher revenues in interest rate products and commodities, and slightly higher revenues in equity products, partially offset by significantly lower revenues in currencies and lower revenues in mortgages.
other principal transactions in the consolidated statements of earnings were $6.05 billion for 2019, 2% higher than 2018, primarily reflecting significantly higher net gains from investments in public equities, partially offset by lower net gains from investments in debt instruments and slightly lower net gains from investments in private equities.
net interest income. net interest income in the consolidated statements of earnings was $4.36 billion for 2019, 16% higher than 2018, reflecting an increase in interest income primarily related to trading assets and loans reflecting the impact of higher average balances, and collateralized agreements reflecting the impact of higher interest rates, partially offset by impact of lower average balances. the increase in interest income was partially offset by higher interest expense primarily related to deposits reflecting the impact of higher interest rates and higher average balances, and collateralized financings reflecting an impact of higher interest rates. see "statistical disclosures - distribution of assets, liabilities and shareholders' equity" for further information about our sources of net interest income.
net revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $36.62 billion for 2018, 12% higher than 2017, primarily due to significantly higher market making revenues and net interest income, as well as higher investment management revenues and slightly higher investment banking revenues.
52   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis non-interest revenues. investment banking revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $7.43 billion for 2018, 5% higher than 2017. revenues in financial advisory were higher, reflecting an increase in industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions volumes. revenues in underwriting were slightly higher, due to significantly higher revenues in equity underwriting, driven by initial public offerings, partially offset by lower revenues in debt underwriting, reflecting a decline in leveraged finance activity.
investment management revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $6.59 billion for 2018, 12% higher than 2017, primarily due to significantly higher incentive fees, as a result of harvesting. management and other fees were also higher, reflecting higher average assets under supervision and the impact of the revenue recognition standard, partially offset by shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about asu no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)."
commissions and fees in the consolidated statements of earnings were $3.20 billion for 2018, 5% higher than 2017, reflecting an increase in our listed cash equity and futures volumes, generally consistent with market volumes.
market making revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $9.72 billion for 2018, 24% higher than 2017, due to significantly higher revenues in equity products, interest rate products and commodities. these increases were partially offset by significantly lower results in mortgages and lower revenues in credit products.
other principal transactions revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $5.91 billion for 2018, essentially unchanged compared with 2017, reflecting net losses from investments in public equities compared with net gains in the prior year, offset by significantly higher net gains from investments in private equities, driven by company-specific events, including sales, and corporate performance.
net interest income. net interest income in the consolidated statements of earnings was $3.77 billion for 2018, 28% higher than 2017, reflecting an increase in interest income primarily related to collateralized agreements and other interest-earning assets, reflecting the impact of higher interest rates, as well as loans reflecting the impact of higher average balances and higher yields. the increase in interest income was partially offset by higher interest expense primarily related to other interest-bearing liabilities, deposits and collateralized financings, each reflecting the impact of higher interest rates. see "statistical disclosures - distribution of assets, liabilities and shareholders' equity" for further information about our sources of net interest income.
provision for credit losses provision for credit losses consists of provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments held for investment and accounted for at amortized cost. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the provision for credit losses.
2019 versus 2018. provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of earnings was $1.07 billion for 2019, 58% higher than 2018, primarily reflecting higher impairments related to corporate loans, and higher provisions related to credit card loans.
2018 versus 2017. provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of earnings was $674 million for 2018, 3% higher than 2017, as the higher provision for credit losses primarily related to consumer loan growth in 2018 was partially offset by an impairment of approximately $130 million on a secured loan in 2017.
operating expenses our operating expenses are primarily influenced by compensation, headcount and levels of business activity. compensation and benefits includes salaries, year-end  discretionary compensation, amortization of equity awards and other items such as benefits. discretionary compensation is significantly impacted by, among other factors, the level of net revenues, overall financial performance, prevailing labor markets, business mix, the structure of our share-based compensation programs and the external environment.
the table below presents our operating expenses by line item and headcount.
compensation and benefits                $12,353                $12,328                $11,653
brokerage, clearing, exchange and          3,252                  3,200                  2,876
distribution fees market development                           739                    740                    588
professional fees                          1,316                  1,214                  1,165
total operating expenses                 $24,898                $23,461                $20,941
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis
2019 versus 2018. operating expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $24.90 billion for 2019, 6% higher than 2018. our efficiency ratio (total operating expenses divided by total net revenues) for 2019 was 68.1%, compared with 64.1% for 2018.
the increase in operating expenses compared with 2018 primarily reflected significantly higher net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings and higher expenses for consolidated investments and technology (increases primarily in depreciation and amortization, communications and technology, occupancy and other expenses). in addition, 2019 included higher expenses related to our credit card and transaction banking activities (increases were primarily in professional fees and other expenses) and also included the impact of united capital. compensation and benefits expenses were essentially unchanged compared with 2018.
as of december 2019, headcount increased 5% compared with december 2018, reflecting an increase in our technology professionals and the impact of united capital.
2018 versus 2017. operating expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $23.46 billion for 2018, 12% higher than 2017. our efficiency ratio (total operating expenses divided by total net revenues) for 2018 was 64.1%, compared with 64.0% for 2017.
the increase in operating expenses compared with 2017 was primarily due to higher compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting improved operating performance, and significantly higher net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings. brokerage, clearing, exchange and distribution fees were also higher, reflecting an increase in activity levels, and technology expenses increased, reflecting higher expenses related to computing services. in addition, expenses related to consolidated investments and our digital lending and deposit platform increased, with the increases primarily in depreciation and amortization expenses, market development expenses and other expenses. the increase compared with 2017 also included $297 million related to the revenue recognition standard. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about asu no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)."
as of december 2018, headcount increased 9% compared with december 2017, reflecting an increase in technology professionals and investments in new business initiatives.
provision for taxes the effective income tax rate for 2019 was 20.0%, up from 16.2% for 2018, which included a $487 million income tax benefit in 2018 related to the finalization of the impact of the tax legislation. additionally, the increase compared with 2018 was due to an increase in non-deductible  litigation provisions and changes in the geographic mix of earnings partially offset by discrete tax benefits in 2019.
the effective income tax rate for 2018 was 16.2%, down from 61.5% for 2017, as 2017 included the estimated impact of tax legislation, which increased our effective income tax rate by 39.5 percentage points. additionally, the decrease compared with 2017 reflected the impact of the lower u.s. corporate income tax rate in 2018. the estimated impact of tax legislation was an increase in income tax expense of $4.40 billion for 2017. during 2018, we finalized this estimate to reflect the impact of updated information, including subsequent guidance issued by the irs, resulting in a $487 million income tax benefit for 2018.
in june 2019, the irs and the u.s. department of the treasury (u.s. treasury) released final, temporary and proposed regulations relating to the implementation of global intangible low taxed income. the proposed regulations would be applicable only after final regulations are published. in december 2019, the irs and u.s. treasury released final and proposed regulations relating to the implementation of base erosion and anti-abuse tax. the final regulations are generally consistent, with certain modifications, to the proposed regulations issued in december 2018. these final and proposed regulations did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate for 2019.
based on our current interpretations of the rules and legislative guidance to date, we expect our 2020 tax rate to be approximately 21%, excluding the impact of tax benefits on employee share based awards and any non-deductible litigation.
54   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis segment assets and operating results commencing with the fourth quarter of 2019, we made certain changes to our business segments. prior to the fourth quarter of 2019, we reported our activities in the following four business segments: investment banking, institutional client services, investing & lending, and investment management. beginning with the fourth quarter of 2019, we report our activities in four business segments: investment banking, global markets, asset management, and consumer & wealth management. see "business - our business segments" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k  for further information about changes to our business segments.
$ in millions                              investment banking                  global markets        asset management       consumer &amp; wealth management      total as of december 2019
collateralized agreements                              13,376                         196,278                   3,433                                  8,675    221,762
customer and other receivables                          3,576                          63,277                   1,579                                  6,173     74,605
as of december 2018
collateralized agreements                              18,619                         238,682                   6,481                                 10,761    274,543
customer and other receivables                          4,199                          60,201                   1,486                                  6,569     72,455
the allocation process for segment assets is based on the activities of these segments. the allocation of assets includes allocation of global core liquid assets (gcla) (which consists of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash), which is generally included within cash and cash equivalents, collateralized agreements and trading assets on our balance sheet. due to the integrated nature of these segments, estimates and judgments are made in allocating these assets. see "risk management - liquidity risk management" for further information about our gcla.
segment operating results.  the table below presents our segment operating results.
operating expenses                         4,685                  4,473                  3,613
global markets net revenues                             $14,779                $14,438                $12,295
operating expenses                        10,851                 10,585                  9,981
asset management net revenues                             $ 8,965                $ 8,835                $ 8,530
operating expenses                         4,817                  4,179                  3,773
consumer &amp; wealth management net revenues                             $ 5,203                $ 5,165                $ 4,446
operating expenses                         4,545                  4,224                  3,574
total operating expenses                  24,898                 23,461                 20,941
in the table above, operating expenses related to corporate charitable contributions, previously not allocated to our segments, have now been allocated. this allocation reflects a change in the manner in which we measure the performance of our segments. as a result of this change, all operating expenses are now allocated to segments. reclassifications have been made to previously reported segment amounts to conform to the current presentation.
net revenues in our segments include allocations of interest income and expense to specific positions in relation to the cash generated by, or funding requirements of, such positions. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our business segments.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the allocation of common shareholders' equity and preferred stock dividends to each segment is based on the estimated amount of equity required to support the activities of the segment under current applicable regulatory capital requirements. net earnings for each segment is calculated by applying the firmwide tax rate to each segment's pre-tax earnings.
compensation and benefits expenses within our segments reflect, among other factors, our overall performance, as well as the performance of individual businesses. consequently, pre-tax margins in one segment of our business may be significantly affected by the performance of our other business segments. a description of segment operating results follows.
   financial advisory. includes strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings and spin-offs.
   underwriting. includes public offerings and private placements, including local and cross-border transactions and acquisition financing, of a wide range of securities and other financial instruments, including loans.
   corporate lending. includes lending to corporate clients, including middle-market lending, relationship lending and acquisition financing.
the table below presents the operating results of our investment banking segment.
financial advisory                     $ 3,197                $3,444                $3,161
equity underwriting                      1,482                 1,628                 1,235
debt underwriting                        2,119                 2,358                 2,680
underwriting                             3,601                 3,986                 3,915
operating expenses                       4,685                 4,473                 3,613
the table below presents our financial advisory and underwriting transaction volumes.
equity and equity-related offerings           $ 68                  $ 67                 $ 69
debt offerings                               $ 245                 $ 256                $ 289
   announced and completed mergers and acquisitions volumes are based on full credit to each of the advisors in a transaction. equity and equity-related offerings and debt offerings are based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers. transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. in addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal or a change in the value of a transaction.
   equity and equity-related offerings includes rule 144a and public common stock offerings, convertible offerings and rights offerings.
   debt offerings includes non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and taxable municipal debt. includes publicly registered and rule 144a issues and excludes leveraged loans.
operating environment. during 2019, industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions transactions decreased and industry-wide announced mergers and acquisitions transactions decreased slightly, both compared with a strong 2018. in underwriting, industry-wide equity underwriting transactions decreased compared with 2018, reflecting a decline in initial public offerings. industry-wide debt underwriting activity reflected a decrease in loan syndications compared with 2018. in the future, if industry-wide mergers and acquisitions transactions, equity underwriting transactions or loan syndications continue to decline, net revenues in investment banking would likely be negatively impacted.
2019 versus 2018. net revenues in investment banking were $7.60 billion for 2019, 7% lower compared with a strong 2018, reflecting lower net revenues in underwriting and financial advisory, partially offset by higher net revenues in corporate lending.
the decrease in underwriting net revenues was due to lower net revenues in debt underwriting, driven by lower net revenues from investment-grade and leveraged finance activity, and in equity underwriting, reflecting a decline in industry-wide initial public offerings. the decrease in financial advisory net revenues reflected a decrease in industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions transactions.
provision for credit losses was $333 million for 2019, compared with $124 million for 2018, primarily reflecting higher impairments related to corporate loans.
operating expenses were $4.69 billion for 2019, 5% higher than 2018, primarily due to higher net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings and higher expenses related to transaction banking activities. pre-tax earnings were $2.58 billion for 2019, 28% lower than 2018.
56   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis as of december 2019, our investment banking transaction backlog was essentially unchanged compared with december 2018, due to lower estimated net revenues from potential debt  underwriting transactions, particularly from  asset-backed transactions, and equity underwriting transactions, offset by higher estimated net revenues from potential advisory transactions.
our investment banking transaction backlog represents an estimate of our future net revenues from investment banking transactions where we believe that future revenue realization is more likely than not. we believe changes in our investment banking transaction backlog may be a useful indicator of client activity levels which, over the long term, impact our net revenues. however, the time frame for completion and corresponding revenue recognition of transactions in our backlog varies based on the nature of the assignment, as certain transactions may remain in our backlog for longer periods of time and others may enter and leave within the same reporting period. in addition, our transaction backlog is subject to certain limitations, such as assumptions about the likelihood that individual client transactions will occur in the future. transactions may be cancelled or modified, and transactions not included in the estimate may also occur.
2018 versus 2017. net revenues in investment banking were $8.18 billion for 2018, 10% higher than 2017, reflecting significantly higher net revenues in corporate lending, higher net revenues in financial advisory and slightly higher net revenues in underwriting.
the increase in corporate lending net revenues was driven by significantly higher net interest income from middle-market lending activities and higher results on hedges related to relationship lending activities. the increase in financial advisory net revenues reflected an increase in industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions volumes. the increase in underwriting net revenues was due to significantly higher net revenues in equity underwriting, driven by initial public offerings, partially offset by lower net revenues in debt underwriting, reflecting a decline in leveraged finance activity.
provision for credit losses was $124 million for 2018, compared with $34 million for 2017, primarily reflecting higher impairments related to corporate loans.
operating expenses were $4.47 billion for 2018, 24% higher than 2017, due to higher net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings, increased compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting improved operating performance, and the impact of the revenue recognition standard. pre-tax earnings were $3.58 billion for 2018, 6% lower than 2017.
as of december 2018, our investment banking transaction backlog increased compared with december 2017, driven by significantly higher estimated net revenues from potential advisory transactions. estimated net revenues from potential debt and equity underwriting transactions were lower.
global markets our global markets segment consists of:
   ficc intermediation. includes client execution activities related to making markets in both trading cash and derivative instruments, as detailed below.
credit products. investment-grade corporate securities, high-yield securities, credit derivatives, exchange-traded funds (etfs), bank and bridge loans, municipal securities, emerging market and distressed debt, and trade claims.
mortgages. commercial mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives, residential mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives (including u.s. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and other securities and loans), and other asset-backed securities, loans and derivatives.
currencies. currency options, spot/forwards and other derivatives on g-10 currencies and emerging-market products.
for further information about market-making activities, see "market-making activities" below.
   ficc financing. includes providing financing to our clients through securities sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), as well as through structured credit, warehouse lending (including residential and commercial mortgage lending) and asset-backed lending, which are typically longer term in nature.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis equities. equities generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities.
   equities intermediation. we make markets in equity securities and equity-related products, including etfs, convertible securities, options, futures and over-the-counter (otc) derivative instruments, on a global basis. we also structure and make markets in derivatives on indices, industry sectors, financial measures and individual company stocks. our exchange-based market-making activities include making markets in stocks and etfs, futures and options on major exchanges worldwide. in addition, we generate commissions and fees from executing and clearing institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as otc transactions. for further information about market-making activities, see "market-making activities" below.
   equities financing. includes prime brokerage and other equities financing activities, including securities lending, margin lending and swaps. we earn fees by providing clearing, settlement and custody services globally. we provide services that principally involve borrowing and lending securities to cover institutional clients' short sales and borrowing securities to cover our short sales and otherwise to make deliveries into the market. in addition, we are an active participant in broker-to-broker securities lending and third-party agency lending activities. we provide financing to our clients for their securities trading activities through margin loans that are collateralized by securities, cash or other acceptable collateral. in addition, we execute swap transactions to provide our clients with exposure to securities and indices.
market-making activities as a market maker, we facilitate transactions in both liquid and less liquid markets, primarily for institutional clients, such as corporations, financial institutions, investment funds and governments, to assist clients in meeting their investment objectives and in managing their risks. in this role, we seek to earn the difference between the price at which a market participant is willing to sell an instrument to us and the price at which another market participant is willing to buy it from us, and vice versa (i.e., bid/offer spread). in addition, we maintain (i) market-making positions, typically for a short period of time, in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand, and (ii) positions to actively manage our risk exposures that arise from these market-making activities (collectively, inventory). our inventory is recorded in trading assets (long positions) or trading liabilities (short positions) in our consolidated balance sheets.
our results are influenced by a combination of interconnected drivers, including (i) client activity levels and transactional bid/offer spreads (collectively, client activity), and (ii) changes in the fair value of our inventory and interest income and interest expense related to the holding, hedging and funding of our inventory (collectively, market-making inventory changes). due to the integrated nature of our market-making activities, disaggregation of net revenues into client activity and market-making inventory changes is judgmental and has inherent complexities and limitations.
the amount and composition of our net revenues vary over time as these drivers are impacted by multiple interrelated factors affecting economic and market conditions, including volatility and liquidity in the market, changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit spreads, equity prices and commodity prices, investor confidence, and other macroeconomic concerns and uncertainties.
in general, assuming all other market-making conditions remain constant, increases in client activity levels or bid/offer spreads tend to result in increases in net revenues, and decreases tend to have the opposite effect. however, changes in market-making conditions can materially impact client activity levels and bid/offer spreads, as well as the fair value of our inventory. for example, a decrease in liquidity in the market could have the impact of (i) increasing our bid/offer spread, (ii) decreasing investor confidence and thereby decreasing client activity levels, and (iii) widening of credit spreads on our inventory positions.
the table below presents the operating results of our global markets segment.
operating expenses                      10,851                 10,585                  9,981
58   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the table below presents the net revenues of our global markets segment by line item in the consolidated statements of earnings.
$ in millions                                  ficc              equities           global markets year ended december 2019
market making                                $5,813                $4,344                  $10,157
market making                                $5,531                $4,193                  $ 9,724
market making                                $4,612                $3,241                  $ 7,853
   the difference between commissions and fees and those in the consolidated statements of earnings represents commissions and fees included in our consumer &amp; wealth management segment.
   see "net revenues" for further information about market making revenues, commissions and fees, and net interest income. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for net interest income by business segment.
   the primary driver of net revenues for ficc intermediation was client activity.
operating environment. during 2019, global markets operated in an environment generally characterized by concerns about future global growth and a mixed macroeconomic environment, which led to accommodative monetary policies set by global central banks. volatility was lower, with the average daily vix decreasing to 15 for 2019 compared with 17 for 2018. the yield curve for the u.s. treasury 2-year note versus the 10-year widened 15 basis points and global equity markets generally increased (with the msci world index up 24% compared with the end of 2018). these conditions contributed to lower client activity, primarily in equities, compared with 2018. if activity levels or volatility continue to decline, or if macroeconomic concerns continue, net revenues in global markets would likely be negatively impacted.
2019 versus 2018. net revenues in global markets were $14.78 billion for 2019, 2% higher than 2018.
net revenues in ficc were $7.39 billion, 6% higher than 2018, due to slightly higher net revenues in ficc intermediation, driven by improved market-making conditions on our inventory, and higher net revenues in ficc financing, reflecting higher net revenues in structured credit financing.
the following provides information about our ficc intermediation net revenues by business, compared with 2018 results:
   net revenues in commodities were significantly higher and interest rate products were higher, reflecting improved market-making conditions on our inventory.
   net revenues in currencies were significantly lower, primarily reflecting challenging market-making conditions on our inventory.
net revenues in equities were $7.39 billion, essentially unchanged compared with 2018. net revenues in equities intermediation were lower, reflecting lower net revenues in derivatives, partially offset by higher net revenues in cash products. this decrease was offset by higher net revenues in equities financing, reflecting improved spreads.
operating expenses were $10.85 billion for 2019, 3% higher than 2018, due to higher net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings and higher expenses for technology (increases primarily in depreciation and amortization and communications and technology), partially offset by decreased compensation and benefits expenses. pre-tax earnings were $3.89 billion for 2019, 2% higher than 2018.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis
2018 versus 2017. net revenues in global markets were $14.44 billion for 2018, 17% higher than 2017.
net revenues in ficc were $6.99 billion, 12% higher than 2017, due to higher net revenues in ficc intermediation, reflecting higher client activity and the impact of improved market-making conditions on our inventory, and ficc financing, reflecting an increase in lending activity.
the following provides information about our ficc intermediation net revenues by business, compared with 2017 results:
   net revenues in currencies were significantly higher, reflecting higher client activity and the impact of improved market-making conditions on our inventory.
   net revenues in commodities were significantly higher, reflecting higher client activity and the impact of improved market-making conditions on our inventory, compared with challenging conditions in 2017.
   net revenues in credit products were higher, reflecting higher client activity, partially offset by the impact of challenging market-making conditions on our inventory.
   net revenues in interest rate products were lower, reflecting lower client activity, partially offset by the impact of improved market-making conditions on our inventory.
   net revenues in mortgages were lower, reflecting the impact of challenging market-making conditions on our inventory.
provision for credit losses was $52 million for 2018, 71% lower than 2017, due to an impairment of approximately $130 million on a secured loan in 2017.
operating expenses were $10.59 billion for 2018, 6% higher than 2017, primarily due to higher net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings, increased compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting improved operating performance, and higher brokerage, clearing, exchange and distribution fees. pre-tax earnings were $3.80 billion for 2018, 78% higher than 2017.
asset management we manage client assets across a broad range of investment strategies and asset classes to a diverse set of institutional clients and a network of third-party distributors around the world, including equity, fixed income and alternative investments. we provide investment solutions including those managed on a fiduciary basis by our portfolio managers, as well as those managed by a variety of third-party managers. we offer our investment solutions in a variety of structures, including separately managed accounts, mutual funds, private partnerships and other comingled vehicles. these solutions begin with identifying clients' objectives and continue through portfolio construction, ongoing asset allocation and risk management and investment realization.
in addition to managing client assets, we invest in alternative investments across a range of asset classes that seek to deliver long-term accretive risk-adjusted returns. our investing activities, which are typically longer term, include investments in public and private equity and debt investments in real estate and infrastructure entities.
asset management generates revenues from the following:
   management and other fees. the majority of revenues in management and other fees consists of asset-based fees on client assets that we manage. for further information about assets under supervision (aus), see "assets under supervision" below. the fees that we charge vary by asset class, distribution channel and the types of services provided, and are affected by investment performance, as well as asset inflows and redemptions.
   incentive fees. in certain circumstances, we also receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund's or a separately managed account's return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. such fees include overrides, which consist of the increased share of the income and gains derived primarily from our private equity and credit funds when the return on a fund's investments over the life of the fund exceeds certain threshold returns. incentive fees are recognized when it is probable that a significant reversal of such fees will not occur.
   equity investments. our alternative investing activities relate to public and private equity investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure entities. we also make investments through consolidated investment entities, substantially all of which are engaged in real estate investment activities.
   lending. we provide financing related to our asset management businesses and invest in debt securities and loans backed by real estate. these activities include investments in mezzanine debt, senior debt and distressed debt securities.
60   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the table below presents the operating results of our asset management segment.
management and other fees              $ 2,600                $ 2,612                $ 2,329
operating expenses                       4,817                  4,179                  3,773
operating environment. higher global equity markets and increased fixed income asset prices contributed positively to our assets under supervision and our global equity and lending investment portfolio within our asset management segment. in the future, if asset prices decline, or investors continue to favor asset classes that typically generate lower fees or investors withdraw their assets, or if macroeconomic concerns negatively impact company-specific events, net revenues in asset management would likely be negatively impacted.
2019 versus 2018. net revenues in asset management were $8.97 billion for 2019, essentially unchanged compared with 2018, reflecting higher net revenues in equity investments, offset by significantly lower incentive fees and lower net revenues in lending. management and other fees were essentially unchanged.
the increase in equity investments net revenues reflected significantly higher net gains from investments in public equities (2019 included $477 million of net gains), partially offset by slightly lower net gains from investments in private equities (2019 included $4.29 billion of net gains, driven by company-specific events, including sales, and corporate performance). for 2019, 50% of the net revenues in equity investments were generated from corporate investments and 50% were generated from real estate.
the decrease in lending net revenues primarily reflected lower net gains from investments in debt instruments. management and other fees reflected the impact of higher average assets under supervision, offset by a lower average effective fee due to shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies.
provision for credit losses was $274 million for 2019, 71% higher than 2018, primarily reflecting higher impairments related to purchased credit impaired (pci) loans.
operating expenses were $4.82 billion for 2019, 15% higher than 2018, primarily due to higher expenses related to consolidated investments and increased compensation and benefits expenses. pre-tax earnings were $3.87 billion for 2019, 14% lower than 2018.
2018 versus 2017. net revenues in asset management were $8.84 billion for 2018, 4% higher than 2017, reflecting higher management and other fees, net revenues in lending and incentive fees, partially offset by slightly lower net revenues in equity investments.
the increase in management and other fees reflected higher average assets under supervision and the impact of the revenue recognition standard, partially offset by shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies. the increase in lending net revenues reflected significantly higher net interest income, partially offset by significantly lower net gains from investments in debt instruments.
the decrease in equity investments net revenues reflected net losses from investments in public equities (2018 included $183 million of net losses) compared with net gains in the prior year, partially offset by significantly higher net gains from investments in private equities (2018 included $4.39 billion of net gains), driven by company-specific events, including sales, and corporate performance. for 2018, 57% of the net revenues in equity investments were generated from corporate investments and 43% were generated from real estate.
provision for credit losses was $160 million for 2018, 50% lower than 2017, primarily reflecting lower impairments related to pci loans.
operating expenses were $4.18 billion for 2018, 11% higher than 2017, primarily due to higher expenses related to consolidated investments and the impact of the revenue recognition standard. pre-tax earnings were $4.50 billion for 2018, essentially unchanged compared with 2017.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis consumer & wealth management consumer & wealth management helps clients achieve their individual financial goals by providing a broad range of wealth advisory and banking services, including financial planning, investment management, deposit taking, and lending. services are offered through our global network of advisors and via our digital platforms.
wealth management. wealth management provides tailored wealth advisory services to clients across the wealth spectrum. we operate globally serving individuals, families, family offices, and select foundations and endowments. our relationships are established directly or introduced through corporations that sponsor financial wellness programs for their employees.
we offer personalized financial planning inclusive of income and liability management, compensation and benefits analysis, trust and estate structuring, tax optimization, philanthropic giving, and asset protection. we also provide customized investment advisory solutions, and offer structuring and execution capabilities in security and derivative products across all major global markets. we leverage a broad, open-architecture investment platform and our global execution capabilities to help clients achieve their investment goals. in addition, we offer clients a full range of private banking services, including a variety of deposit alternatives and loans that our clients use to finance investments in both financial and nonfinancial assets, bridge cash flow timing gaps or provide liquidity and flexibility for other needs.
wealth management generates revenues from the following:
   management and other fees. includes fees related to managing assets, providing investing and wealth advisory solutions, providing financial planning and counseling services via our subsidiary, the ayco company, l.p. and executing brokerage transactions for wealth management clients.
   incentive fees. in certain circumstances, we also receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund's return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. such fees include overrides, which consist of the increased share of the income and gains derived primarily from our private equity and credit funds when the return on a fund's investments over the life of the fund exceeds certain threshold returns. incentive fees are recognized when it is probable that a significant reversal of such fees will not occur.
   private banking and lending. includes interest income allocated to deposit-taking and net interest income earned on lending activities for wealth management clients.
consumer banking. our consumer banking business issues unsecured loans, through marcus and credit cards to finance the purchases of goods or services. we also accept deposits through marcus, primarily through goldman sachs bank usa and goldman sachs international bank, that are used as a source of funding. these deposits include savings and time deposits which provide us with a diversified source of funding that reduces our reliance on wholesale funding.
consumer banking revenues consist of net interest income earned on unsecured loans issued to consumers through marcus and credit card lending activities, and net interest income allocated to consumer deposits.
the table below presents the operating results of our consumer & wealth management segment.
management and other fees              $3,475                $3,282                $3,156
wealth management                       4,339                 4,554                 4,067
operating expenses                      4,545                 4,224                 3,574
operating environment. higher global equity markets and increased fixed income asset prices contributed positively to our assets under supervision within our consumer & wealth management segment. our consumer banking activities continue to reflect increased deposits and loans. in the future, if asset prices decline, or investors continue to favor asset classes that typically generate lower fees or investors withdraw their assets, or if consumers withdraw their deposits or consumer credit deteriorates, net revenues in consumer & wealth management would likely be negatively impacted.
2019 versus 2018. net revenues in consumer & wealth management were $5.20 billion for 2019, essentially unchanged compared with 2018.
net revenues in wealth management were $4.34 billion, 5% lower than 2018, reflecting significantly lower incentive fees and slightly lower net revenues in private banking and lending. these decreases were partially offset by higher management and other fees (including the impact of united capital), reflecting higher average assets under supervision.
62   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis provision for credit losses was $423 million for 2019, 25% higher than 2018, primarily reflecting higher provisions related to credit card loans.
operating expenses were $4.55 billion for 2019, 8% higher than 2018, due to higher expenses related to our credit card activities and the impact of united capital. pre-tax earnings were $235 million for 2019, 61% lower than 2018.
2018 versus 2017. net revenues in consumer & wealth management were $5.17 billion for 2018, 16% higher than 2017.
net revenues in wealth management were $4.55 billion, 12% higher than 2017, primarily reflecting significantly higher incentive fees, as a result of harvesting. in addition, management and other fees were slightly higher, reflecting higher average assets under supervision and the impact of the revenue recognition standard, partially offset by shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies. net revenues in private banking and lending were slightly higher.
provision for credit losses was $338 million for 2018, compared with $123 million for 2017, reflecting higher provisions primarily related to consumer loan growth.
operating expenses were $4.22 billion for 2018, 18% higher than 2017, primarily due to increased compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting improved operating performance, higher expenses related to our digital lending and deposit platform and the impact of the revenue recognition standard. pre-tax earnings were $603 million for 2018, 19% lower than 2017.
assets under supervision assets under supervision includes our institutional clients' assets and assets sourced through third-party distributors (both included in our asset management segment), as well as high-net-worth clients' assets (included in our consumer & wealth management segment), where we earn a fee for managing assets on a discretionary basis. this includes net assets in our mutual funds, hedge funds, credit funds, private equity funds, real estate funds, and separately managed accounts for institutional and individual investors. assets under supervision also include client assets invested with third-party managers, private bank deposits and advisory relationships where we earn a fee for advisory and other services, but do not have investment discretion. assets under supervision do not include the self-directed brokerage assets of our clients.
the table below presents our firmwide period-end assets under supervision by segment, asset class, distribution channel, region and vehicle.
as of december
segment asset management                        $1,298                $1,087                $1,036
consumer &amp; wealth management           561                   455                   458
wealth management                          561                   455                   458
   liquidity products includes money market funds and private bank deposits.
asset classes, such as alternative investment and equity assets, typically generate higher fees relative to fixed income and liquidity product assets. the average effective management fee (which excludes non-asset-based fees) we earned on our firmwide assets under supervision was 32 basis points for 2019, 34 basis points for 2018 and 35 basis points for 2017. these decreases reflected shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies.
we earn management fees on client assets that we manage and also receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund's or a separately managed account's return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. these incentive fees are recognized when it is probable that a significant reversal of such fees will not occur. our unrecognized incentive fees, assuming liquidation at fair value, were $1.63 billion as of december 2019, $1.50 billion as of december 2018 and $2.06 billion as of december 2017. these fees will be recognized, assuming no decline in fair value, if and when it is probable that a significant reversal of such fees will not occur, which is generally when such fees are no longer subject to fluctuations in the market value of the assets of the funds.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the table below presents changes in our assets under supervision.
asset management beginning balance                                 $1,087                $1,036                 $ 966
net market appreciation/(depreciation)                88                   (26   )                57
consumer &amp; wealth management beginning balance                                  $ 455                 $ 458                 $ 413
net market appreciation/(depreciation)                56                   (15   )                29
firmwide beginning balance                                 $1,542                $1,494                $1,379
net market appreciation/(depreciation)               144                   (41   )                86
   total aus net inflows/(outflows) for 2019 included $71 billion of inflows (substantially all in equity and fixed income assets) in connection with the acquisitions of standard &amp; poor's investment advisory services (spias), united capital and rocaton investment advisors (rocaton). spias and rocaton were included in the asset management segment and united capital was included in the consumer &amp; wealth management segment.
   total aus net inflows/(outflows) for 2017 included $23 billion of inflows ($20 billion in long-term aus and $3 billion in liquidity products) in connection with the acquisition of a portion of verus investors' outsourced chief investment officer business (verus acquisition) and $5 billion of equity asset outflows in connection with the divestiture of our local australian-focused investment capabilities and fund platform (australian divestiture). the verus acquisition and australian divestiture were included in the asset management segment.
the table below presents information about our average monthly firmwide assets under supervision.
segment asset management                         $1,182                     $1,050                      $ 979
consumer &amp; wealth management            505                        467                        438
in addition to our assets under supervision, we have discretion over alternative investments where we currently do not earn management fees (non-fee-earning alternative assets).
the table below presents information about our assets under supervision for alternative assets, non-fee-earning  alternative assets and total alternative assets.
$ in billions                      aus          non-fee-earning       total alternative assets alternative assets as of december 2019
as of december 2018
as of december 2017
   total alternative assets included uncalled capital that is available for future investing of $32 billion as of december 2019, $27 billion as of december 2018 and $26 billion as of december 2017.
   non-fee-earning alternative assets primarily includes investments that we hold on our balance sheet, our unfunded commitments, unfunded commitments of our clients (where we do not charge fees on commitments), credit facilities collateralized by fund assets and employee funds. our calculation of non-fee-earning alternative assets may not be comparable to similar calculations used by other companies.
64   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the table below presents information about alternative investments in our asset management segment that we hold on our balance sheet.
$ in billions             loans and debt securities      equity       other assets       total as of december 2019
as of december 2018
as of december 2017
   private equity includes positions which converted to public equity upon the initial public offering of the underlying company of $2 billion as of december 2019, $1 billion as of december 2018 and $2 billion as of december 2017.
   other assets represents investments held by consolidated investment entities (cies), which were funded with liabilities of approximately $9 billion as of december 2019, $6 billion as of december 2018 and $4 billion as of december 2017. substantially all such liabilities were nonrecourse, thereby reducing our equity at risk.
the table below presents information about our equity investments by vintage.
$ in billions        as of december 2019
geographic data see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our total net revenues, pre-tax earnings and net earnings by geographic region.
balance sheet and funding sources balance sheet management one of our risk management disciplines is our ability to manage the size and composition of our balance sheet. while our asset base changes due to client activity, market fluctuations and business opportunities, the size and composition of our balance sheet also reflects factors including (i) our overall risk tolerance, (ii) the amount of equity capital we hold and (iii) our funding profile, among other factors. see "equity capital management and regulatory capital - equity capital management" for information about our equity capital management process.
in order to ensure appropriate risk management, we seek to maintain a sufficiently liquid balance sheet and have processes in place to dynamically manage our assets and liabilities, which include (i) balance sheet planning, (ii) balance sheet limits, (iii) monitoring of key metrics and (iv) scenario analyses.
balance sheet planning. we prepare a balance sheet plan that combines our projected total assets and composition of assets with our expected funding sources over a three-year time horizon. this plan is reviewed quarterly and may be adjusted in response to changing business needs or market conditions. the objectives of this planning process are:
   to develop our balance sheet projections, taking into account the general state of the financial markets and expected business activity levels, as well as regulatory requirements;
   to allow treasury and our independent risk oversight and control functions to objectively evaluate balance sheet limit requests from our revenue-producing units in the context of our overall balance sheet constraints, including our liability profile and equity capital levels, and key metrics; and
   to inform the target amount, tenor and type of funding to raise, based on our projected assets and contractual maturities.
treasury and our independent risk oversight and control functions, along with our revenue-producing units, review current and prior period information and expectations for the year to prepare our balance sheet plan. the specific information reviewed includes asset and liability size and composition, limit utilization, risk and performance measures, and capital usage.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis our consolidated balance sheet plan, including our balance sheets by business, funding projections and projected key metrics, is reviewed and approved by the firmwide asset liability committee and the risk governance committee. see "risk management - overview and structure of risk management" for an overview of our risk management structure.
balance sheet limits. the firmwide asset liability committee and the risk governance committee have the responsibility to review and approve balance sheet limits. these limits are set at levels which are close to actual operating levels, rather than at levels which reflect our maximum risk appetite, in order to ensure prompt escalation and discussion among our revenue-producing units, treasury and our independent risk oversight and control functions on a routine basis. additionally, the risk governance committee sets aged limits for certain financial instruments as a disincentive to hold such positions over longer periods of time. requests for changes in limits are evaluated after giving consideration to their impact on our key metrics. compliance with limits is monitored by our revenue-producing units and treasury, as well as our independent risk oversight and control functions.
monitoring of key metrics. we monitor key balance sheet metrics both by business and on a consolidated basis, including asset and liability size and composition, limit utilization and risk measures. we allocate assets to businesses and review and analyze movements resulting from new business activity, as well as market fluctuations.
scenario analyses. we conduct various scenario analyses including as part of the comprehensive capital analysis and review (ccar) and u.s. dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank act) stress tests (dfast), as well as our resolution and recovery planning. see "equity capital management and regulatory capital - equity capital management" for further information about these scenario analyses. these scenarios cover short- and long-term time horizons using various macroeconomic and firm-specific assumptions, based on a range of economic scenarios. we use these analyses to assist us in developing our longer-term balance sheet management strategy, including the level and composition of assets, funding and equity capital. additionally, these analyses help us develop approaches for maintaining appropriate funding, liquidity and capital across a variety of situations, including a severely stressed environment.
balance sheet analysis and metrics as of december 2019, total assets in our consolidated balance sheets were $992.97 billion, an increase of $61.17 billion from december 2018, primarily reflecting increases in trading assets of $75.14 billion, investments of $16.71 billion, and loans of $11.07 billion, partially offset by a net decrease in collateralized agreements of $52.78 billion. the increase in trading assets primarily reflected higher client activity in government and agency obligations, and equity securities. the increase in investments primarily reflected an increase in u.s. government obligations accounted for as available-for-sale  and held to maturity. the increase in loans primarily reflected an increase in corporate, wealth management, and commercial real estate loans, partially offset by a decrease in residential real estate loans. the net decrease in collateralized agreements primarily reflected the impact of our and our clients' activities.
as of december 2019, total liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets were $902.70 billion, an increase of $61.09 billion from december 2018, primarily reflecting increases in collateralized financings of $40.05 billion and deposits of $31.76 billion, partially offset by a decrease in unsecured borrowings of $9.29 billion. the net increase in collateralized financings primarily reflected our and our clients' activities. the increase in deposits primarily reflected an increase in consumer deposits. the decrease in unsecured borrowings was primarily due to net maturities.
our total repurchase agreements, accounted for as collateralized financings, were $117.76 billion as of december 2019 and $78.72 billion as of december 2018, which were 32% higher as of december 2019 and 1% higher as of december 2018 than the average daily amount of repurchase agreements over the respective quarters, and 40% higher as of december 2019 and 12% lower as of december 2018 than the average daily amount of repurchase agreements over the respective years. as of december 2019, the increase in our repurchase agreements relative to the average daily amount of repurchase agreements during the quarter and year resulted from higher levels of our and our clients' activity at the end of the period.
the level of our repurchase agreements fluctuates between and within periods, primarily due to providing clients with access to highly liquid collateral, such as liquid government and agency obligations, through collateralized financing activities.
66   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the table below presents information about our balance sheet and leverage ratios.
as of december
   the leverage ratio equals total assets divided by total shareholders' equity and measures the proportion of equity and debt we use to finance assets. this ratio is different from the leverage ratios included in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
the table below presents information about our shareholders' equity and book value per common share, including the reconciliation of common shareholders' equity to tangible common shareholders' equity.
as of december
   tangible common shareholders' equity is calculated as total shareholders' equity less preferred stock, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. we believe that tangible common shareholders' equity is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy. tangible common shareholders' equity is a non-gaap measure and may not be comparable to similar non-gaap measures used by other companies.
   book value per common share and tangible book value per common share are based on common shares outstanding and restricted stock units granted to employees with no future service requirements and not subject to performance conditions (collectively, basic shares) of 361.8 million as of december 2019 and 380.9 million as of december 2018. we believe that tangible book value per common share (tangible common shareholders' equity divided by basic shares) is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy. tangible book value per common share is a non-gaap measure and may not be comparable to similar non-gaap measures used by other companies.
funding sources our primary sources of funding are deposits, collateralized financings, unsecured short- and long-term borrowings, and shareholders' equity. we seek to maintain broad and diversified funding sources globally across products, programs, markets, currencies and creditors to avoid funding concentrations.
the table below presents information about our funding sources.
as of december
collateralized financings                 152,018                22%                111,964                18%
our funding is primarily raised in u.s. dollar, euro, british pound and japanese yen. we generally distribute our funding products through our own sales force and third-party distributors to a large, diverse creditor base in a variety of markets in the americas, europe and asia. we believe that our relationships with our creditors are critical to our liquidity. our creditors include banks, governments, securities lenders, corporations, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and individuals. we have imposed various internal guidelines to monitor creditor concentration across our funding programs.
deposits. our deposits provide us with a diversified source of funding and reduce our reliance on wholesale funding. a growing portion of our deposit base consists of consumer deposits. we raise deposits, including savings, demand and time deposits, through internal and third-party broker-dealers, and from consumers and institutional clients, and primarily through goldman sachs bank usa (gs bank usa) and goldman sachs international bank (gsib). see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our deposits.
secured funding. we fund a significant amount of inventory and a portion of investments on a secured basis. secured funding includes collateralized financings in the consolidated balance sheets. we may also pledge our inventory and investments as collateral for securities borrowed under a securities lending agreement. we also use our own inventory and investments to cover transactions in which we or our clients have sold securities that have not yet been purchased. secured funding is less sensitive to changes in our credit quality than unsecured funding, due to our posting of collateral to our lenders. nonetheless, we analyze the refinancing risk of our secured funding activities, taking into account trade tenors, maturity profiles, counterparty concentrations, collateral eligibility and counterparty rollover probabilities. we seek to mitigate our refinancing risk by executing term trades with staggered maturities, diversifying counterparties, raising excess secured funding and pre-funding residual risk through our gcla.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis we seek to raise secured funding with a term appropriate for the liquidity of the assets that are being financed, and we seek longer maturities for secured funding collateralized by asset classes that may be harder to fund on a secured basis, especially during times of market stress. our secured funding, excluding funding collateralized by liquid government and agency obligations, is primarily executed for tenors of one month or greater and is primarily executed through term repurchase agreements and securities loaned contracts.
the weighted average maturity of our secured funding included in collateralized financings in the consolidated balance sheets, excluding funding that can only be collateralized by liquid government and agency obligations, exceeded 120 days as of december 2019.
assets that may be harder to fund on a secured basis during times of market stress include certain financial instruments in the following categories: mortgage and other asset-backed loans and securities, non-investment-grade  corporate debt securities, equity securities and emerging market securities. assets that are classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are generally funded on an unsecured basis. see notes 4 through 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the classification of financial instruments in the fair value hierarchy and "unsecured long-term borrowings" below for further information about the use of unsecured long-term borrowings as a source of funding.
we also raise financing through other types of collateralized financings, such as secured loans and notes. gs bank usa has access to funding from the federal home loan bank. our outstanding borrowings against the federal home loan bank were $527 million as of december 2019 and $528 million as of december 2018.
gs bank usa also has access to funding through the federal reserve bank discount window. while we do not rely on this funding in our liquidity planning and stress testing, we maintain policies and procedures necessary to access this funding and test discount window borrowing procedures.
unsecured short-term borrowings. a significant portion of our unsecured short-term borrowings was originally long-term debt that is scheduled to mature within one year of the reporting date. we use unsecured short-term borrowings, including u.s. and non-u.s. hybrid financial instruments, to finance liquid assets and for other cash management purposes. in light of regulatory developments, group inc. no longer issues debt with an original maturity of less than one year, other than to its subsidiaries. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured short-term borrowings.
unsecured long-term borrowings. unsecured long-term borrowings, including structured notes, are raised through syndicated u.s. registered offerings, u.s. registered and rule 144a medium-term note programs, offshore medium-term note offerings and other debt offerings. we issue in different tenors, currencies and products to maximize the diversification of our investor base.
the table below presents our quarterly unsecured long-term borrowings maturity profile as of december 2019.
the weighted average maturity of our unsecured long-term borrowings as of december 2019 was approximately eight years. to mitigate refinancing risk, we seek to limit the principal amount of debt maturing over the course of any monthly, quarterly or annual time horizon. we enter into interest rate swaps to convert a portion of our unsecured long-term borrowings into floating-rate obligations to manage our exposure to interest rates. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured long-term borrowings.
shareholders' equity. shareholders' equity is a stable and perpetual source of funding. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our shareholders' equity.
68   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis equity capital management and regulatory capital capital adequacy is of critical importance to us. we have in place a comprehensive capital management policy that provides a framework, defines objectives and establishes guidelines to assist us in maintaining the appropriate level and composition of capital in both business-as-usual and stressed conditions.
equity capital management we determine the appropriate amount and composition of our equity capital by considering multiple factors, including our current and future regulatory capital requirements, the results of our capital planning and stress testing process, the results of resolution capital models and other factors, such as rating agency guidelines, subsidiary capital requirements, the business environment and conditions in the financial markets.
we manage our capital requirements and the levels of our capital usage principally by setting limits on the balance sheet and/or limits on risk, in each case at both the firmwide and business levels.
we principally manage the level and composition of our equity capital through issuances and repurchases of our common stock. we may also, from time to time, issue or repurchase our preferred stock, junior subordinated debt issued to trusts, and other subordinated debt or other forms of capital as business conditions warrant. prior to any repurchases, we must receive confirmation that the board of governors of the federal reserve system (frb) does not object to such capital action. see notes 14 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our preferred stock, junior subordinated debt issued to trusts and other subordinated debt.
capital planning and stress testing process. as part of capital planning, we project sources and uses of capital given a range of business environments, including stressed conditions. our stress testing process is designed to identify and measure material risks associated with our business activities, including market risk, credit risk and operational risk, as well as our ability to generate revenues.
our capital planning process incorporates an internal capital adequacy assessment with the objective of ensuring that we are appropriately capitalized relative to the risks in our businesses. we incorporate stress scenarios into our capital planning process with a goal of holding sufficient capital to ensure we remain adequately capitalized after experiencing a severe stress event. our assessment of capital adequacy is viewed in tandem with our assessment of liquidity adequacy and is integrated into our overall risk management structure, governance and policy framework.
our stress tests incorporate our internally designed stress scenarios, including our internally developed severely adverse scenario, and those required under ccar and dfast, and are designed to capture our specific vulnerabilities and risks. we provide further information about our stress test processes and a summary of the results on our website as described in "business - available information" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
as required by the frb's ccar rules, we submit an annual capital plan for review by the frb. the purpose of the frb's review is to ensure that we have a robust, forward-looking capital planning process that accounts for our unique risks and that permits continued operation during times of economic and financial stress.
the frb evaluates us based, in part, on whether we have the capital necessary to continue operating under the baseline and severely adverse scenarios provided by the frb and those developed internally. this evaluation also takes into account our process for identifying risk, our controls and governance for capital planning, and our guidelines for making capital planning decisions. in addition, the frb evaluates our plan to make capital distributions (i.e., dividend payments and repurchases or redemptions of stock, subordinated debt or other capital securities) and issue capital, across the range of macroeconomic scenarios and firm-specific assumptions.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis with respect to our 2019 ccar submission, the frb informed us that it did not object to our capital plan, which includes the return of up to $8.8 billion of capital from the third quarter of 2019 through the second quarter of 2020 (2019 ccar cycle). the capital plan provides for up to $7.0 billion in repurchases of outstanding common stock and $1.8 billion in total common stock dividends, including an increase in our common stock dividend from $0.85 to $1.25 per share in the third quarter of 2019. during the third and fourth quarters of 2019, we returned a total of $3.75 billion of capital, including stock repurchases of $2.83 billion and common stock dividends of $919 million. our stock repurchase amount was less than the authorized amount included in our capital plan submission for the first half of the 2019 ccar cycle. the unutilized amount will be carried forward to the second half of the 2019 ccar cycle. we may elect to execute only a portion or all of our capital actions, based on, among other things, our current and projected capital position, and capital deployment opportunities. our target cet1 capital ratio over the next three years is between 13.0% to 13.5% (including management buffers). this target reflects, among other things, our calculations and our current interpretation of the proposed scb rule and may change when the rule is finalized and implemented. we published a summary of our annual dfast results in june 2019. see "business - available information" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
in october 2019, in accordance with the dfast rules, we submitted our mid-cycle dfast results to the frb and published a summary of the results of our internally developed severely adverse scenario. the frb eliminated the requirement to conduct the mid-cycle dfast beginning in 2020. we are still required to conduct a stress test on an annual basis and publish a summary of the results. the frb also conducts its own annual stress tests and publishes a summary of certain results. see "business - available information" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
gs bank usa has its own capital planning process, but was not required to conduct its annual stress test in 2019.
goldman sachs international (gsi) and gsib also have their own capital planning and stress testing process, which incorporates internally designed stress tests and those required under the prudential regulation authority's (pra) internal capital adequacy assessment process.
contingency capital plan. as part of our comprehensive capital management policy, we maintain a contingency capital plan. our contingency capital plan provides a framework for analyzing and responding to a perceived or actual capital deficiency, including, but not limited to, identification of drivers of a capital deficiency, as well as mitigants and potential actions. it outlines the appropriate communication procedures to follow during a crisis period, including internal dissemination of information, as well as timely communication with external stakeholders.
capital attribution. we assess each of our businesses' capital usage based on our internal assessment of risks, which incorporates an attribution of all of our relevant regulatory capital requirements. these regulatory capital requirements are allocated using our attributed equity framework, which takes into consideration our most binding capital constraints. our most binding capital constraint is based on the results of the frb's annual stress test scenarios which include the standardized risk-based capital and leverage ratios. see "segment assets and operating results - segment operating results" for information about our attributed equity by segment.
share repurchase program. we use our share repurchase program to help maintain the appropriate level of common equity. the repurchase program is effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with rule 10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchases), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by our current and projected capital position and our capital plan submitted to the frb as part of ccar. the amounts and timing of the repurchases may also be influenced by general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock.
on july 15, 2019, the board of directors of group inc. (board) authorized the repurchase of an additional 50 million shares of common stock pursuant to our existing share repurchase program; however, we are only permitted to make repurchases to the extent that such repurchases have not been objected to by the frb. as of december 2019, the remaining share authorization under our existing repurchase program was 57.9 million shares. see "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" in part ii, item 5 of this form 10-k and note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our share repurchase program, and see above for information about our capital planning and stress testing process.
70   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis resolution capital models. in connection with our resolution planning efforts, we have established a resolution capital adequacy and positioning framework, which is designed to ensure that our major subsidiaries (gs bank usa, goldman sachs & co. llc (gs&co.), gsi, gsib, goldman sachs japan co., ltd. (gsjcl), goldman sachs asset management, l.p. and goldman sachs asset management international) have access to sufficient loss-absorbing capacity (in the form of equity, subordinated debt and unsecured senior debt) so that they are able to wind-down following a group inc. bankruptcy filing in accordance with our preferred resolution strategy.
in addition, we have established a triggers and alerts framework, which is designed to provide the board with information needed to make an informed decision on whether and when to commence bankruptcy proceedings for group inc.
rating agency guidelines the credit rating agencies assign credit ratings to the obligations of group inc., which directly issues or guarantees substantially all of our senior unsecured debt obligations. gs&co. and gsi have been assigned long-term and short-term issuer ratings by certain credit rating agencies. gs bank usa and gsib have also been assigned long-term and short-term issuer ratings, as well as ratings on their long-term and short-term bank deposits. in addition, credit rating agencies have assigned ratings to debt obligations of certain other subsidiaries of group inc.
the level and composition of our equity capital are among the many factors considered in determining our credit ratings. each agency has its own definition of eligible capital and methodology for evaluating capital adequacy, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors rather than a single calculation. see "risk management - liquidity risk management - credit ratings" for further information about credit ratings of group inc., gs bank usa, gsib, gs&co. and gsi.
consolidated regulatory capital we are subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements which are calculated in accordance with the regulations of the frb (capital framework). under the capital framework, we are an "advanced approach" banking organization and have been designated as a global systemically important bank (g-sib).
the capital requirements calculated in accordance with the capital framework include the risk-based capital buffers and g-sib surcharge. the risk-based capital buffers, applicable to us for 2019, include the capital conservation buffer of 2.5% and the countercyclical capital buffer, which the frb has set to zero percent. in addition, the g-sib  surcharge applicable to us for 2019 is 2.5% based on 2017 financial data. the g-sib surcharge applicable to us for 2020 is 2.5% based on 2018 financial data and 2.5% for 2021 based on 2019 financial data. the g-sib surcharge and countercyclical buffer in the future may differ due to additional guidance from our regulators and/or positional changes. we expect that our g-sib surcharge will increase to 3% over the next three years. this increase would be effective on january 1 of the year that is one full calendar year after the increased g-sib surcharge is finalized. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios, and the capital framework.
subsidiary capital requirements many of our subsidiaries, including our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to separate regulation and capital requirements of the jurisdictions in which they operate.
bank subsidiaries. gs bank usa is our primary u.s. banking subsidiary and gsib is our primary non-u.s.  banking subsidiary. these entities are subject to regulatory capital requirements. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the regulatory capital requirements of our bank subsidiaries.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis u.s. regulated broker-dealer subsidiaries. gs&co. is our primary u.s. regulated broker-dealer subsidiary and is subject to regulatory capital requirements, including those imposed by the sec and the financial industry regulatory authority, inc. in addition, gs&co. is a registered futures commission merchant and is subject to regulatory capital requirements imposed by the cftc, the chicago mercantile exchange and the national futures association. rule 15c3-1 of the sec and rule 1.17 of the cftc specify uniform minimum net capital requirements, as defined, for their registrants, and also effectively require that a significant part of the registrants' assets be kept in relatively liquid form. gs&co. has elected to calculate its minimum capital requirements in accordance with the "alternative net capital requirement" as permitted by rule 15c3-1.
gs&co. had regulatory net capital, as defined by rule 15c3-1, of $20.88 billion as of december 2019 and $17.45 billion as of december 2018, which exceeded the amount required by $18.15 billion as of december 2019 and $15.00 billion as of december 2018. in addition to its alternative minimum net capital requirements, gs&co. is also required to hold tentative net capital in excess of $1 billion and net capital in excess of $500 million in accordance with the market and credit risk standards of appendix e of rule 15c3-1. gs&co. is also required to notify the sec in the event that its tentative net capital is less than $5 billion. as of both december 2019 and december 2018, gs&co. had tentative net capital and net capital in excess of both the minimum and the notification requirements.
in february 2020, gs&co. made a cash dividend distribution of $4.00 billion to group inc.
gsi, our u.k. broker-dealer, is regulated by the pra and the financial conduct authority (fca). gsi is subject to the capital framework for e.u.-regulated financial institutions prescribed in the e.u. fourth capital requirements directive and the e.u. capital requirements regulation (crr). these capital regulations are largely based on basel iii.
the table below presents gsi's risk-based capital requirements.
as of december
risk-based capital requirements cet1 capital ratio                      8.8%                   8.1%
tier 1 capital ratio                   10.8%                  10.1%
total capital ratio                    13.4%                  12.7%
in the table above, the risk-based capital requirements incorporate capital guidance received from the pra and could change in the future. gsi's future capital requirements may also be impacted by developments, such as the introduction of risk-based capital buffers.
the table below presents information about gsi's risk-based capital ratios.
as of december
risk-based capital and risk-weighted assets (rwas)
cet1 capital                                            $ 24,142                          $ 23,956
tier 1 capital                                          $ 32,442                          $ 32,256
tier 2 capital                                           $ 5,374                           $ 5,377
total capital                                           $ 37,816                          $ 37,633
risk-based capital ratios cet1 capital ratio                                         11.7%                             12.0%
tier 1 capital ratio                                       15.7%                             16.1%
total capital ratio                                        18.3%                             18.8%
in the table above, cet1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital as of december 2019 excluded gsi's undistributed profits from december 1, 2018 through december 31, 2019, which may be distributed as dividends in the future by gsi, subject to approval by the board of directors of gsi.
in november 2016, the european commission proposed amendments to the crr to implement a 3% leverage ratio requirement for certain e.u. financial institutions. this leverage ratio compares the crr's definition of tier 1 capital to a measure of leverage exposure, defined as the sum of certain assets plus certain off-balance-sheet  exposures (which include a measure of derivatives, securities financing transactions, commitments and guarantees), less tier 1 capital deductions. the required leverage ratio is expected to become effective for gsi on june 28, 2021. gsi had a leverage ratio of 4.6% as of december 2019 and 4.4% as of december 2018. gsi's leverage ratio as of december 2019 excluded gsi's undistributed profits from december 1, 2018 through december 31, 2019, which may be distributed as dividends in the future by gsi, subject to approval by the board of directors of gsi. this leverage ratio is based on our current interpretation and understanding of this rule and may evolve as we discuss the interpretation and application of this rule with gsi's regulators.
72   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis gsi is also subject to a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities issued to affiliates. this requirement is subject to a transitional period which began to phase in from january 1, 2019 and will become fully effective on january 1, 2022. as of december 2019, gsi was in compliance with this requirement.
gsjcl, our japanese broker-dealer, is regulated by japan's financial services agency. gsjcl and certain other non-u.s. subsidiaries are also subject to capital requirements promulgated by authorities of the countries in which they operate. as of both december 2019 and december 2018, these subsidiaries were in compliance with their local capital requirements.
regulatory matters and other developments regulatory matters our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and supervision worldwide. regulations have been adopted or are being considered by regulators and policy makers worldwide. given that many of the new and proposed rules are highly complex, the full impact of regulatory reform will not be known until the rules are implemented and market practices develop under the final regulations.
see "business - regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k for further information about the laws, rules and regulations and proposed laws, rules and regulations that apply to us and our operations.
the table below presents tlac and external long-term debt requirements.
external long-term debt to rwas                        8.5%
external long-term debt to leverage exposure           4.5%
   the tlac to rwas requirement includes (i) the 18% minimum, (ii) the 2.5% buffer, (iii) the 1.5% g-sib surcharge (method 1) and (iv) the countercyclical capital buffer, which the frb has set to zero percent.
   the external long-term debt to rwas requirement includes (i) the 6% minimum and (ii) the 2.5% g-sib surcharge (method 2).
   the external long-term debt to total leverage exposure is the 4.5% minimum.
the table below presents information about our tlac and external long-term debt ratios.
as of december
external long-term debt                              $ 141,770                   $ 160,493
external long-term debt to rwas                          25.2%                       28.8%
external long-term debt to leverage exposure             10.3%                       12.0%
   tlac includes common and preferred stock, and eligible long-term debt issued by group inc. eligible long-term debt represents unsecured debt, which has a remaining maturity of at least one year and satisfies additional requirements.
   external long-term debt consists of eligible long-term debt subject to a haircut if it is due to be paid between one and two years.
   rwas represent standardized rwas as of december 2019 and advanced rwas as of december 2018. in accordance with the tlac rules, the higher of advanced or standardized rwas are used in the calculation of tlac and external long-term debt ratios and applicable requirements.
   leverage exposure consists of average adjusted total assets and certain off-balance-sheet exposures.
see "business - regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k for further information about tlac.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis other developments brexit. in march 2017, the u.k. government commenced the formal proceedings to withdraw from the e.u. the e.u. and the u.k. agreed to a withdrawal agreement (the withdrawal agreement), which became effective on january 31, 2020. the transition period under the withdrawal agreement will last until the end of december 2020 to allow the two sides to negotiate a future trade agreement. during the transition period, the u.k. will be treated as if it were a member state of the e.u. and therefore the existing arrangements between the u.k. and the e.u. will not change. the withdrawal agreement provides for the possibility of an extension of the transition period for either one or two more years. however, the u.k. has pledged not to extend the transition period beyond december 31, 2020.
based upon the existing non-e.u. country equivalence regimes, the e.u. and the u.k. have agreed to complete their assessments of equivalence by the end of june 2020. there is significant uncertainty as to whether the outcome of those assessments will be published before the end of the transition period, and whether u.k. firms can rely upon the availability of equivalence in their post-transition planning. we continue to prepare for a scenario where the u.k. financial services firms will lose access to e.u. markets on december 31, 2020 (a "hard" brexit) while ensuring we remain flexible and well positioned to allow our clients to benefit from any more favorable scenarios. our planning also recognizes that after the end of the transition period, we can rely on a degree of continuing access for our u.k. entities pursuant to national cross-border access regimes in certain jurisdictions (for example, based on specific licenses or exemptions).
in a hard brexit scenario or as otherwise necessary, our plan is to service our e.u. client base in the following manner:
   our german bank subsidiary, goldman sachs bank europe se (gsbe), will act as our main operating subsidiary in the e.u. and will assume certain functions that can no longer be efficiently and effectively performed by our u.k. operating subsidiaries, including gsi, gsib and gsami. for clients in jurisdictions which do not benefit from a specific "permissive" regime, we will actively work with those clients to plan the most appropriate timeline for any required migration of their business to gsbe in an orderly fashion which may be required before the end of the transition period.
   we have set up branches of gsbe in a number of jurisdictions in the e.u. to enable investment banking, global markets and consumer &amp; wealth management personnel to be situated in our offices in those countries.
   a meaningful portion of our global markets and investment banking clients are classified as professionals or eligible counterparties in specific jurisdictions and may choose to continue being serviced by, and to continue to transact with, the u.k. service providers and entities under domestic arrangements provided by individual member states (licenses or exemptions). we expect to continue providing products and services in this manner to the extent that clients prefer such coverage and it is available. such clients could continue to face gsi and we have applied for the applicable cross-border licenses and exemptions for gsi where these are available. we also plan to have authorized third-country branches of gsi in the e.u. which will be used for our global markets business with domestic clients in the jurisdictions in which those branches are authorized.
   we intend to use goldman sachs paris inc. et cie (gspic) as our primary broker-dealer entity for e.u. clients primarily to conduct certain activities that gsbe may be prevented from undertaking (such as activities related to physical commodities and related products).
   the internal infrastructure build-out and external connectivity to financial market infrastructure required for the new e.u. entities is complete. gsbe is connected and operational with e.u. exchange, clearing and settlement platforms.
   gsbe has been assigned a credit rating of a/f1 by fitch, inc. (fitch), a1/p-1 by moody's investors service (moody's) and a+/a-1 by standard &amp; poor's ratings services (s&amp;p), which are consistent with those issued to gsi.
   in order to service our asset management clients, we have received approval from the irish financial regulator, the central bank of ireland, for a collective investment fund and alternative investment fund manager in ireland, to replace the similar existing london-based alternative investment fund manager, which will lose its e.u. passport post-brexit.
   headcount in our e.u. offices has increased over the course of 2019, with further roles expected to transition into the e.u. under our current planning assumptions.
   we have developed additional real estate capacity in frankfurt, stockholm, milan and dublin and are sourcing further real estate capacity in paris.
74   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis replacement of interbank offered rates (ibors), including libor. central banks and regulators in a number of major jurisdictions (for example, u.s., u.k., e.u., switzerland and japan) have convened working groups to find, and implement the transition to, suitable replacements for ibors. the u.k. fca, which regulates libor, has announced that it will not compel panel banks to contribute to libor after 2021.
market-led working groups in major jurisdictions, noted above, have already selected their preferred alternative risk-free reference rates and have published and are expected to continue to publish consultations on issues, including methodologies for fallback provisions in contracts and financial instruments linked to ibors and the development of term structures for alternative risk-free reference rates, which will be critical for financial markets to transition to the use of alternative risk-free reference rates in place of ibors.
we have exposure to ibors, including in financial instruments and contracts that mature after 2021. our exposures arise from securities and loans we hold for investment or in connection with market-making activities, as well as derivatives we enter into to make markets for our clients and hedge our risks. we also have exposure to ibors in the floating-rate securities and other funding products we issue.
we are seeking to facilitate an orderly transition from ibors to alternative risk-free reference rates for us and our clients. accordingly, we have created a program that focuses on:
   evaluating and monitoring the impacts across our businesses, including transactions and products;
   identifying and evaluating the scope of existing financial instruments and contracts that may be affected, and the extent to which those financial instruments and contracts already contain appropriate fallback language or would require amendment, either through bilateral negotiation or using industry-wide tools, such as protocols;
   enhancements to infrastructure (for example, models and systems) to prepare for a smooth transition to alternative risk-free reference rates;
   active participation in central bank and sector working groups, including responding to industry consultations; and
as part of this program, we have sought to systematically identify the risks inherent in this transition, including financial risks (for example, earnings volatility under stress due to widening swap spreads and the loss of funding sources as a result of counterparties' reluctance to participate in transitioning their positions) and nonfinancial risks (for example, the inability to negotiate fallbacks with clients and/or counterparties, the potential for disputes relating to the interpretation and implementation of fallback provision and operational impediments to the transition). we are engaged with a range of industry and regulatory working groups (for example, isda, the bank of england's working group on sterling risk-free reference rates and the federal reserve's alternative reference rates committee) and will continue to engage with our clients and counterparties to facilitate an orderly transition to alternative risk-free reference rates.
the markets for alternative risk-free reference rates continue to develop and as they develop we expect to transition to these alternative risk-free reference rates. where liquidity allows, we have begun this transition. in particular, during 2019 we have:
   issued debt and deposits linked to the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) and sterling overnight index average (sonia), as well as preferred stock with the rate reset based on 5-year u.s. treasury rates.
   executed sofr- and sonia-based derivative contracts to make markets and facilitate client activities.
   executed transactions in the market to reduce our libor exposures arising from hedges to our fixed-rate debt issuances and replace with alternative risk-free reference rates exposures.
off-balance-sheet arrangements and contractual obligations off-balance-sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, we enter into various types of off-balance-sheet arrangements. our involvement in these arrangements can take many different forms, including:
   providing guarantees, indemnifications, commitments, letters of credit and representations and warranties.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis we enter into these arrangements for a variety of business purposes, including securitizations. the securitization vehicles that purchase mortgages, corporate bonds, and other types of financial assets are critical to the functioning of several significant investor markets, including the mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities markets, since they offer investors access to specific cash flows and risks created through the securitization process.
we also enter into these arrangements to underwrite client securitization transactions; provide secondary market liquidity; make investments in performing and nonperforming debt, distressed loans, power-related assets, equity securities, real estate and other assets; provide investors with credit-linked and asset-repackaged notes; and receive or provide letters of credit to satisfy margin requirements and to facilitate the clearance and settlement process.
the table below presents where information about our various off-balance-sheet arrangements may be found in this form 10-k. in addition, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about our consolidation policies.
off-balance-sheet arrangement                                                                                                                                      disclosure in form 10-k variable interests and other obligations, including contingent obligations, arising from variable interests in nonconsolidated variable interest entities (vies)   see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
guarantees, letters of credit, and lending and other commitments                                                                                                   see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
derivatives                                                                                                                                                        see "risk management - credit risk management - credit exposures - otc derivatives" and notes 4, 5, 7 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
contractual obligations we have certain contractual obligations which require us to make future cash payments. these contractual obligations include our time deposits, secured long-term financings, unsecured long-term borrowings, interest payments and operating lease payments.
our obligations to make future cash payments also include our commitments and guarantees related to off-balance-sheet arrangements, which are excluded from the table below. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about such commitments and guarantees.
due to the uncertainty of the timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits has been excluded from the table below. see note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unrecognized tax benefits.
as of december
operating lease payments           $ 3,980                   $ 2,399
as of december 2019
operating lease payments          $ 384                      $ 576                     $ 454                         $ 2,566
   obligations maturing within one year of our financial statement date or redeemable within one year of our financial statement date at the option of the holders are excluded as they are treated as short-term obligations. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our short-term borrowings.
   obligations that are repayable prior to maturity at our option are reflected at their contractual maturity dates and obligations that are redeemable prior to maturity at the option of the holders are reflected at the earliest dates such options become exercisable.
   as of december 2019, unsecured long-term borrowings had maturities extending through 2067, consisted principally of senior borrowings, and included $7.69 billion of adjustments to the carrying value of certain unsecured long-term borrowings resulting from the application of hedge accounting. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured long-term borrowings.
   as of december 2019, the difference between the aggregate contractual principal amount and the related fair value of long-term other secured financings for which the fair value option was elected was not material.
   as of december 2019, the fair value of unsecured long-term borrowings for which the fair value option was elected exceeded the aggregate contractual principal amount by $199 million.
   interest payments represents estimated future contractual interest payments related to unsecured long-term borrowings, secured long-term financings and time deposits based on applicable interest rates as of december 2019, and includes stated coupons, if any, on structured notes.
76   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis
   operating lease payments include lease commitments for office space that expire on various dates through 2069. certain agreements are subject to periodic escalation provisions for increases in real estate taxes and other charges. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our operating lease liabilities.
risk management risks are inherent in our businesses and include liquidity, market, credit, operational, model, legal, compliance, conduct, regulatory and reputational risks. our risks include the risks across our risk categories, regions or global businesses, as well as those which have uncertain outcomes and have the potential to materially impact our financial results, our liquidity and our reputation. for further information about our risk management processes, see "overview and structure of risk management" and for information about our areas of risk, see "liquidity risk management," "market risk management," "credit risk management," "operational risk management" and "model risk management" and "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
overview and structure of risk management overview we believe that effective risk management is critical to our success. accordingly, we have established an enterprise risk management framework that employs a comprehensive, integrated approach to risk management, and is designed to enable comprehensive risk management processes through which we identify, assess, monitor and manage the risks we assume in conducting our activities. our risk management structure is built around three core components: governance, processes and people.
governance. risk management governance starts with the board, which both directly and through its committees, including its risk committee, oversees our risk management policies and practices implemented through the enterprise risk management framework. the board is also responsible for the annual review and approval of our risk appetite statement. the risk appetite statement describes the levels and types of risk we are willing to accept or to avoid, in order to achieve our objectives included in our strategic business plan, while remaining in compliance with regulatory requirements. the board reviews our strategic business plan and is ultimately responsible for overseeing and providing direction about our strategy and risk appetite.
the board receives regular briefings on firmwide risks, including liquidity risk, market risk, credit risk, operational risk and model risk from our independent risk oversight and control functions, including the chief risk officer, and on compliance risk and conduct risk from the head of compliance, on legal and regulatory matters from the general counsel, and on other matters impacting our reputation from the chair of our firmwide client and business standards committee and our firmwide reputational risk committee. the chief risk officer reports to our chief executive officer and to the risk committee of the board. as part of the review of the firmwide risk portfolio, the chief risk officer regularly advises the risk committee of the board of relevant risk metrics and material exposures, including risk limits and thresholds established in our risk appetite statement.
the implementation of our risk governance structure and core risk management processes are overseen by enterprise risk, which reports to our chief risk officer, and is responsible for ensuring that our enterprise risk management framework provides the board, our risk committees and senior management with a consistent and integrated approach to managing our various risks in a manner consistent with our risk appetite.
our revenue-producing units, as well as treasury, engineering, human capital management, operations and services, are considered our first line of defense. they are accountable for the outcomes of our risk-generating activities, as well as for assessing and managing those risks within our risk appetite.
our independent risk oversight and control functions are considered our second line of defense and provide independent assessment, oversight and challenge of the risks taken by our first line of defense, as well as lead and participate in risk committees. independent risk oversight and control functions include compliance, conflicts resolution, controllers, credit risk, enterprise risk, legal, liquidity risk, market risk, model risk, operational risk and tax.
internal audit is considered our third line of defense and reports to the audit committee of the board and administratively to our chief executive officer. internal audit includes professionals with a broad range of audit and industry experience, including risk management expertise. internal audit is responsible for independently assessing and validating the effectiveness of key controls, including those within the risk management framework, and providing timely reporting to the audit committee of the board, senior management and regulators.
the three lines of defense structure promotes the accountability of first line risk takers, provides a framework for effective challenge by the second line and empowers independent review from the third line.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis processes. we maintain various processes that are critical components of our risk management framework, including (i) risk identification and assessment, (ii) risk appetite, limit and threshold setting, (iii) risk reporting and monitoring, and (iv) risk decision-making.
   risk identification and assessment. we believe that the identification and assessment of our risks is a critical step in providing our board and senior management transparency and insight into the range and materiality of our risks. we have a comprehensive data collection process, including firmwide policies and procedures that require all employees to report and escalate risk events. our approach for risk identification and assessment is comprehensive across all risk types, is dynamic and forward-looking to reflect and adapt to our changing risk profile and business environment, leverages subject matter expertise, and allows for prioritization of our most critical risks.
to effectively assess our risks, we maintain a daily discipline of marking substantially all of our inventory to current market levels. we carry our inventory at fair value, with changes in valuation reflected immediately in our risk management systems and in net revenues. we do so because we believe this discipline is one of the most effective tools for assessing and managing risk and that it provides transparent and realistic insight into our inventory exposures.
an important part of our risk management process is firmwide stress testing. it allows us to quantify our exposure to tail risks, highlight potential loss concentrations, undertake risk/reward analysis, and assess and mitigate our risk positions. firmwide stress tests are performed on a regular basis and are designed to ensure a comprehensive analysis of our vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks combining financial and nonfinancial risks, including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity and funding, operational and compliance, strategic, systemic and emerging risks into a single combined scenario. we also perform ad hoc stress tests in anticipation of market events or conditions. stress tests are also used to assess capital adequacy as part of our capital planning and stress testing process. see "equity capital management and regulatory capital - equity capital management" for further information.
   risk appetite, limit and threshold setting. we apply a rigorous framework of limits and thresholds to control and monitor risk across transactions, products, businesses and markets. the board, directly or indirectly through its risk committee, approves limits and thresholds included in our risk appetite statement at firmwide, business and product levels. in addition, the firmwide enterprise risk committee is responsible for approving our risk limits framework, subject to the overall limits approved by the risk committee of the board, and monitoring these limits.
the risk governance committee is responsible for approving limits at firmwide, business and product levels. certain limits may be set at levels that will require periodic adjustment, rather than at levels that reflect our maximum risk appetite. this fosters an ongoing dialogue about risk among our first and second lines of defense, committees and senior management, as well as rapid escalation of risk-related matters. additionally, through delegated authority from the risk governance committee, market risk sets limits at certain product and desk levels, and credit risk sets limits for individual counterparties, counterparties and their subsidiaries, industries and countries. limits are reviewed regularly and amended on a permanent or temporary basis to reflect changing market conditions, business conditions or risk tolerance.
   risk reporting and monitoring. effective risk reporting and risk decision-making depends on our ability to get the right information to the right people at the right time. as such, we focus on the rigor and effectiveness of our risk systems, with the objective of ensuring that our risk management technology systems provide us with complete, accurate and timely information. our risk reporting and monitoring processes are designed to take into account information about both existing and emerging risks, thereby enabling our risk committees and senior management to perform their responsibilities with the appropriate level of insight into risk exposures. furthermore, our limit and threshold breach processes provide means for timely escalation. we evaluate changes in our risk profile and our businesses, including changes in business mix or jurisdictions in which we operate, by monitoring risk factors at a firmwide level.
78   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis
   risk decision-making. our governance structure provides the protocol and responsibility for decision-making on risk management issues and ensures implementation of those decisions. we make extensive use of risk committees that meet regularly and serve as an important means to facilitate and foster ongoing discussions to manage and mitigate risks.
we maintain strong and proactive communication about risk and we have a culture of collaboration in decision-making among our first and second lines of defense, committees and senior management. while our first line of defense is responsible for management of their risk, we dedicate extensive resources to our second line of defense in order to ensure a strong oversight structure and an appropriate segregation of duties. we regularly reinforce our strong culture of escalation and accountability across all functions.
people.  even the best technology serves only as a tool for helping to make informed decisions in real time about the risks we are taking. ultimately, effective risk management requires our people to interpret our risk data on an ongoing and timely basis and adjust risk positions accordingly. the experience of our professionals, and their understanding of the nuances and limitations of each risk measure, guides us in assessing exposures and maintaining them within prudent levels.
we reinforce a culture of effective risk management, consistent with our risk appetite, in our training and development programs, as well as in the way we evaluate performance, and recognize and reward our people. our training and development programs, including certain sessions led by our most senior leaders, are focused on the importance of risk management, client relationships and reputational excellence. as part of our annual performance review process, we assess reputational excellence, including how an employee exercises good risk management and reputational judgment, and adheres to our code of conduct and compliance policies. our review and reward processes are designed to communicate and reinforce to our professionals the link between behavior and how people are recognized, the need to focus on our clients and our reputation, and the need to always act in accordance with our highest standards.
structure ultimate oversight of risk is the responsibility of our board. the board oversees risk both directly and through its committees, including its risk committee. we have a series of committees with specific risk management mandates that have oversight or decision-making responsibilities for risk management activities. committee membership generally consists of senior managers from both our first and second lines of defense. we have established procedures for these committees to ensure that appropriate information barriers are in place. our primary risk committees, most of which also have additional sub-committees or working groups, are described below. in addition to these committees, we have other risk committees that provide oversight for different businesses, activities, products, regions and entities. all of our committees have responsibility for considering the impact of transactions and activities, which they oversee, on our reputation.
membership of our risk committees is reviewed regularly and updated to reflect changes in the responsibilities of the committee members. accordingly, the length of time that members serve on the respective committees varies as determined by the committee chairs and based on the responsibilities of the members.
the chart below presents an overview of our risk management governance structure.
management committee. the management committee oversees our global activities. it provides this oversight directly and through authority delegated to committees it has established. this committee consists of our most senior leaders, and is chaired by our chief executive officer. most members of the management committee are also members of other committees. the following are the committees that are principally involved in firmwide risk management.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis firmwide enterprise risk committee. the firmwide enterprise risk committee is responsible for overseeing all of our financial and nonfinancial risks. as a part of such oversight, the committee is responsible for the ongoing review, approval and monitoring of our enterprise risk management framework, as well as our risk limits framework. this committee is co-chaired by our chief financial officer and our chief risk officer, who are appointed as chairs by our chief executive officer, and reports to the management committee. the following are the primary committees that report to the firmwide enterprise risk committee:
   firmwide risk committee. the firmwide risk committee is responsible for the ongoing monitoring of relevant financial risks and related risk limits at the firmwide, business and product levels. this committee is co-chaired by the chairs of the firmwide enterprise risk committee.
   firmwide new activity committee. the firmwide new activity committee is responsible for reviewing new activities and for establishing a process to identify and review previously approved activities that are significant and that have changed in complexity and/or structure or present different reputational and suitability concerns over time to consider whether these activities remain appropriate. this committee is co-chaired by the controller and chief accounting officer, and the head of operations and engineering for the global markets division, who are appointed as chairs by the chairs of the firmwide enterprise risk committee.
   firmwide resilience and operational risk committee. the firmwide resilience and operational risk committee is globally responsible for overseeing operational risk, and for ensuring our business and operational resilience. to assist the firmwide resilience and operational risk committee in carrying out its mandate, other risk committees with dedicated oversight for technology-related risks, including cyber security matters, report into the firmwide resilience and operational risk committee. this committee is co-chaired by our chief administrative officer and deputy chief risk officer, who are appointed as chairs by the chairs of the firmwide enterprise risk committee.
   firmwide conduct committee. the firmwide conduct committee is globally responsible for the ongoing approval and monitoring of the frameworks and policies which govern our conduct risks. conduct risk is the risk that our people fail to act in a manner consistent with our business principles and related core values, policies or codes, or applicable laws or regulations, thereby falling short in fulfilling their responsibilities to us, our clients, colleagues, other market participants or the broader community. the co-chairs of this committee are appointed by the chairs of the firmwide enterprise risk committee.
   risk governance committee. the risk governance committee (through delegated authority from the firmwide enterprise risk committee) is responsible for the ongoing approval and monitoring of risk frameworks and policies related to our core risk management processes, as well as limits, at firmwide, business and product levels. in addition, this committee reviews the results of stress tests and scenario analyses. to assist the risk governance committee in carrying out its mandate, a number of other risk committees with dedicated oversight for stress testing, model risks and volcker rule compliance report into the risk governance committee. this committee is chaired by our chief risk officer, who is appointed as chair by the chairs of the firmwide enterprise risk committee.
firmwide client and business standards committee. the firmwide client and business standards committee is responsible for overseeing relationships with our clients, client service and experience, and related business standards, as well as client-related reputational matters. this committee is chaired by our president and chief operating officer, who is appointed as chair by the chief executive officer, and reports to the management committee. this committee periodically provides updates to, and receives guidance from, the public responsibilities committee of the board.
80   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following committees report jointly to the firmwide enterprise risk committee and the firmwide client and business standards committee:
   firmwide reputational risk committee. the firmwide reputational risk committee is responsible for assessing reputational risks arising from transactions that have been identified as having potential heightened reputational risk pursuant to the criteria established by the firmwide reputational risk committee. this committee is chaired by our president and chief operating officer, and the vice-chairs are the chair of compliance and the head of conflicts resolution, who are appointed as vice-chairs by the chair of the firmwide reputational risk committee. this committee periodically provides updates to, and receives guidance from, the public responsibilities committee of the board.
   firmwide suitability committee. the firmwide suitability committee is responsible for setting standards and policies for product, transaction and client suitability and providing a forum for consistency across functions, regions and products on suitability assessments. this committee also reviews suitability matters escalated from other committees. this committee is co-chaired by the head of compliance, and the co-head of emea ficc sales, who are appointed as chairs by the chair of the firmwide client and business standards committee.
   firmwide investment policy committee. the firmwide investment policy committee reviews, approves, sets policies, and provides oversight for certain illiquid principal investments, including review of risk management and controls for these types of investments. this committee is co-chaired by the chairman of our merchant banking division, the head of our merchant banking division and the chief risk officer, who are appointed as chairs by our president and chief operating officer and our chief financial officer.
   firmwide capital committee. the firmwide capital committee provides approval and oversight of debt-related transactions, including principal commitments of our capital. this committee aims to ensure that business, reputational and suitability standards for underwritings and capital commitments are maintained on a global basis. this committee is co-chaired by the head of credit risk and a co-head of the financing group, who are appointed as chairs by the chairs of the firmwide enterprise risk committee.
   firmwide commitments committee. the firmwide commitments committee reviews our underwriting and distribution activities with respect to equity and equity-related product offerings, and sets and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure that legal, reputational, regulatory and business standards are maintained on a global basis. in addition to reviewing specific transactions, this committee periodically conducts general strategic reviews of sectors and products and establishes policies in connection with transaction practices. this committee is co-chaired by the co-head of the industrials group in our investment banking division, the chief debt underwriting officer for emea, and a managing director in our investment banking division, who are appointed as chairs by the chair of the firmwide client and business standards committee.
firmwide asset liability committee. the firmwide asset liability committee reviews and approves the strategic direction for our financial resources, including capital, liquidity, funding and balance sheet. this committee has oversight responsibility for asset liability management, including interest rate and currency risk, funds transfer pricing, capital allocation and incentives, and credit ratings. this committee makes recommendations as to any adjustments to asset liability management and financial resource allocation in light of current events, risks, exposures, and regulatory requirements and approves related policies. this committee is co-chaired by our chief financial officer and our global treasurer, who are appointed as chairs by our chief executive officer, and reports to the management committee.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis conflicts management conflicts of interest and our approach to dealing with them are fundamental to our client relationships, our reputation and our long-term success. the term "conflict of interest" does not have a universally accepted meaning, and conflicts can arise in many forms within a business or between businesses. the responsibility for identifying potential conflicts, as well as complying with our policies and procedures, is shared by all of our employees.
we have a multilayered approach to resolving conflicts and addressing reputational risk. our senior management oversees policies related to conflicts resolution, and, in conjunction with conflicts resolution, legal and compliance, the firmwide client and business standards committee, and other internal committees, formulates policies, standards and principles, and assists in making judgments regarding the appropriate resolution of particular conflicts. resolving potential conflicts necessarily depends on the facts and circumstances of a particular situation and the application of experienced and informed judgment.
as a general matter, conflicts resolution reviews financing and advisory assignments in investment banking and certain of our investing, lending and other activities. in addition, we have various transaction oversight committees, such as the firmwide capital, commitments and suitability committees and other committees that also review new underwritings, loans, investments and structured products. these groups and committees work with internal and external counsel and compliance to evaluate and address any actual or potential conflicts. conflicts resolution reports to our president and chief operating officer. we regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest in an effort to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
compliance risk management compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or damage to our reputation arising from our failure to comply with the requirements of applicable laws, rules and regulations, and our internal policies and procedures. compliance risk is inherent in all activities through which we conduct our businesses. our compliance risk management program, administered by compliance, assesses our compliance, regulatory and reputational risk; monitors for compliance with new or amended laws, rules and regulations; designs and implements controls, policies, procedures and training; conducts independent testing; investigates, surveils and monitors for compliance risks and breaches; and leads our responses to regulatory examinations, audits and inquiries. we monitor and review business practices to assess whether they meet or exceed minimum regulatory and legal standards in all markets and jurisdictions in which we conduct business.
liquidity risk management overview liquidity risk is the risk that we will be unable to fund ourselves or meet our liquidity needs in the event of firm-specific, broader industry or market liquidity stress events. we have in place a comprehensive and conservative set of liquidity and funding policies. our principal objective is to be able to fund ourselves and to enable our core businesses to continue to serve clients and generate revenues, even under adverse circumstances.
treasury, which reports to our chief financial officer, has primary responsibility for developing, managing and executing our liquidity and funding strategy within our risk appetite.
liquidity risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units and treasury, and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our liquidity risk through firmwide oversight across our global businesses and the establishment of stress testing and limits frameworks.
liquidity risk management principles we manage liquidity risk according to three principles: (i) hold sufficient excess liquidity in the form of gcla to cover outflows during a stressed period, (ii) maintain appropriate asset-liability management and (iii) maintain a viable contingency funding plan.
gcla. gcla is liquidity that we maintain to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. a primary liquidity principle is to pre-fund our estimated potential cash and collateral needs during a liquidity crisis and hold this liquidity in the form of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash. we believe that the securities held in our gcla would be readily convertible to cash in a matter of days, through liquidation, by entering into repurchase agreements or from maturities of resale agreements, and that this cash would allow us to meet immediate obligations without needing to sell other assets or depend on additional funding from credit-sensitive markets.
   the first days or weeks of a liquidity crisis are the most critical to a company's survival;
   focus must be maintained on all potential cash and collateral outflows, not just disruptions to financing flows. our businesses are diverse, and our liquidity needs are determined by many factors, including market movements, collateral requirements and client commitments, all of which can change dramatically in a difficult funding environment;
82   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis
   during a liquidity crisis, credit-sensitive funding, including unsecured debt, certain deposits and some types of secured financing agreements, may be unavailable, and the terms (e.g., interest rates, collateral provisions and tenor) or availability of other types of secured financing may change and certain deposits may be withdrawn; and
   as a result of our policy to pre-fund liquidity that we estimate may be needed in a crisis, we hold more unencumbered securities and have larger funding balances than our businesses would otherwise require. we believe that our liquidity is stronger with greater balances of highly liquid unencumbered securities, even though it increases our total assets and our funding costs.
we maintain our gcla across group inc., goldman sachs funding llc (funding ihc) and group inc.'s major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries, asset types and clearing agents to provide us with sufficient operating liquidity to ensure timely settlement in all major markets, even in a difficult funding environment. in addition to the gcla, we maintain cash balances and securities in several of our other entities, primarily for use in specific currencies, entities or jurisdictions where we do not have immediate access to parent company liquidity.
asset-liability management. our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. we manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products and counterparties, and seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets.
our approach to asset-liability management includes:
   conservatively managing the overall characteristics of our funding book, with a focus on maintaining long-term, diversified sources of funding in excess of our current requirements. see "balance sheet and funding sources - funding sources" for further information;
   actively managing and monitoring our asset base, with particular focus on the liquidity, holding period and our ability to fund assets on a secured basis. we assess our funding requirements and our ability to liquidate assets in a stressed environment while appropriately managing risk. this enables us to determine the most appropriate funding products and tenors. see "balance sheet and funding sources - balance sheet management" for further information about our balance sheet management process and "- funding sources - secured funding" for further information about asset classes that may be harder to fund on a secured basis; and
   raising secured and unsecured financing that has a long tenor relative to the liquidity profile of our assets. this reduces the risk that our liabilities will come due in advance of our ability to generate liquidity from the sale of our assets. because we maintain a highly liquid balance sheet, the holding period of certain of our assets may be materially shorter than their contractual maturity dates.
our goal is to ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity to fund our assets and meet our contractual and contingent obligations in normal times, as well as during periods of market stress. through our dynamic balance sheet management process, we use actual and projected asset balances to determine secured and unsecured funding requirements. funding plans are reviewed and approved by the firmwide asset liability committee. in addition, our independent risk oversight and control functions analyze, and the firmwide asset liability committee reviews, our consolidated total capital position (unsecured long-term borrowings plus total shareholders' equity) so that we maintain a level of long-term funding that is sufficient to meet our long-term financing requirements. in a liquidity crisis, we would first use our gcla in order to avoid reliance on asset sales (other than our gcla). however, we recognize that orderly asset sales may be prudent or necessary in a severe or persistent liquidity crisis.
subsidiary funding policies the majority of our unsecured funding is raised by group inc., which lends the necessary funds to funding ihc and other subsidiaries, some of which are regulated, to meet their asset financing, liquidity and capital requirements. in addition, group inc. provides its regulated subsidiaries with the necessary capital to meet their regulatory requirements. the benefits of this approach to subsidiary funding are enhanced control and greater flexibility to meet the funding requirements of our subsidiaries. funding is also raised at the subsidiary level through a variety of products, including deposits, secured funding and unsecured borrowings.
our intercompany funding policies assume that a subsidiary's funds or securities are not freely available to its parent, funding ihc or other subsidiaries unless (i) legally provided for and (ii) there are no additional regulatory, tax or other restrictions. in particular, many of our subsidiaries are subject to laws that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to group inc. or funding ihc. regulatory action of that kind could impede access to funds that group inc. needs to make payments on its obligations. accordingly, we assume that the capital provided to our regulated subsidiaries is not available to group inc. or other subsidiaries and any other financing provided to our regulated subsidiaries is not available to group inc. or funding ihc until the maturity of such financing.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis group inc. has provided substantial amounts of equity and subordinated indebtedness, directly or indirectly, to its regulated subsidiaries. for example, as of december 2019, group inc. had $32.05 billion of equity and subordinated indebtedness invested in gs&co., its principal u.s. registered broker-dealer; $39.60 billion invested in gsi, a regulated u.k. broker-dealer; $2.85 billion invested in gsjcl, a regulated japanese broker-dealer; $33.57 billion invested in gs bank usa, a regulated new york state-chartered bank; and $4.03 billion invested in gsib, a regulated u.k. bank. group inc. also provided, directly or indirectly, $83.78 billion of unsubordinated loans (including secured loans of $23.08 billion) and $15.04 billion of collateral and cash deposits to these entities, substantially all of which was to gs&co., gsi and gsjcl, as of december 2019. in addition, as of december 2019, group inc. had significant amounts of capital invested in and loans to its other regulated subsidiaries.
contingency funding plan. we maintain a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. our contingency funding plan outlines a list of potential risk factors, key reports and metrics that are reviewed on an ongoing basis to assist in assessing the severity of, and managing through, a liquidity crisis and/or market dislocation. the contingency funding plan also describes in detail our potential responses if our assessments indicate that we have entered a liquidity crisis, which include pre-funding for what we estimate will be our potential cash and collateral needs, as well as utilizing secondary sources of liquidity. mitigants and action items to address specific risks which may arise are also described and assigned to individuals responsible for execution.
the contingency funding plan identifies key groups of individuals and their responsibilities, which include fostering effective coordination, control and distribution of information, implementing liquidity maintenance activities and managing internal and external communication, all of which are critical in the management of a crisis or period of market stress.
stress tests in order to determine the appropriate size of our gcla, we model liquidity outflows over a range of scenarios and time horizons. one of our primary internal liquidity risk models, referred to as the modeled liquidity outflow, quantifies our liquidity risks over a 30-day stress scenario. we also consider other factors, including, but not limited to, an assessment of our potential intraday liquidity needs through an additional internal liquidity risk model, referred to as the intraday liquidity model, the results of our long-term stress testing models, our resolution liquidity models and other applicable regulatory requirements and a qualitative assessment of our condition, as well as the financial markets. the results of the modeled liquidity outflow, the intraday liquidity model, the long-term stress testing models and the resolution liquidity models are reported to senior management on a regular basis. we also perform firmwide stress tests. see "overview and structure of risk management" for information about firmwide stress tests.
modeled liquidity outflow. our modeled liquidity outflow is based on conducting multiple scenarios that include combinations of market-wide and firm-specific stress. these scenarios are characterized by the following qualitative elements:
   severely challenged market environments, including low consumer and corporate confidence, financial and political instability, adverse changes in market values, including potential declines in equity markets and widening of credit spreads; and
   a firm-specific crisis potentially triggered by material losses, reputational damage, litigation and/or a ratings downgrade.
the following are key modeling elements of our modeled liquidity outflow:
   liquidity needs over a 30-day scenario;
   a two-notch downgrade of our long-term senior unsecured credit ratings;
   changing conditions in funding markets, which limit our access to unsecured and secured funding;
   no support from additional government funding facilities. although we have access to various central bank funding programs, we do not assume reliance on additional sources of funding in a liquidity crisis; and
   a combination of contractual outflows, such as upcoming maturities of unsecured debt, and contingent outflows, including but not limited to, the withdrawal of customer credit balances in our prime brokerage business or an increase in variation margin requirements due to adverse changes in the value of our exchange-traded and otc-cleared derivatives and withdrawals of deposits that have no contractual maturity.
84   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis intraday liquidity model. our intraday liquidity model measures our intraday liquidity needs using a scenario analysis characterized by the same qualitative elements as our modeled liquidity outflow. the model assesses the risk of increased intraday liquidity requirements during a scenario where access to sources of intraday liquidity may become constrained.
long-term stress testing. we utilize longer-term stress tests to take a forward view on our liquidity position through prolonged stress periods in which we experience a severe liquidity stress and recover in an environment that continues to be challenging. we are focused on ensuring conservative asset-liability management to prepare for a prolonged period of potential stress, seeking to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets.
resolution liquidity models. in connection with our resolution planning efforts, we have established our resolution liquidity adequacy and positioning framework, which estimates liquidity needs of our major subsidiaries in a stressed environment. the liquidity needs are measured using our modeled liquidity outflow assumptions and include certain additional inter-affiliate exposures. we have also established our resolution liquidity execution need framework, which measures the liquidity needs of our major subsidiaries to stabilize and wind-down following a group inc. bankruptcy filing in accordance with our preferred resolution strategy.
in addition, we have established a triggers and alerts framework, which is designed to provide the board with information needed to make an informed decision on whether and when to commence bankruptcy proceedings for group inc.
limits we use liquidity risk limits at various levels and across liquidity risk types to manage the size of our liquidity exposures. limits are measured relative to acceptable levels of risk given our liquidity risk tolerance. see "overview and structure of risk management" for information about the limit approval process.
limits are monitored by treasury and liquidity risk. liquidity risk is responsible for identifying and escalating to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee, on a timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded.
gcla and unencumbered metrics gcla. based on the results of our internal liquidity risk models, described above, as well as our consideration of other factors, including, but not limited to, a qualitative assessment of our condition, as well as the financial markets, we believe our liquidity position as of both december 2019 and december 2018 was appropriate. we strictly limit our gcla to a narrowly defined list of securities and cash because they are highly liquid, even in a difficult funding environment. we do not include other potential sources of excess liquidity in our gcla, such as less liquid unencumbered securities or committed credit facilities.
the table below presents information about our gcla.
u.s. agency obligations                      14,005                             12,171
major broker-dealer subsidiaries             95,281                            104,364
major bank subsidiaries                      98,326                             88,059
   the u.s. dollar-denominated gcla consists of (i) unencumbered u.s. government and agency obligations (including highly liquid u.s. agency mortgage-backed obligations), all of which are eligible as collateral in federal reserve open market operations and (ii) certain overnight u.s. dollar cash deposits.
   the non-u.s. dollar-denominated gcla consists of non-u.s. government obligations (only unencumbered german, french, japanese and u.k. government obligations) and certain overnight cash deposits in highly liquid currencies.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis we maintain our gcla to enable us to meet current and potential liquidity requirements of our parent company, group inc., and its subsidiaries. our modeled liquidity outflow and intraday liquidity model incorporate a requirement for group inc., as well as a standalone requirement for each of our major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries. funding ihc is required to provide the necessary liquidity to group inc. during the ordinary course of business, and is also obligated to provide capital and liquidity support to major subsidiaries in the event of our material financial distress or failure. liquidity held directly in each of our major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries is intended for use only by that subsidiary to meet its liquidity requirements and is assumed not to be available to group inc. or funding ihc unless (i) legally provided for and (ii) there are no additional regulatory, tax or other restrictions. in addition, the modeled liquidity outflow and intraday liquidity model also incorporate a broader assessment of standalone liquidity requirements for other subsidiaries and we hold a portion of our gcla directly at group inc. or funding ihc to support such requirements.
other unencumbered assets. in addition to our gcla, we have a significant amount of other unencumbered cash and financial instruments, including other government obligations, high-grade money market securities, corporate obligations, marginable equities, loans and cash deposits not included in our gcla. the fair value of our unencumbered assets averaged $202.03 billion for 2019 and $177.08 billion for 2018. we do not consider these assets liquid enough to be eligible for our gcla.
liquidity regulatory framework as a bank holding company (bhc), we are subject to a minimum liquidity coverage ratio (lcr) under the lcr rule approved by the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies. the lcr rule requires organizations to maintain an adequate ratio of eligible high-quality liquid assets (hqla) to expected net cash outflows under an acute short-term liquidity stress scenario. eligible hqla excludes hqla held by subsidiaries that is in excess of their minimum requirement and is subject to transfer restrictions. we are required to maintain a minimum lcr of 100%. we expect that fluctuations in client activity, business mix and the market environment will impact our lcr.
the table below presents information about our average daily lcr.
the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies have issued a proposed rule that calls for a net stable funding ratio (nsfr) for large u.s. banking organizations. the proposal would require banking organizations to ensure they have access to stable funding over a one-year time horizon and includes quarterly disclosure of the ratio and a description of the banking organization's stable funding sources. we expect that we will be compliant with the nsfr requirement when it is effective.
the following provides information about our subsidiary liquidity regulatory requirements:
   gs bank usa. gs bank usa is subject to a minimum lcr of 100% under the lcr rule approved by the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies. as of december 2019, gs bank usa's lcr exceeded the minimum requirement. the nsfr requirement described above would also apply to gs bank usa.
   gsi. gsi is subject to a minimum lcr of 100% under the lcr rule approved by the u.k. regulatory authorities and the european commission. gsi's average monthly lcr for the trailing twelve-month period ended december 2019 exceeded the minimum requirement.
   other subsidiaries. we monitor local regulatory liquidity requirements of our subsidiaries to ensure compliance. for many of our subsidiaries, these requirements either have changed or are likely to change in the future due to the implementation of the basel committee on banking supervision's framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring, as well as other regulatory developments.
the implementation of these rules and any amendments adopted by the regulatory authorities, could impact our liquidity and funding requirements and practices in the future.
86   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis credit ratings we rely on the short- and long-term debt capital markets to fund a significant portion of our day-to-day operations and the cost and availability of debt financing is influenced by our credit ratings. credit ratings are also important when we are competing in certain markets, such as otc derivatives, and when we seek to engage in longer-term transactions. see "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k for information about the risks associated with a reduction in our credit ratings.
the table below presents the unsecured credit ratings and outlook of group inc.
as of december 2019
trust preferred         a                         bbb-                 baa3                  n/a                   bb preferred stock         bbb (high     )           bb+                  ba1                   n/a                   bb ratings outlook         stable                    stable               stable                stable                stable in the table above:
   the ratings and outlook are by dbrs, inc. (dbrs), fitch, moody's, rating and investment information, inc. (r&amp;i), and s&amp;p.
   the ratings for trust preferred relate to the guaranteed preferred beneficial interests issued by goldman sachs capital i.
   the dbrs, fitch, moody's and s&amp;p ratings for preferred stock include the apex issued by goldman sachs capital ii and goldman sachs capital iii.
the table below presents the unsecured credit ratings and outlook of gs bank usa, gsib, gs&co. and gsi, by fitch, moody's and s&p.
as of december 2019
ratings outlook                stable               stable                stable we believe our credit ratings are primarily based on the credit rating agencies' assessment of:
   our liquidity, market, credit and operational risk management practices;
   our level and variability of earnings;
   our capital base;
   our franchise, reputation and management;
   the external operating and economic environment, including, in some cases, the assumed level of government support or other systemic considerations, such as potential resolution.
certain of our derivatives have been transacted under bilateral agreements with counterparties who may require us to post collateral or terminate the transactions based on changes in our credit ratings. we manage our gcla to ensure we would, among other potential requirements, be able to make the additional collateral or termination payments that may be required in the event of a two-notch  reduction in our long-term credit ratings, as well as collateral that has not been called by counterparties, but is available to them.
see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about derivatives with credit-related contingent features and the additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements that could have been called by counterparties in the event of a one- or two-notch  downgrade in our credit ratings.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis cash flows as a global financial institution, our cash flows are complex and bear little relation to our net earnings and net assets. consequently, we believe that traditional cash flow analysis is less meaningful in evaluating our liquidity position than the liquidity and asset-liability management policies described above. cash flow analysis may, however, be helpful in highlighting certain macro trends and strategic initiatives in our businesses.
year ended december 2019. our cash and cash equivalents increased by $3.00 billion to $133.55 billion at the end of 2019, primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities and financing activities, partially offset by net cash used for investing activities. the net cash provided by operating activities primarily reflected cash provided by collateralized transactions (a decrease in collateralized agreements and an increase in collateralized financings) as a result of our and our clients' activities, partially offset by an increase in trading assets, as a result of client activity. the net cash provided by financing activities primarily reflected an increase in consumer deposits, partially offset by net repayments of unsecured long-term borrowings and common stock repurchases. the net cash used for investing activities primarily reflected net purchases of investments and an increase in loans.
year ended december 2018. our cash and cash equivalents increased by $20.50 billion to $130.55 billion at the end of 2018, primarily due to net cash provided by financing activities and operating activities, partially offset by net cash used for investing activities. the net cash provided by financing activities primarily reflected increases in consumer deposits. the net cash provided by operating activities primarily reflected net earnings and a decrease in collateralized agreements included in collateralized transactions, partially offset by an increase in trading assets. the net cash used for investing activities primarily reflected an increase in loans and net purchases of investments.
year ended december 2017. our cash and cash equivalents decreased by $11.66 billion to $110.05 billion at the end of 2017, primarily due to net cash used for investing activities and operating activities, partially offset by net cash provided by financing activities. the net cash used for investing activities primarily reflected an increase in loans and net purchases of investments. the net cash used for operating activities primarily reflected an increase in net customer and other receivables and payables, partially offset by an increase in collateralized financings included in collateralized transactions. the net cash provided by financing activities primarily reflected net issuances of unsecured long-term borrowings and increases in institutional and consumer deposits, partially offset by repurchases of common stock.
market risk management overview market risk is the risk of loss in the value of our inventory, investments, loans and other financial assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value due to changes in market conditions. we hold such positions primarily for market making for our clients and for our investing and financing activities, and therefore, these positions change based on client demands and our investment opportunities. since these positions are accounted for at fair value, they fluctuate on a daily basis, with the related gains and losses included in the consolidated statements of earnings. we employ a variety of risk measures, each described in the respective sections below, to monitor market risk. categories of market risk include the following:
   interest rate risk: results from exposures to changes in the level, slope and curvature of yield curves, the volatilities of interest rates, prepayment speeds and credit spreads;
   equity price risk: results from exposures to changes in prices and volatilities of individual equities, baskets of equities and equity indices;
   currency rate risk: results from exposures to changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities of currency rates; and
   commodity price risk: results from exposures to changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities of commodities, such as crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, electricity, and precious and base metals.
market risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our market risk through firmwide oversight across our global businesses.
managers in revenue-producing units and market risk discuss market information, positions and estimated loss scenarios on an ongoing basis. managers in revenue-producing units are accountable for managing risk within prescribed limits. these managers have in-depth knowledge of their positions, markets and the instruments available to hedge their exposures.
88   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis market risk management process our process for managing market risk includes the critical components of our risk management framework described in the "overview and structure of risk management," as well as the following:
   monitoring compliance with established market risk limits and reporting our exposures;
   evaluating mitigants, such as economic hedges in related securities or derivatives.
our market risk management systems enable us to perform an independent calculation of value-at-risk (var) and stress measures, capture risk measures at individual position levels, attribute risk measures to individual risk factors of each position, report many different views of the risk measures (e.g., by desk, business, product type or entity) and produce ad hoc analyses in a timely manner.
risk measures we produce risk measures and monitor them against established market risk limits. these measures reflect an extensive range of scenarios and the results are aggregated at product, business and firmwide levels.
we use a variety of risk measures to estimate the size of potential losses for both moderate and more extreme market moves over both short- and long-term time horizons. our primary risk measures are var, which is used for shorter-term periods, and stress tests. our risk reports detail key risks, drivers and changes for each desk and business, and are distributed daily to senior management of both our revenue-producing units and our independent risk oversight and control functions.
value-at-risk. var is the potential loss in value due to adverse market movements over a defined time horizon with a specified confidence level. for assets and liabilities included in var, see "financial statement linkages to market risk measures." we typically employ a one-day  time horizon with a 95% confidence level. we use a single var model, which captures risks including interest rates, equity prices, currency rates and commodity prices. as such, var facilitates comparison across portfolios of different risk characteristics. var also captures the diversification of aggregated risk at the firmwide level.
we are aware of the inherent limitations to var and therefore use a variety of risk measures in our market risk management process. inherent limitations to var include:
   var does not estimate potential losses over longer time horizons where moves may be extreme;
   var does not take account of the relative liquidity of different risk positions; and
   previous moves in market risk factors may not produce accurate predictions of all future market moves.
to comprehensively capture our exposures and relevant risks in our var calculation, we use historical simulations with full valuation of market factors at the position level by simultaneously shocking the relevant market factors for that position. these market factors include spot prices, credit spreads, funding spreads, yield curves, volatility and correlation, and are updated periodically based on changes in the composition of positions, as well as variations in market conditions. we sample from five years of historical data to generate the scenarios for our var calculation. the historical data is weighted so that the relative importance of the data reduces over time. this gives greater importance to more recent observations and reflects current asset volatilities, which improves the accuracy of our estimates of potential loss. as a result, even if our positions included in var were unchanged, our var would increase with increasing market volatility and vice versa.
given its reliance on historical data, var is most effective in estimating risk exposures in markets in which there are no sudden fundamental changes or shifts in market conditions.
   positions that are best measured and monitored using sensitivity measures; and
   the impact of changes in counterparty and our own credit spreads on derivatives, as well as changes in our own credit spreads on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis we perform daily backtesting of our var model (i.e., comparing daily net revenues for positions included in var to the var measure calculated as of the prior business day) at the firmwide level and for each of our businesses and major regulated subsidiaries.
stress testing. stress testing is a method of determining the effect of various hypothetical stress scenarios. we use stress testing to examine risks of specific portfolios, as well as the potential impact of our significant risk exposures. we use a variety of stress testing techniques to calculate the potential loss from a wide range of market moves on our portfolios, including firmwide stress tests, sensitivity analysis and scenario analysis. the results of our various stress tests are analyzed together for risk management purposes. see "overview and structure of risk management" for information about firmwide stress tests.
sensitivity analysis is used to quantify the impact of a market move in a single risk factor across all positions (e.g., equity prices or credit spreads) using a variety of defined market shocks, ranging from those that could be expected over a one-day time horizon up to those that could take many months to occur. we also use sensitivity analysis to quantify the impact of the default of any single entity, which captures the risk of large or concentrated exposures.
scenario analysis is used to quantify the impact of a specified event, including how the event impacts multiple risk factors simultaneously. for example, for sovereign stress testing we calculate potential direct exposure associated with our sovereign positions, as well as the corresponding debt, equity and currency exposures associated with our non-sovereign positions that may be impacted by the sovereign distress. when conducting scenario analysis, we often consider a number of possible outcomes for each scenario, ranging from moderate to severely adverse market impacts. in addition, these stress tests are constructed using both historical events and forward-looking hypothetical scenarios.
unlike var measures, which have an implied probability because they are calculated at a specified confidence level, there may not be an implied probability that our stress testing scenarios will occur. instead, stress testing is used to model both moderate and more extreme moves in underlying market factors. when estimating potential loss, we generally assume that our positions cannot be reduced or hedged (although experience demonstrates that we are generally able to do so).
limits we use market risk limits at various levels to manage the size of our market exposures. these limits are set based on var and on a range of stress tests relevant to our exposures. see "overview and structure of risk management" for information about the limit approval process.
market risk is responsible for monitoring these limits, and identifying and escalating to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee, on a timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded (e.g., due to positional changes or changes in market conditions, such as increased volatilities or changes in correlations). such instances are remediated by a reduction in the positions we hold and/or a temporary or permanent increase to the limit.
metrics we analyze var at the firmwide level and a variety of more detailed levels, including by risk category, business and region. diversification effect in the tables below represents the difference between total var and the sum of the vars for the four risk categories. this effect arises because the four market risk categories are not perfectly correlated.
our average daily var decreased to $56 million in 2019 from $60 million in 2018, primarily due to decreases in the equity prices and currency rates categories, partially offset by a decrease in the diversification effect. the overall decrease was primarily due to reduced exposures.
as of december
our period-end var increased to $70 million as of december 2019 from $57 million as of december 2018, primarily due to a decrease in the diversification effect and an increase in the interest rates category, partially offset by decreases in the equity prices and currency rates categories. the overall increase was due to higher levels of volatility and increased exposures.
90   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis during 2019 and 2018, the firmwide var risk limit was not exceeded, raised or reduced.
firmwide var                        $77               $43                        $86               $42
the table below presents, by number of business days, the frequency distribution of our daily net revenues for positions included in var.
daily net revenues for positions included in var are compared with var calculated as of the end of the prior business day. net losses incurred on a single day for such positions did not exceed our 95% one-day var (i.e., a var exception) during 2019 and exceeded our 95% one-day  var on two occasions during 2018.
during periods in which we have significantly more positive net revenue days than net revenue loss days, we expect to have fewer var exceptions because, under normal conditions, our business model generally produces positive net revenues. in periods in which our franchise revenues are adversely affected, we generally have more loss days, resulting in more var exceptions. the daily net revenues for positions included in var used to determine var exceptions reflect the impact of any intraday activity, including bid/offer net revenues, which are more likely than not to be positive by their nature.
sensitivity measures certain portfolios and individual positions are not included in var because var is not the most appropriate risk measure. other sensitivity measures we use to analyze market risk are described below.
10% sensitivity measures. the table below presents our market risk by asset category for positions accounted for at fair value, that are not included in var.
as of december
   the market risk of these positions is determined by estimating the potential reduction in net revenues of a 10% decline in the value of these positions.
   debt positions include interests in funds that invest in corporate mezzanine and senior debt instruments, loans backed by commercial and residential real estate, corporate bank loans and other corporate debt, including acquired portfolios of distressed loans.
   funded equity and debt positions are included in our consolidated balance sheets in investments and loans. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about investments and note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about loans.
   these measures do not reflect the diversification effect across asset categories or across other market risk measures.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis credit and funding spread sensitivity on derivatives and financial liabilities. var excludes the impact of changes in counterparty credit spreads, our own credit spreads and unsecured funding spreads on derivatives, as well as changes in our own credit spreads (debt valuation adjustment) on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected. the estimated sensitivity to a one basis point increase in credit spreads (counterparty and our own) and unsecured funding spreads on derivatives (including hedges) was a loss of $2 million as of both december 2019 and december 2018. in addition, the estimated sensitivity to a one basis point increase in our own credit spreads on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected was a gain of $29 million as of december 2019 and $41 million as of december 2018. however, the actual net impact of a change in our own credit spreads is also affected by the liquidity, duration and convexity (as the sensitivity is not linear to changes in yields) of those financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected, as well as the relative performance of any hedges undertaken.
interest rate sensitivity. loans accounted for at amortized cost were $89.20 billion as of december 2019 and $80.59 billion as of december 2018, substantially all of which had floating interest rates. the estimated sensitivity to a 100 basis point increase in interest rates on such loans was $681 million as of december 2019 and $607 million as of december 2018 of additional interest income over a twelve-month period, which does not take into account the potential impact of an increase in costs to fund such loans. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about loans accounted for at amortized cost.
other market risk considerations as of both december 2019 and december 2018, we had commitments and held loans for which we have obtained credit loss protection from sumitomo mitsui financial group, inc. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about such lending commitments.
in addition, we make investments in securities that are accounted for as available-for-sale, held-to-maturity or under the equity method which are included in investments in the consolidated balance sheets. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
direct investments in real estate are accounted for at cost less accumulated depreciation. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about other assets.
financial statement linkages to market risk measures we employ a variety of risk measures, each described in the respective sections above, to monitor market risk across the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of earnings. the related gains and losses on these positions are included in market making, other principal transactions, interest income and interest expense in the consolidated statements of earnings, and debt valuation adjustment in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
the table below presents certain assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets and the market risk measures used to assess those assets and liabilities.
assets or liabilities                                      market risk measures collateralized agreements, at fair value                   var receivables                                                var interest rate sensitivity trading assets                                             var credit spread sensitivity - derivatives investments                                                var 10% sensitivity measures loans                                                      var 10% sensitivity measures deposits, at fair value                                    var credit spread sensitivity - financial liabilities collateralized financings, at fair value                   var trading liabilities                                        var credit spread sensitivity - derivatives unsecured short- and long-term borrowings, at fair value   var credit spread sensitivity - financial liabilities credit risk management overview credit risk represents the potential for loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of a counterparty (e.g., an otc derivatives counterparty or a borrower) or an issuer of securities or other instruments we hold. our exposure to credit risk comes mostly from client transactions in otc derivatives and loans and lending commitments. credit risk also comes from cash placed with banks, securities financing transactions (i.e., resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and lending activities) and customer and other receivables.
92   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis credit risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our credit risk through firmwide oversight across our global businesses. the risk governance committee reviews and approves credit policies and parameters. in addition, we hold other positions that give rise to credit risk (e.g., bonds and secondary bank loans). these credit risks are captured as a component of market risk measures, which are monitored and managed by market risk. we also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. such derivatives also give rise to credit risk, which is monitored and managed by credit risk.
credit risk management process our process for managing credit risk includes the critical components of our risk management framework described in the "overview and structure of risk management," as well as the following:
   monitoring compliance with established credit risk limits and reporting our credit exposures and credit concentrations;
   establishing or approving underwriting standards;
   using credit risk mitigants, including collateral and hedging; and
   maximizing recovery through active workout and restructuring of claims.
we also perform credit reviews, which include initial and ongoing analyses of our counterparties. for substantially all of our credit exposures, the core of our process is an annual counterparty credit review. a credit review is an independent analysis of the capacity and willingness of a counterparty to meet its financial obligations, resulting in an internal credit rating. the determination of internal credit ratings also incorporates assumptions with respect to the nature of and outlook for the counterparty's industry, and the economic environment. senior personnel, with expertise in specific industries, inspect and approve credit reviews and internal credit ratings.
our risk assessment process may also include, where applicable, reviewing certain key metrics, including, but not limited to, delinquency status, collateral values, fair isaac corporation credit scores and other risk factors.
our credit risk management systems capture credit exposure to individual counterparties and on an aggregate basis to counterparties and their subsidiaries. these systems also provide management with comprehensive information about our aggregate credit risk by product, internal credit rating, industry, country and region.
risk measures we measure our credit risk based on the potential loss in the event of non-payment by a counterparty using current and potential exposure. for derivatives and securities financing transactions, current exposure represents the amount presently owed to us after taking into account applicable netting and collateral arrangements, while potential exposure represents our estimate of the future exposure that could arise over the life of a transaction based on market movements within a specified confidence level. potential exposure also takes into account netting and collateral arrangements. for loans and lending commitments, the primary measure is a function of the notional amount of the position.
stress tests we conduct regular stress tests to calculate the credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors (e.g., currency rates, interest rates, equity prices). these shocks cover a wide range of moderate and more extreme market movements, including shocks to multiple risk factors, consistent with the occurrence of a severe market or economic event. in the case of sovereign default, we estimate the direct impact of the default on our sovereign credit exposures, changes to our credit exposures arising from potential market moves in response to the default, and the impact of credit market deterioration on corporate borrowers and counterparties that may result from the sovereign default. unlike potential exposure, which is calculated within a specified confidence level, stress testing does not generally assume a probability of these events occurring. we also perform firmwide stress tests. see "overview and structure of risk management" for information about firmwide stress tests.
to supplement these regular stress tests, as described above, we also conduct tailored stress tests on an ad hoc basis in response to specific market events that we deem significant. we also utilize these stress tests to estimate the indirect impact of certain hypothetical events on our country exposures, such as the impact of credit market deterioration on corporate borrowers and counterparties along with the shocks to the risk factors described above. the parameters of these shocks vary based on the scenario reflected in each stress test. we review estimated losses produced by the stress tests in order to understand their magnitude, highlight potential loss concentrations, and assess and mitigate our exposures where necessary.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis limits we use credit risk limits at various levels, as well as underwriting standards to manage the size and nature of our credit exposures. limits for industries and countries are based on our risk appetite and are designed to allow for regular monitoring, review, escalation and management of credit risk concentrations. see "overview and structure of risk management" for information about the limit approval process.
credit risk is responsible for monitoring these limits, and identifying and escalating to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee, on a timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded.
risk mitigants to reduce our credit exposures on derivatives and securities financing transactions, we may enter into netting agreements with counterparties that permit us to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties. we may also reduce credit risk with counterparties by entering into agreements that enable us to obtain collateral from them on an upfront or contingent basis and/or to terminate transactions if the counterparty's credit rating falls below a specified level. we monitor the fair value of the collateral to ensure that our credit exposures are appropriately collateralized. we seek to minimize exposures where there is a significant positive correlation between the creditworthiness of our counterparties and the market value of collateral we receive.
for loans and lending commitments, depending on the credit quality of the borrower and other characteristics of the transaction, we employ a variety of potential risk mitigants. risk mitigants include collateral provisions, guarantees, covenants, structural seniority of the bank loan claims and, for certain lending commitments, provisions in the legal documentation that allow us to adjust loan amounts, pricing, structure and other terms as market conditions change. the type and structure of risk mitigants employed can significantly influence the degree of credit risk involved in a loan or lending commitment.
when we do not have sufficient visibility into a counterparty's financial strength or when we believe a counterparty requires support from its parent, we may obtain third-party guarantees of the counterparty's obligations. we may also mitigate our credit risk using credit derivatives or participation agreements.
credit exposures as of december 2019, our aggregate credit exposure increased as compared with december 2018, primarily reflecting an increase in loans and lending commitments and securities financing transactions. the percentage of our credit exposures arising from non-investment-grade  counterparties (based on our internally determined public rating agency equivalents) increased as compared with december 2018, primarily reflecting an increase in non-investment-grade loans and lending commitments. our credit exposure to counterparties that defaulted during 2019 was higher as compared with our credit exposure to counterparties that defaulted during the same prior year period, and substantially all of such exposure was related to loans and lending commitments. our credit exposure to counterparties that defaulted during 2019 remained low, representing less than 0.5% of our total credit exposure. estimated losses associated with these defaults have been recognized in earnings. our credit exposures are described further below.
cash and cash equivalents. our credit exposure on cash and cash equivalents arises from our unrestricted cash, and includes both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing  deposits. to mitigate the risk of credit loss, we place substantially all of our deposits with highly rated banks and central banks.
as of december
industry financial institutions                                12%                       16%
the table above excludes cash segregated for regulatory and other purposes of $22.78 billion as of december 2019 and $23.14 billion as of december 2018.
94   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis otc derivatives. our credit exposure on otc derivatives arises primarily from our market-making activities. as a market maker, we enter into derivative transactions to provide liquidity to clients and to facilitate the transfer and hedging of their risks. we also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. we manage our credit exposure on otc derivatives using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above.
we generally enter into otc derivatives transactions under bilateral collateral arrangements that require the daily exchange of collateral. as credit risk is an essential component of fair value, we include a credit valuation adjustment (cva) in the fair value of derivatives to reflect counterparty credit risk, as described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. cva is a function of the present value of expected exposure, the probability of counterparty default and the assumed recovery upon default.
as of december
collateral (not netted under u.s. gaap)                (15,420   )               (14,278   )
industry consumer, retail &amp; healthcare                           4%                        2%
financial institutions                                     13%                       14%
municipalities &amp; nonprofit                              8%                        7%
natural resources &amp; utilities                          15%                       13%
   otc derivative assets, included in the consolidated balance sheets, are reported on a net-by-counterparty basis (i.e., the net receivable for a given counterparty) when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable netting agreement (counterparty netting) and are accounted for at fair value, net of cash collateral received under enforceable credit support agreements (cash collateral netting).
   collateral represents cash collateral and the fair value of securities collateral, primarily u.s. and non-u.s. government and agency obligations, received under credit support agreements, that we consider when determining credit risk, but such collateral is not eligible for netting under u.s. gaap.
the table below presents the distribution of our net credit exposure from otc derivatives by tenor.
$ in millions          investment- grade       non-investment- grade / unrated          total as of december 2019
as of december 2018
   netting includes counterparty netting across tenor categories and cash and securities collateral that we consider when determining credit risk (including collateral that is not eligible for netting under u.s. gaap). counterparty netting within the same tenor category is included within such tenor category.
the tables below present the distribution of our net credit exposure from otc derivatives by tenor and internally determined public rating agency equivalents.
$ in millions                            aaa                     aa                          a                         bbb                        total as of december 2019
as of december 2018
$ in millions                                                                      bb or lower                     unrated                        total as of december 2019
as of december 2018
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis lending activities. we manage our lending activities using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above. other lending positions, including secondary trading positions, are risk-managed as a component of market risk.
   commercial lending. our commercial lending activities include lending to investment-grade and non-investment-grade corporate borrowers. loans and lending commitments associated with these activities are principally used for operating and general corporate purposes or in connection with contingent acquisitions. corporate loans may be secured or unsecured, depending on the loan purpose, the risk profile of the borrower and other factors. our commercial lending activities also include extending loans to borrowers that are secured by commercial and other real estate.
as of december
industry consumer, retail &amp; healthcare                      19%                       16%
financial institutions                                  8%                        9%
natural resources &amp; utilities                      17%                       15%
   wealth management, residential real estate and other lending. we extend wealth management loans and lending commitments through our private bank, substantially all of which are secured by commercial and residential real estate, securities or other assets. the fair value of the collateral received against such loans and lending commitments generally exceeds their carrying value.
the table below presents our credit exposure from wealth management, residential real estate and other lending, and the concentration by region.
$ in millions         wealth management   residential real estate and other as of december 2019
as of december 2018
$ in millions         consumer as of december 2019
as of december 2018
96   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the table below presents our credit exposure from originated credit card loans and the concentration by the five most concentrated u.s. states.
$ in millions         credit card as of december 2019
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the credit quality indicators of consumer loans.
securities financing transactions.  we enter into securities financing transactions in order to, among other things, facilitate client activities, invest excess cash, acquire securities to cover short positions and finance certain activities. we bear credit risk related to resale agreements and securities borrowed only to the extent that cash advanced or the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty exceeds the value of the collateral received. we also have credit exposure on repurchase agreements and securities loaned to the extent that the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty for these transactions exceeds the amount of cash or collateral received. securities collateral obtained for securities financing transactions primarily includes u.s. and non-u.s. government and agency obligations.
as of december
industry financial institutions                                37%                      31%
municipalities &amp; nonprofit                         5%                       7%
the table above reflects both netting agreements and collateral that we consider when determining credit risk.
other credit exposures. we are exposed to credit risk from our receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations and customers and counterparties. receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations primarily consist of initial margin placed with clearing organizations and receivables related to sales of securities which have traded, but not yet settled. these receivables generally have minimal credit risk due to the low probability of clearing organization default and the short-term nature of receivables related to securities settlements. receivables from customers and counterparties generally consist of collateralized receivables related to customer securities transactions and generally have minimal credit risk due to both the value of the collateral received and the short-term nature of these receivables.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the table below presents our other credit exposures and the concentration by industry, region and credit quality.
as of december
industry financial institutions                                86%                      84%
natural resources &amp; utilities                      1%                       4%
the table above reflects collateral that we consider when determining credit risk.
selected exposures we have credit and market exposures, as described below, that have had heightened focus due to recent events and broad market concerns. credit exposure represents the potential for loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of a counterparty or borrower. market exposure represents the potential for loss in value of our long and short positions due to changes in market prices.
high inflation in turkey combined with current account deficits and significant depreciation of the turkish lira has led to concerns about its economic stability. as of december 2019, our total credit exposure to turkey was $2.10 billion, which was with non-sovereign counterparties or borrowers. such exposure consisted of $1.75 billion related to otc derivatives, $330 million related to loans and lending commitments and $22 million related to secured receivables. after taking into consideration the benefit of turkish corporate and sovereign collateral and other risk mitigants provided by turkish counterparties, our net credit exposure was $434 million. in addition, our total market exposure to turkey as of december 2019 was not material.
significant depreciation of the argentine peso has resulted in higher inflation and has raised concerns about argentina's economic stability. as of december 2019, our total credit exposure to argentina was $132 million, which was with non-sovereign counterparties or borrowers, and was substantially all related to loans and lending commitments. in addition, our total market exposure to argentina was $180 million, primarily reflecting debt exposure with sovereign issuers or underliers.
the potential restructuring of lebanon's sovereign debt has led to concerns about its financial stability. as of december 2019, our credit exposure to lebanon was $689 million, substantially all of which related to loans and lending commitments with non-sovereign borrowers. after taking into consideration the benefit of lebanese sovereign collateral received, our net credit exposure was $331 million. in addition, our total market exposure to lebanon as of december 2019 was $101 million, primarily reflecting debt exposure with sovereign issuers or underliers.
venezuela has delayed payments on its sovereign debt and its political situation remains unclear. as of december 2019, our total credit and market exposure for venezuela was not material.
we have a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite. we determine the country of risk by the location of the counterparty, issuer or underlier's assets, where they generate revenue, the country in which they are headquartered, the jurisdiction where a claim against them could be enforced, and/or the government whose policies affect their ability to repay their obligations. we monitor our credit exposure to a specific country both at the individual counterparty level, as well as at the aggregate country level. see "stress tests" for information about stress tests that are designed to estimate the direct and indirect impact of events involving the above countries.
98   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis operational risk management overview operational risk is the risk of an adverse outcome resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems or from external events. our exposure to operational risk arises from routine processing errors, as well as extraordinary incidents, such as major systems failures or legal and regulatory matters.
potential types of loss events related to internal and external operational risk include:
   clients, products and business practices;
   execution, delivery and process management;
   business disruption and system failures;
   employment practices and workplace safety;
   internal fraud; and
   external fraud.
operational risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for developing and implementing a formalized framework for assessing, monitoring and managing operational risk with the goal of maintaining our exposure to operational risk at levels that are within our risk appetite.
operational risk management process our process for managing operational risk includes the critical components of our risk management framework described in the "overview and structure of risk management," including a comprehensive data collection process, as well as firmwide policies and procedures, for operational risk events.
we combine top-down and bottom-up approaches to manage and measure operational risk. from a top-down  perspective, our senior management assesses firmwide and business-level operational risk profiles. from a bottom-up  perspective, our first and second lines of defense are responsible for risk identification and risk management on a day-to-day basis, including escalating operational risks to senior management.
we maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. the firmwide conduct and operational risk committee is responsible for the ongoing approval and monitoring of the frameworks, policies, parameters, limits and thresholds which govern our operational risks.
our operational risk management framework is in part designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance.
we have established policies that require all employees to report and escalate operational risk events. when operational risk events are identified, our policies require that the events be documented and analyzed to determine whether changes are required in our systems and/or processes to further mitigate the risk of future events.
we use operational risk management applications to capture and organize operational risk event data and key metrics. one of our key risk identification and assessment tools is an operational risk and control self-assessment process, which is performed by our managers. this process consists of the identification and rating of operational risks, on a forward-looking basis, and the related controls. the results from this process are analyzed to evaluate operational risk exposures and identify businesses, activities or products with heightened levels of operational risk.
risk measurement we measure our operational risk exposure using both statistical modeling and scenario analyses, which involve qualitative and quantitative assessments of internal and external operational risk event data and internal control factors for each of our businesses. operational risk measurement also incorporates an assessment of business environment factors, including:
   evaluations of the complexity of our business activities;
   the degree of automation in our processes;
   new activity information;
   the legal and regulatory environment; and
   changes in the markets for our products and services, including the diversity and sophistication of our customers and counterparties.
the results from these scenario analyses are used to monitor changes in operational risk and to determine business lines that may have heightened exposure to operational risk. these analyses are used in the determination of the appropriate level of operational risk capital to hold. we also perform firmwide stress tests. see "overview and structure of risk management" for information about firmwide stress tests.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis types of operational risks increased reliance on technology and third-party relationships has resulted in increased operational risks, such as information and cyber security risk, third-party risk and business resilience risk. we manage those risks as follows:
information and cyber security risk. information and cyber security risk is the risk of compromising the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our data and systems, leading to an adverse impact to us, our reputation, our clients and/or the broader financial system. we seek to minimize the occurrence and impact of unauthorized access, disruption or use of information and/or information systems. we deploy and operate preventive and detective controls and processes to mitigate emerging and evolving information security and cyber security threats, including monitoring our network for known vulnerabilities and signs of unauthorized attempts to access our data and systems. there is increased information risk through diversification of our data across external service providers, including use of a variety of cloud-provided or -hosted services and applications. see "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k for further information about information and cyber security risk.
third-party risk. third-party risk, including vendor risk, is the risk of an adverse impact due to reliance on third parties performing services or activities on our behalf. these risks may include legal, regulatory, information security, reputational, operational or any other risks inherent in engaging a third party. we identify, manage and report key third-party risks and conduct due diligence across multiple risk domains, including information security and cyber security, resilience and additional third-party dependencies. the third-party risk program monitors, reviews and reassesses third-party risks on an ongoing basis. see "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k for further information about third-party risk.
business resilience risk. business resilience risk is the risk of disruption to our critical processes. we monitor threats and assess risks and seek to ensure our state of readiness in the event of a significant operational disruption to the normal operations of our critical functions or their dependencies, such as, critical facilities, systems, third parties, data and/or personnel. we approach business continuity planning (bcp) through the lens of business and operational resilience. the resilience framework defines the fundamental principles for bcp and crisis management to ensure that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. the business continuity program is comprehensive, consistent firmwide and up-to-date,  incorporating new information, techniques and technologies as and when they become available, and our resilience recovery plans incorporate and test specific and measurable recovery time objectives in accordance with local market best practices and regulatory requirements, and under specific scenarios. see "business - business continuity and information security" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k for further information about business continuity.
100   goldman sachs 2019 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis model risk management overview model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions made based on model outputs that may be incorrect or used inappropriately. we rely on quantitative models across our business activities primarily to value certain financial assets and liabilities, to monitor and manage our risk, and to measure and monitor our regulatory capital.
model risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units, model developers, model owners and model users, and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our model risk through firmwide oversight across our global businesses, and provides periodic updates to senior management, risk committees and the risk committee of the board.
our model risk management framework is managed through a governance structure and risk management controls, which encompass standards designed to ensure we maintain a comprehensive model inventory, including risk assessment and classification, sound model development practices, independent review and model-specific usage controls. the firmwide model risk control committee oversees our model risk management framework.
model review and validation process model risk consists of quantitative professionals who perform an independent review, validation and approval of our models. this review includes an analysis of the model documentation, independent testing, an assessment of the appropriateness of the methodology used, and verification of compliance with model development and implementation standards.
we regularly refine and enhance our models to reflect changes in market or economic conditions and our business mix. all models are reviewed on an annual basis, and new models or significant changes to existing models and their assumptions are approved prior to implementation.
the model validation process incorporates a review of models and trade and risk parameters across a broad range of scenarios (including extreme conditions) in order to critically evaluate and verify:
   the model's conceptual soundness, including the reasonableness of model assumptions, and suitability for intended use;
   the testing strategy utilized by the model developers to ensure that the models function as intended;
   the suitability of the calculation techniques incorporated in the model;
   the model's accuracy in reflecting the characteristics of the related product and its significant risks;
   the model's sensitivity to input parameters and assumptions.
see "critical accounting policies - fair value - review of valuation models," "liquidity risk management," "market risk management," "credit risk management" and "operational risk management" for further information about our use of models within these areas.