item 1a. risk factors in deciding whether to invest in the hartford, you should carefully consider the following risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation or liquidity and could also impact the trading price of our securities. these risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under "forward-looking statements" above and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
the following risk factors have been organized by category for ease of use, however many of the risks may have impacts in more than one category. the occurrence of certain of them may, in turn, cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
risks relating to economic, political and global market conditions unfavorable economic, political and global market conditions may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
the company's investment portfolio and insurance liabilities are sensitive to changes in economic, political and global capital market conditions, such as the effect of a weak economy and changes in credit spreads, equity prices, interest rates, inflation, foreign currency exchange rates, and shifts in demand and supply of u.s. dollars. weak economic conditions, such as high unemployment, low labor force participation, lower family income, a weak real estate market, lower business investment and lower consumer spending may adversely affect the demand for insurance and financial products and lower the company's part i - item 1a. risk factors profitability in some cases. in addition, a deterioration in global economic conditions and/or geopolitical conditions, including due to military action, trade wars, tariffs or other actions with respect to international trade agreements or policies, has the potential to, among other things, reduce demand for our products, reduce exposures we insure, drive higher inflation that could increase the company's loss costs and result in increased incidence of claims, particularly for workers' compensation and disability claims. the company's investment portfolio includes limited partnerships and other alternative investments and equity securities for which changes in value are reported in earnings. these investments may be adversely impacted by economic volatility, including real estate market deterioration, which could impact our net investment returns and result in an adverse impact on operating results.
below are several key factors impacted by changes in economic, political, and global market conditions and their potential effect on the company's business and results of operations:
•   credit spread risk - credit spread exposure is reflected in the market prices of fixed income instruments where lower rated securities generally trade at a higher credit spread. if issuer credit spreads increase or widen, the market value of our investment portfolio may decline. if the credit spread widening is significant and occurs over an extended period of time, the company may recognize other-than-temporary impairments, resulting in decreased earnings. if credit spreads tighten, significantly, the company's net investment income associated with new purchases of fixed maturities may be reduced. in addition, the value of credit derivatives under which the company assumes exposure or purchases protection are impacted by changes in credit spreads, with losses occurring when credit spreads widen for assumed exposure or when credit spreads tighten if credit protection has been purchased.
•   equity markets risk - a decline in equity markets may result in unrealized capital losses on investments in equity securities recorded against net income and lower earnings from hartford funds where fee income is earned based upon the fair value of the assets under management. equity markets are unpredictable. during 2018 and 2019, the equity markets were more volatile than in prior periods, which could be indicative of a greater risk of a decline. for additional information on equity market sensitivity, see part ii, item 7, md&amp;a - enterprise risk management, financial risk- equity risk.
•   interest rate risk - global economic conditions may result in the persistence of a low interest rate environment which would continue to pressure our net investment income and could result in lower margins on certain products. for additional information on interest rate sensitivity, see part ii, item 7, md&amp;a - enterprise risk management, financial risk - interest rate risk new and renewal business for our property and casualty and group benefits products is priced considering prevailing interest rates. as interest rates decline, in order to achieve the same economic return, we would have to increase product prices to offset the lower anticipated investment income earned on invested premiums. conversely, as interest rates rise, pricing targets will tend to decrease to reflect higher anticipated investment income. our ability to effectively react to such changes in interest rates may affect our competitiveness in the marketplace, and in turn, could reduce written premium and earnings. for additional information on interest rate sensitivity, see part ii, item 7, md&a - enterprise risk management, financial risk - interest rate risk.
in addition, due to the long-term nature of the liabilities within our group benefits operations, particularly for long-term disability, declines in interest rates over an extended period of time would result in our having to reinvest at lower yields. on the other hand, a rise in interest rates, in the absence of other countervailing changes, would reduce the market value of our investment portfolio. a decline in market value of invested assets due to an increase in interest rates could also limit our ability to realize tax benefits from recognized capital losses.
•   inflation risk - inflation is a risk to our property and casualty business because, in many cases, claims are paid out many years after a policy is written and premium is collected for the risk. accordingly, a greater than expected increase in inflation related to the cost of medical services and repairs over the claim settlement period can result in higher claim costs than what was estimated at the time the policy was written. inflation can also affect consumer spending and business investment which can reduce the demand for our products and services.
•   foreign currency exchange rate - changes in foreign currency exchange rates may impact our non-u.s. dollar denominated investments and foreign subsidiaries. as the company has expanded its international operations, exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. we hold cash and fixed maturity securities denominated in foreign currencies, including british pounds and canadian dollars, among others, and also have other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as premiums receivable and loss reserves. while the company predominately uses asset-liability matching, including the use of derivatives, to hedge certain of these exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, these actions do not eliminate the risk that changes in the exchange rates of foreign currencies to the u.s. dollar could result in financial loss to the company, including realized or unrealized capital losses resulting from currency revaluation and increases to regulatory capital requirements for foreign subsidiaries that have net assets that are not denominated in their local currency. for additional information on foreign exchange risk, see part ii, item 7, md&amp;a - enterprise risk management, financial risk.
concentration of our investment portfolio increases the potential for significant losses.
the concentration of our investment portfolios in any particular industry, collateral type, group of related industries or geographic sector could have an adverse effect on our investment portfolios and consequently on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. events or developments that have a negative impact on any particular industry, collateral type, group of related industries or geographic region may have a greater adverse effect on our investment portfolio to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated rather than diversified.
part i - item 1a. risk factors further, if issuers of securities or loans we hold are acquired, merge or otherwise consolidate with other issuers of securities or loans held by the company, our investment portfolio's credit concentration risk to issuers could increase for a period of time, until the company is able to sell securities to get back in compliance with the established investment credit policies.
changing climate and weather patterns may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation.
climate change presents risks to us as an insurer, investor and employer. climate models indicate that rising temperatures will likely result in rising sea levels over the decades to come and may increase the frequency and intensity of natural catastrophes and severe weather events. extreme weather events such as abnormally high temperatures may result in increased losses associated with our property, auto, workers' compensation and group benefits businesses. changing climate patterns may also increase the duration, frequency and intensity of heat/cold waves, which may result in increased claims for property damage, business interruption and losses under workers' compensation, group disability and group life coverages. precipitation patterns across the u.s. are projected to change, which if realized, may increase risks of flash floods and wildfires. additionally, there may be an impact on the demand, price and availability of automobile and homeowners insurance, and there is a risk of higher reinsurance costs or more limited availability of reinsurance coverage. changes in climate conditions may also cause our underlying modeling data to not adequately reflect frequency and severity, limiting our ability to effectively evaluate and manage risks of catastrophes and severe weather events. among other impacts, this could result in not charging enough premiums or not obtaining timely state approvals for rate increases to cover the risks we insure. we may also experience significant interruptions to the company's systems and operations that hinder our ability to sell and service business, manage claims and operate our business.
in addition, climate change-related risks may adversely impact the value of the securities that we hold. the effects of climate change could also lead to increased credit risk of other counterparties we transact business with, including reinsurers. rising sea levels may lead to decreases in real estate values in coastal areas, reducing premium and demand for commercial property and homeowners insurance and adversely impacting the value of our real estate-related investments. additionally, government policies or regulations to slow climate change, such as emission controls or technology mandates, may have an adverse impact on sectors such as utilities, transportation and manufacturing, affecting demand for our products and our investments in these sectors.
changes in security asset prices may impact the value of our fixed income, real estate and commercial mortgage investments, resulting in realized or unrealized losses on our invested assets. our decision to invest in certain securities and loans may also be impacted by changes in climate patterns due to:
•   changes in supply/demand characteristics for fuel (e.g., coal, oil, natural gas)
•   advances in low-carbon technology and renewable energy development and
•   effects of extreme weather events on the physical and operational exposure of industries and issuers because there is significant variability associated with the impacts of climate change, we cannot predict how physical, legal, regulatory and social responses may impact our business.
the discontinuance of libor may adversely affect the value of certain investments we hold and floating rate securities we have issued, and any other assets or liabilities whose value may be tied to libor.
libor is an indicative measure of the average interest rate at which major global banks could borrow from one another. libor is used as a benchmark or reference rate in certain derivatives and floating rate fixed maturities that are part of our investment portfolio, as well as two classes of junior subordinated debentures that we have issued and are currently outstanding.
in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority announced that by the end of 2021, it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to report information used to set libor, which could result in libor no longer being published after 2021 or a determination by regulators that libor is no longer representative of its underlying market. since 2017, actions by regulators have resulted in efforts to establish alternative reference rates to libor in several major currencies. the alternative reference rate committee, a group of private-market participants convened by the federal reserve board and the federal reserve bank of new york, has recommended the secured overnight funding rate ("sofr") as its preferred alternative rate for u.s. dollar libor. sofr is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, and is based on directly observable u.s. treasury-backed repurchase transactions. the federal reserve bank of new york began publishing daily sofr in april 2018. development of broadly accepted methodologies for transitioning from libor, an unsecured forward-looking rate, to sofr, a secured rate based on historical transactions, is ongoing.
the company continues to monitor and assess the potential impacts of the discontinuation of libor, which will vary depending on (1) existing contract language to determine a libor replacement rate, referred to as "fallback provisions", in individual contracts and (2) whether, how, and when industry participants develop and widely adopt new reference rates and fallback provisions for both existing and new products or instruments. at this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to these new rates and the effect that the discontinuation of libor might have on new or existing financial instruments. if libor ceases to exist or is found by regulators to no longer be representative, outstanding contracts with interest rates tied to libor may be adversely affected and impact our results of operations through a reduction in value of some of our libor referenced floating rate investments, an increase in the interest we pay on our outstanding junior subordinated debentures, or an adverse impact to hedge effectiveness of derivatives or availability of hedge accounting. additionally, any discontinuation of or transition from libor may impact pricing, valuation and risk analytic processes and hedging strategies.
for additional information on the company's financial instruments that are tied to libor, see part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition part i - item 1a. risk factors and results of operation, enterprise risk management, financial risk.
the withdrawal of the u.k. from the e.u. may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation.
in june 2016, the u.k voted in a national referendum to withdraw from the e.u. ("brexit") and formal negotiations on the separation process, including the final exit date, have been ongoing and extended various times. the u.k. officially departed from the e.u. on january 31, 2020, with the existing trade agreement (between the e.u. and u.k.) in effect until its expiration date on december 31, 2020.
prolonged uncertainty relating to the terms of the u.k.'s withdrawal, could, among other outcomes, cause significant volatility in global financial markets, currency exchange rate fluctuations and asset valuations, and disrupt the u.k. market and the e.u. markets by increasing restrictions on the trade and free movement of goods, services and people between the u.k. and the e.u. the withdrawal could also lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the u.k. determines which e.u. laws to replace or replicate.
as a result of the acquisition of navigators group, we have international operations in the u.k. and e.u. while navigators group has implemented measures to sell business in the e.u. independently of its u.k. insurance companies, either through its own belgium insurance subsidiary or by having its lloyd's syndicate write business through the lloyd's subsidiary in belgium, brexit may cause disruptions throughout the u.k. and e.u. should we seek to access the e.u. market through our u.k. insurance companies, that will depend on general trade and services agreements made by the u.k. with the e.u. or on specific arrangements made by our u.k. insurance companies to retain access to the e.u. market. in addition, the ability to access the e.u. market through our lloyd's syndicate depends on lloyd's being able to comply with e.u. regulations through its belgium subsidiary. the consequence of making such specific arrangements may increase our cost of doing business.
the consequences of u.k.'s withdrawal from the e.u. in the long term are unknown and not quantifiable at this time. however, given the lack of comparable precedent, any effects of a withdrawal may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
insurance industry and product related risks unfavorable loss development may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
we establish property and casualty loss reserves to cover our estimated liability for the payment of all unpaid losses and loss expenses incurred with respect to premiums earned on our policies. loss reserves are estimates of what we expect the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost, less what has been paid to date. these estimates are based upon actuarial projections and on our assessment of currently available data, as well as estimates of claims severity and frequency, legal theories of liability and other factors. for risks due to evolving changes in social, economic and environmental conditions, see the risk factor, "unexpected and unintended claim and coverage issues under our insurance contracts may adversely impact our financial performance."
loss reserve estimates are refined periodically as experience develops and claims are reported and settled, potentially resulting in increases to our reserves. increases in reserves would be recognized as an expense during the periods in which these determinations are made, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations for those periods. in addition, since reserve estimates of aggregate loss costs for prior years are used in pricing our insurance products, inaccurate reserves can lead to our products not being priced adequately to cover actual losses and related loss expenses in order to generate a profit.
we continue to receive a&e claims, the vast majority of which relate to policies written before 1986. estimating the ultimate gross reserves needed for unpaid losses and related expenses for asbestos and environmental claims is particularly difficult for insurers and reinsurers. the actuarial tools and other techniques used to estimate the ultimate cost of more traditional insurance exposures tend to be less precise when used to estimate reserves for some a&e exposures.
moreover, the assumptions used to estimate gross reserves for a&e claims, such as claim frequency over time, average severity, and how various policy provisions will be interpreted, are subject to significant uncertainty. it is also not possible to predict changes in the legal and legislative environment and their effect on the future development of a&e claims. these factors, among others, make the variability of gross reserves estimates for these longer-tailed exposures significantly greater than for other more traditional exposures.
effective december 31, 2016, the company entered into an agreement with national indemnity company ("nico"), a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway inc. ("berkshire") whereby the company is reinsured for subsequent adverse development on substantially all of its net a&e reserves up to an aggregate net limit of $1.5 billion. we remain directly liable to claimants and if the reinsurer does not fulfill its obligations under the agreement or if future adverse development exceeds the $1.5 billion aggregate limit, we may need to increase our recorded net reserves which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. for additional information related to risks associated with the adverse development cover, see note 11 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
our insurance operations expose us to claims arising out of catastrophes. catastrophes can be caused by various unpredictable natural events, including, among others, earthquakes, hurricanes, hailstorms, severe winter weather, wind storms, fires, tornadoes, and pandemics. catastrophes can also be man-made, such as terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks, explosions or infrastructure failures.
the geographic distribution of our business subjects us to catastrophe exposure for events occurring in a number of areas, including, but not limited to: hurricanes in florida, the gulf coast, part i - item 1a. risk factors the northeast and the atlantic coast regions of the united states; tornadoes and hail in the midwest and southeast; earthquakes in geographical regions exposed to seismic activity; wildfires in the west and the spread of disease. we are also exposed to catastrophe losses in other parts of the world through our global specialty business. any increases in the values and concentrations of insureds and property in these areas would increase the severity of catastrophic events in the future. in addition, changes in climate and/or weather patterns may increase the frequency and/or intensity of severe weather and natural catastrophe events potentially leading to increased insured losses. potential examples include, but are not limited to:
•   an increase in the frequency or intensity of wind and thunderstorm and tornado/hailstorm events due to increased convection in the atmosphere,
•   higher incidence of deluge flooding, and
•   the potential for an increase in frequency and severity of hurricane events.
for a further discussion of climate-related risks, see the above-referenced risk factor, "changing climate and weather patterns may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation."
our businesses also have exposure to global or nationally occurring pandemics caused by highly infectious and potentially fatal diseases spread through human, animal or plant populations.
in the event of one or more catastrophes, policyholders may be unable to meet their obligations to pay premiums on our insurance policies. further, our liquidity could be constrained by a catastrophe, or multiple catastrophes, which could result in extraordinary losses. in addition, in part because accounting rules do not permit insurers to reserve for such catastrophic events until they occur, claims from catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. the amount we charge for catastrophe exposure may be inadequate if the frequency or severity of catastrophe losses changes over time or if the models we use to estimate the exposure prove inadequate. in addition, regulators or legislators could limit our ability to charge adequate pricing for catastrophe exposures or shift more responsibility for covering risk.
terrorism is an example of a significant man-made caused potential catastrophe. private sector catastrophe reinsurance is limited and generally unavailable for terrorism losses caused by attacks with nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological weapons. in addition, workers' compensation policies generally do not have exclusions or limitations for terrorism losses. reinsurance coverage from the federal government under the terrorism risk insurance program (the "program") reauthorization act of 2019 ("tripra 2019") is also limited and only applies for certified acts of terrorism that exceed a certain threshold of industry losses. accordingly, the effects of a terrorist attack in the geographic areas we serve may result in claims and related losses for which we do not have adequate reinsurance. tripra 2019 also requires that the federal government create the following reports, which could lead to additional legislation or regulation: (1) treasury department to include in its biennial report on the effectiveness of the program an evaluation of the availability and affordability of terrorism risk insurance for places of worship; and
(2) government accountability office report to analyze and address the vulnerabilities and potential costs of cyber terrorism, adequacy of coverage under the program, and to make recommendations for future legislative changes to address evolving cyber terrorism risks. further, the continued threat of terrorism and the occurrence of terrorist attacks, as well as heightened security measures and military action in response to these threats and attacks or other geopolitical or military crises, may cause significant volatility in global financial markets, disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. these consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of the assets in our investment portfolio. terrorist attacks also could disrupt our operation centers. in addition, tripra 2019 expires on december 31, 2027 and if the u.s. congress does not reauthorize the program or significantly reduces the government's share of covered terrorism losses, the company's exposure to terrorism losses could increase materially unless it can purchase alternative terrorism reinsurance protection in the private markets at affordable prices or takes actions to materially reduce its exposure in lines of business subject to terrorism risk. for a further discussion of tripra, see part ii, item 7, md&a - enterprise risk management - insurance risk management, reinsurance as a risk management strategy.
as a result, it is possible that any, or a combination of all, of these factors related to a catastrophe, or multiple catastrophes, whether natural or man-made, can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
pricing for our products is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks, estimate losses and comply with state and international insurance regulations.
we seek to price our property and casualty and group benefits insurance policies such that insurance premiums and future net investment income earned on premiums received will provide for an acceptable profit in excess of underwriting expenses and the cost of paying claims. pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors, including proper evaluation of underwriting risks, the ability to project future claim costs, our expense levels, net investment income realized, our response to rate actions taken by competitors, legal and regulatory developments, including in international markets, and the ability to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes.
state insurance departments regulate many of the premium rates we charge and also propose rate changes for the benefit of the property and casualty consumer at the expense of the insurer, which may not allow us to reach targeted levels of profitability. in addition to regulating rates, certain states have enacted laws that require a property and casualty insurer to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities, joint underwriting associations and other residual market plans. state regulators also require that an insurer offer property and casualty coverage to all consumers and often restrict an insurer's ability to charge the price it might otherwise charge or restrict an insurer's ability to offer or enforce specific policy deductibles. in these markets, we may be compelled to underwrite significant amounts of business at lower than desired rates or accept additional risk not contemplated in our existing rates, participate in the operating losses of residual market plans or pay assessments to fund operating deficits of state-sponsored funds, possibly leading to part i - item 1a. risk factors lower returns on equity. the laws and regulations of many states also limit an insurer's ability to withdraw from one or more lines of insurance in the state, except pursuant to a plan that is approved by the state's insurance department. additionally, certain states require insurers to participate in guaranty funds for impaired or insolvent insurance companies. these funds periodically assess losses against all insurance companies doing business in the state. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. for more on international regulatory risks, see the risk factor, "regulatory and legislative developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity."
additionally, the property and casualty and group benefits insurance markets have been historically cyclical, experiencing periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, less restrictive underwriting standards, more expansive coverage offerings, multi-year rate guarantees and declining premium rates, followed by periods of relatively low levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards, more coverage restrictions and increasing premium rates. in all of our property and casualty and group benefits insurance product lines and states, there is a risk that the premium we charge may ultimately prove to be inadequate as reported losses emerge. in addition, there is a risk that regulatory constraints, price competition or incorrect pricing assumptions could prevent us from achieving targeted returns. inadequate pricing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
competitive activity, use of predictive analytics, or technological changes may adversely affect our market share, demand for our products, or our financial results.
the industries in which we operate are highly competitive. our principal competitors are other property and casualty insurers, group benefits providers and providers of mutual funds and exchange-traded products. competitors may expand their risk appetites in products and services where the hartford currently enjoys a competitive advantage. larger competitors with more capital and new entrants to the market could result in increased pricing pressures on a number of our products and services and may harm our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. for example, larger competitors, including those formed through consolidation or who may acquire new entrants to the market, such as insurtech firms, may have lower operating costs and an ability to absorb greater risk while maintaining their financial strength ratings, thereby allowing them to price their products more competitively. in addition, a number of insurers are making use of predictive analytics to, among other things, improve pricing accuracy, be more targeted in marketing, strengthen customer relationships and provide more customized loss prevention services. if they are able to use predictive analytics and other data and/or adopt innovative new technologies more effectively than we are, it may give them a competitive advantage. because of the highly competitive nature of the industries we compete in, there can be no assurance that we will continue to compete effectively with our industry rivals, or that competitive pressure will not have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our business could also be affected by technological changes, including further advancements in automotive safety features, the development of autonomous or "self-driving" vehicles, and platforms that facilitate ride sharing. these technologies could impact the frequency or severity of losses, disrupt the demand for certain of our products, or reduce the size of the automobile insurance market as a whole. in addition, our business may be disrupted due to failures of accelerated technological changes, including our automation of minimally complex tasks, which may adversely impact our business and results of operations. the risks we insure are also affected by the increased use of technology in homes and businesses, including technology used in heating, ventilation, air conditioning and security systems and the introduction of more automated loss control measures. while there is substantial uncertainty about the timing, penetration and reliability of such technologies, and the legal frameworks that may apply, such as to autonomous vehicles, any such impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we may experience difficulty in marketing and providing insurance products and investment advisory services through distribution channels and advisory firms.
we distribute our insurance products, mutual funds and etps through a variety of distribution channels and financial intermediaries, including brokers, independent agents, wholesale agents, reinsurance brokers, broker-dealers, banks, registered investment advisors, affinity partners, our own internal sales force and other third-party organizations. in some areas of our business, we generate a significant portion of our business through third-party arrangements. for example, we market personal lines products in large part through an exclusive licensing arrangement with aarp that continues through january 1, 2023. our ability to distribute products through the aarp program may be adversely impacted by membership levels and the pace of membership growth. in addition, the independent agent and broker distribution channel is consolidating which could result in a larger proportion of written premium being concentrated among fewer agents and brokers, potentially increasing our cost of acquiring new business. while we periodically seek to renew or extend third party arrangements, there can be no assurance that our relationship with these third parties will continue or that the economics of these relationships won't change to make them less financially attractive to the company. an interruption in our relationship with certain of these third parties could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
unexpected and unintended claim and coverage issues under our insurance contracts may adversely impact our financial performance.
changes in industry practices and in legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions, technological advances or fraudulent activities, may require us to pay claims we did not intend to cover when we wrote the policies. social, economic and environmental issues, including rising income inequality, climate change, prescription drug use and addiction, exposures to new substances or those previously considered to be safe and sexual part i - item 1a. risk factors harassment claims, along with the use of social media to proliferate messaging around such issues, has expanded the theories for reporting claims, which may increase our claims administration and/or litigation costs. state and local governments' increased efforts aimed to respond to the costs and concerns associated with these types of issues, may also lead to expansive, new theories for reporting claims. in addition, these and other social, economic and environmental issues may either extend coverage beyond our underwriting intent or increase the frequency or severity of claims. some of these changes, advances or activities may not become apparent until some time after we have issued insurance contracts that are affected by the changes, advances or activities and/or we may be unable to compensate for such losses through future pricing and underwriting. as a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance contracts may not be known for many years after a contract is issued, and this liability may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity at the time it becomes known.
financial strength, credit and counterparty risks downgrades in our financial strength or credit ratings may make our products less attractive, increase our cost of capital and inhibit our ability to refinance our debt.
financial strength and credit ratings are important in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. rating agencies assign ratings based upon several factors. while most of the factors relate to the rated company, others relate to the views of the rating agency (including its assessment of the strategic importance of the rated company to the insurance group), general economic conditions, and circumstances outside the rated company's control. in addition, rating agencies may employ different models and formulas to assess the financial strength of a rated company, and from time to time rating agencies have altered these models. changes to the models or factors used by the rating agencies to assign ratings could adversely impact a rating agency's judgment of its internal rating and the publicly issued rating it assigns us.
our financial strength ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet policyholder obligations, are an important factor affecting public confidence in most of our products and, as a result, our competitiveness. a downgrade or a potential downgrade in the rating of our financial strength or of one of our principal insurance subsidiaries could affect our competitive position and reduce future sales of our products.
our credit ratings also affect our cost of capital. a downgrade or a potential downgrade of our credit ratings could make it more difficult or costly to refinance maturing debt obligations, to support business growth at our insurance subsidiaries and to maintain or improve the financial strength ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries. these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. for a further discussion of potential impacts of ratings downgrades on derivative instruments, including potential collateral calls, see part ii, item 7, md&a - capital resources and liquidity - derivative commitments.
the amount of capital that we must hold to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings and meet other requirements can vary significantly from time to time and is sensitive to a number of factors outside of our control.
we conduct the vast majority of our business through licensed insurance company subsidiaries. in the united states, statutory accounting standards and statutory capital and reserve requirements for these entities are prescribed by the applicable insurance regulators and the naic. the minimum capital we must hold is based on risk-based capital ("rbc") formulas for both life and property and casualty companies. the rbc formula for life companies is applicable to our group benefits business and establishes capital requirements relating to insurance, business, asset, credit, interest rate and off-balance sheet risks. the rbc formula for property and casualty companies sets required statutory surplus levels based on underwriting, asset, and credit and off-balance sheet risks.
countries in which our international insurance subsidiaries are incorporated or deemed commercially domiciled are subject to regulatory requirements as defined by the regulatory jurisdiction, including solvency ii. in addition, our lloyd's member company is required to maintain required funds at lloyd's ("fal") to meet the capital requirements of its syndicate. the fal is determined based on the syndicate's solvency capital requirement ("scr") under the e.u.'s solvency ii capital adequacy model plus an economic capital assessment determined by the lloyd's franchise board (which is responsible for the day-to-day management of the lloyd's market).
in any particular year, statutory surplus amounts , rbc ratios, fal and scr may increase or decrease depending on a variety of factors, including (as applicable)
•   the amount of statutory income or losses generated by our insurance subsidiaries,
•   the amount of additional capital our insurance subsidiaries must hold to support business growth,
•   the amount of dividends or distributions taken out of our insurance subsidiaries or lloyd's member company,
•   changes in equity market levels,
•   the value of certain fixed-income and equity securities in our investment portfolio,
•   the value of certain derivative instruments,
•   changes in interest rates,
•   admissibility of deferred tax assets, and
•   changes to the regulatory capital formulas.
most of these factors are outside of the company's control. the company's financial strength and credit ratings are significantly influenced by the amount of capital and regulatory capital formulas of various insurance operations. in addition, rating agencies may implement changes to their regulatory capital formulas that have the effect of increasing the amount of capital we must hold in order to maintain our current ratings. the part i - item 1a. risk factors regulatory capital formulas could also be negatively affected if the naic, state insurance regulators or other insurance regulators change the accounting guidance for determining capital adequacy. if our capital resources are insufficient to maintain a particular rating by one or more rating agencies, we may need to use holding company resources or seek to raise capital through public or private equity or debt financing. if we were not to raise additional capital, either at our discretion or because we were unable to do so, our financial strength and credit ratings might be downgraded by one or more rating agencies.
losses due to nonperformance or defaults by counterparties can have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments, reduce our profitability or sources of liquidity.
we have credit risk with counterparties associated with investments, derivatives, premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables and indemnifications provided by third parties in connection with previous dispositions. among others, our counterparties include issuers of fixed maturity and equity securities we hold, borrowers of mortgage loans we hold, customers, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other derivative contracts, reinsurers, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries and guarantors. these counterparties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud, government intervention and other reasons. in addition, for exchange-traded derivatives, such as futures, options and "cleared" over-the-counter derivatives, the company is generally exposed to the credit risk of the relevant central counterparty clearing house. defaults by these counterparties on their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments, business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. additionally, if the underlying assets supporting the structured securities we invest in default on their payment obligations, our securities will incur losses.
the availability of reinsurance and our ability to recover under reinsurance contracts may not be sufficient to protect us against losses.
as an insurer, we frequently use reinsurance to reduce the effect of losses that may arise from, among other things, catastrophes and other risks that can cause unfavorable results of operations. in addition, our assumed reinsurance business purchases retrocessional coverage for a portion of the risks it assumes. under these reinsurance arrangements, other insurers assume a portion of our losses and related expenses; however, we remain liable as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. consequently, ceded reinsurance arrangements do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims, and we are subject to our reinsurers' credit risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from them. the inability or unwillingness of any reinsurer or retrocessionaire to meet its financial obligations to us, including the impact of any insolvency or rehabilitation proceedings involving a reinsurer or retrocessionaire that could affect the company's access to collateral held in trust, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
in addition, should the availability and cost of reinsurance change materially, we may have to pay higher reinsurance costs, accept an increase in our net liability exposure, reduce the amount of business we write, or access to the extent possible other alternatives to reinsurance, such as use of the capital markets. further, due to the inherent uncertainties as to collection and the length of time before reinsurance recoverables will be due, it is possible that future adjustments to the company's reinsurance recoverables, net of the allowance, could be required, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated results of operations or cash flows in a particular quarterly or annual period.
the payment of future dividends on our capital stock is subject to the discretion of our board of directors, which considers, among other factors, our operating results, overall financial condition, credit-risk considerations and capital requirements, as well as general business and market conditions. our board of directors may only declare such dividends out of funds legally available for such payments. moreover, our common stockholders are subject to the prior dividend rights of any holders of depositary shares representing preferred stock then outstanding. the terms of our outstanding junior subordinated debt securities prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on our capital stock or purchasing, acquiring, or making a liquidation payment on such stock, if we have given notice of our election to defer interest payments and the related deferral period has not yet commenced or a deferral period is continuing.
moreover, as a holding company that is separate and distinct from our insurance subsidiaries, we have no significant business operations of our own. therefore, we rely on dividends from our insurance company subsidiaries and other subsidiaries as the principal source of cash flow to meet our obligations. subsidiary dividends fund payments on our debt securities and the payment of dividends to stockholders on our capital stock. connecticut state laws and certain other u.s. jurisdictions in which we operate limit the payment of dividends and require notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner for the declaration or payment of dividends above certain levels. the laws and regulations of the countries in which our international insurance subsidiaries are incorporated or deemed commercially domiciled, as well as requirements of the council of lloyd's, also impose limitations on the payment of dividends which, in some instances, are more restrictive. dividends paid from our insurance subsidiaries are further dependent on their cash requirements. in addition, in the event of liquidation or reorganization of a subsidiary, prior claims of a subsidiary's creditors may take precedence over the holding company's right to a dividend or distribution from the subsidiary except to the extent that the holding company may be a creditor of that subsidiary. for further discussion on dividends from insurance subsidiaries, see part ii, item 7, md&a - capital resources & liquidity.
part i - item 1a. risk factors risks relating to estimates, assumptions and valuations actual results could materially differ from the analytical models we use to assist our decision making in key areas such as underwriting, pricing, capital management, reserving, investments, reinsurance and catastrophe risks.
we use models to help make decisions related to, among other things, underwriting, pricing, capital allocation, reserving, investments, reinsurance, and catastrophe risk. both proprietary and third party models we use incorporate numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of interest rates, capital requirements, loss frequency and severity, currency exchange rates, policyholder behavior, equity markets and inflation, among others. the models are subject to the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis as the historical internal and industry data and assumptions used in the models may not be indicative of what will happen in the future. consequently, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. the profitability and financial condition of the company substantially depends on the extent to which our actual experience is consistent with assumptions we use in our models and ultimate model outputs. if, based upon these models or other factors, we misprice our products or our estimates of the risks we are exposed to prove to be materially inaccurate, our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity may be adversely affected.
the valuation of our securities and investments and the determination of allowances and impairments are highly subjective and based on methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and market conditions.
estimated fair values of the company's investments are based on available market information and judgments about financial instruments, including estimates of the timing and amounts of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer or counterparty. during periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. there may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the financial environment. in addition, there may be certain securities whose fair value is based on one or more unobservable inputs, even during normal market conditions. as a result, the determination of the fair values of these securities may include inputs and assumptions that require more estimation and management judgment and the use of complex valuation methodologies. these fair values may differ materially from the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. further, rapidly changing or unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. decreases in value could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
similarly, management's decision on whether to record an other-than-temporary impairment or write down is subject to significant judgments and assumptions regarding changes in general economic conditions, the issuer's financial condition or future recovery prospects, estimated future cash flows, the effects of changes in interest rates or credit spreads, the expected recovery period and the accuracy of third party information used in internal assessments. as a result, management's evaluations and assessments are highly judgmental and its projections of future cash flows over the life of certain securities may ultimately prove incorrect as facts and circumstances change.
if our businesses do not perform well, we may be required to establish a valuation allowance against the deferred income tax asset or to recognize an impairment of our goodwill.
our income tax expense includes deferred income taxes arising from temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and carry-forwards for possible foreign tax credits, capital losses and net operating losses. deferred tax assets are assessed periodically by management to determine if it is more likely than not that the deferred income tax assets will be realized. factors in management's determination include the performance of the business, including the ability to generate, from a variety of sources and tax planning strategies, sufficient future taxable income and capital gains before net operating loss and capital loss carry-forwards, if any, expire. if based on available information, it is more likely than not that we are unable to recognize a full tax benefit on deferred tax assets, then a valuation allowance will be established with a corresponding charge to net income (loss). charges to increase our valuation allowance could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
goodwill represents the excess of the amounts we paid to acquire subsidiaries and other businesses over the fair value of their net assets at the date of acquisition. we test goodwill at least annually for impairment. impairment testing is performed based upon estimates of the fair value of the "reporting unit" to which the goodwill relates. the reporting unit is the operating segment or a business one level below an operating segment if discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by management at that level. the fair value of the reporting unit could decrease if new business, customer retention, profitability or other drivers of performance differ from expectations. if it is determined that the goodwill has been impaired, the company must write down the goodwill by the amount of the impairment, with a corresponding charge to net income (loss). these write downs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
strategic and operational risks our businesses may suffer and we may incur substantial costs if we are unable to access our systems and safeguard the security of our part i - item 1a. risk factors data in the event of a disaster, cyber breach or other information security incident.
we use technology to process, store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer and company data and information. our information technology and telecommunications systems, in turn, interface with and rely upon third-party systems. we and our third party vendors must be able to access our systems to provide insurance quotes, process premium payments, make changes to existing policies, file and pay claims, administer mutual funds, provide customer support, manage our investment portfolios, report on financial results and perform other necessary business functions.
systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these business functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers. in the event of a disaster such as a natural catastrophe, a pandemic, an industrial accident, a cyber-attack, a blackout, a terrorist attack (including conventional, nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological) or war, systems upon which we rely may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time. even if our employees and business partners are able to report to work, they may be unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time if our data or systems used to conduct our business are disabled or destroyed.
our systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks, cyber frauds or other computer related penetrations. the frequency and sophistication of such threats continue to increase as well. while, to date, the hartford is not aware of having experienced a material breach of our cyber security systems, administrative, internal accounting and technical controls as well as other preventive actions may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, denial of service, cyber-attacks, business email compromises, ransomware or other security breaches to our systems or those of third parties with whom we do business. such an event could compromise our confidential information as well as that of our clients and third parties, impede or interrupt our business operations and result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, additional regulatory scrutiny and litigation and reputational damage. in addition, we routinely transmit to third parties personal, confidential and proprietary information, which may be related to employees and customers, by email and other electronic means, along with receiving and storing such information on our systems. although we attempt to protect privileged and confidential information, we may be unable to secure the information in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties who may not have appropriate controls to protect confidential information.
our businesses must comply with regulations to control the privacy of customer, employee and third party data, and state, federal and international regulations, including the european union general data protection regulation and california consumer privacy act, regarding data privacy are becoming increasingly more onerous. a misuse or mishandling of confidential or proprietary information could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm.
third parties, including third party administrators and cloud-based systems, are also subject to cyber-breaches of confidential information, along with the other risks outlined above, any one of which may result in our incurring substantial costs and other negative consequences, including a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. while we maintain cyber liability insurance that provides both third party liability and first party insurance coverages, our insurance may not be sufficient to protect against all loss.
performance problems due to outsourcing and other third-party relationships may compromise our ability to conduct business.
we outsource certain business and administrative functions and rely on third-party vendors to perform certain functions or provide certain services on our behalf and have a significant number of information technology and business processes outsourced with a single vendor. if we are unable to reach agreement in the negotiation of contracts or renewals with certain third-party providers, or if such third-party providers experience disruptions or do not perform as anticipated, we may be unable to meet our obligations to customers and claimants, incur higher costs and lose business which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. for other risks associated with our outsourcing of certain functions, see the risk factor, "our businesses may suffer and we may incur substantial costs if we are unable to access our systems and safeguard the security of our data in the event of a disaster, cyber breach or other information security incident."
our ability to execute on capital management plans, expense reduction initiatives and other actions is subject to material challenges, uncertainties and risks.
the ability to execute on capital management plans is subject to material challenges, uncertainties and risks. from time to time, our capital management plans may include the repurchase of common stock, the paydown of outstanding debt or both. we may not achieve all of the benefits we expect to derive from these plans. in the case an equity repurchase plan is approved by the board, such capital management plan would be subject to execution risks, including, among others, risks related to market fluctuations, investor interest and potential legal constraints that could delay execution at an otherwise optimal time. there can be no assurance that we will fully execute any such plan. in addition, we may not be successful in keeping our businesses cost efficient. the company may not be able to achieve all the revenue increases, expense reductions and other synergies that it expects to realize as a result of acquisitions, divestitures or restructurings. we may take future actions, including acquisitions, divestitures or restructurings that may involve additional uncertainties and risks that negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
acquisitions and divestitures may not produce the anticipated benefits and may result in unintended consequences, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses or achieve the expected synergies as a result of such acquisitions part i - item 1a. risk factors or divestitures. the process of integrating an acquired company or business can be complex and costly and may create unforeseen operating difficulties including ineffective integration of underwriting, risk management, claims handling, finance, information technology and actuarial practices. difficulties integrating an acquired business may also result in the acquired business performing differently than we expected including through the loss of customers or in our failure to realize anticipated increased premium growth or expense-related efficiencies. we could be adversely affected by the acquisition due to unanticipated performance issues and additional expense, unforeseen liabilities, transaction-related charges, downgrades of third-party rating agencies, diversion of management time and resources to integration challenges, loss of key employees, regulatory requirements, exposure to tax liabilities, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets or goodwill. in addition, we may be adversely impacted by uncertainties related to reserve estimates of the acquired company and its design and operation of internal controls over financial reporting. we may be unable to distribute as much capital to the holding company as planned due to regulatory restrictions or other reasons that may adversely affect our liquidity.
in addition, in the case of business or asset dispositions, we may have continued financial exposure to the divested businesses through reinsurance, indemnification or other financial arrangements following the transaction. we may also retain a position in securities of the acquirer that purchased the divested business, which subjects us to risks related to the price of the equity securities and our ability to monetize such securities. the expected benefits of acquired or divested businesses may not be realized and involve additional uncertainties and risks that may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
difficulty in attracting and retaining talented and qualified personnel may adversely affect the execution of our business strategies.
our ability to attract, develop and retain talented employees, managers and executives is critical to our success. there is significant competition within and outside the insurance and financial services industry for qualified employees, particularly for individuals with highly specialized knowledge in areas such as underwriting, actuarial, data and analytics, technology and digital commerce. our continued ability to compete effectively in our businesses and to expand into new business areas depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. the loss of any one or more key employees, including executives, managers and employees with strong technological, analytical and other specialized skills, may adversely impact the execution of our business objectives or result in loss of important institutional knowledge. our inability to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. although we use a broad range of measures to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. we may have to litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property and to determine its scope, validity or enforceability, which could divert significant resources and may not prove successful. litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights may not be successful and cost a significant amount of money. the inability to secure or enforce the protection of our intellectual property assets could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete. we also may be subject to costly litigation in the event that another party alleges our operations or activities infringe upon their intellectual property rights, including patent rights, or violate license usage rights. any such intellectual property claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant expense and liability for damages, and in some circumstances we could be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers, or utilizing and benefiting from certain patent, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses, or alternatively could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
regulatory and legal risks regulatory and legislative developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
we are subject to extensive laws and regulations that are complex, subject to change and often conflict in their approach or intended outcomes. compliance with these laws and regulations can increase cost, affect our strategy, and constrain our ability to adequately price our products.
in the u.s., regulatory initiatives and legislative developments may significantly affect our operations and prospects in ways that we cannot predict. for example, further reforms to the affordable care act, and potential modifications of the dodd-frank act could have unanticipated consequences for the company and its businesses. it is unclear whether and to what extent congress will continue to make changes to the dodd-frank act, and how those changes might impact the company, its business, financial conditions, results of operations and liquidity.
our u.s. insurance subsidiaries are regulated by the insurance departments of the states in which they are domiciled, licensed or authorized to conduct business. state regulations generally seek to protect the interests of policyholders rather than an insurer or the insurer's stockholders and other investors. u.s. state laws grant insurance regulatory authorities broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things, licensing and authorizing lines of business, approving policy forms and premium rates, setting statutory capital and reserve requirements, limiting the types and amounts of certain investments and restricting underwriting practices. state insurance departments also set constraints on domestic insurer transactions with affiliates and dividends and, in many cases, must approve affiliate transactions and extraordinary dividends part i - item 1a. risk factors as well as strategic transactions such as acquisitions and divestitures.
our international insurance subsidiaries are subject to the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they operate, including the requirements of the prudential regulation authority and the financial conduct authority in the u.k; the national bank of belgium and the financial services and markets authority in belgium; and the commissariat aux assurances in luxembourg. our lloyd's syndicate is also subject to management and supervision by the council of lloyd's, which has wide discretionary powers to regulate members' underwriting at lloyd's, as well as regulations imposed by overseas regulators where the lloyd's syndicate conducts business.
in addition, future regulatory initiatives could be adopted at the federal, state and international level that could impact the profitability of our businesses. for example, the naic and state insurance regulators are continually reexamining existing laws and regulations, specifically focusing on modifications to u.s. statutory accounting principles, interpretations of existing laws and the development of new laws and regulations. the naic continues to enhance the u.s. system of insurance solvency regulation, with a particular focus on group supervision, risk-based capital, accounting and financial reporting, enterprise risk management and reinsurance which could, among other things, affect statutory measures of capital sufficiency, including risk-based capital ratios.
in addition, changes in laws or regulations, particularly relating to privacy and data security and potential limitations on predictive models, such as use of certain underwriting rating variables, may materially impede our ability to execute on business strategies and/or our ability to be competitive. any proposed or future legislation or naic initiatives, if adopted, may be more restrictive on our ability to conduct business than current regulatory requirements or may result in higher costs or increased statutory capital and reserve requirements. in addition, the federal reserve board and the international association of insurance supervisors ("iais") continue to advance the development of insurance group capital standards. as of january 1, 2020, the iais insurance capital standard entered a five-year monitoring period at the end of which insurance firms are required to be in compliance with such standards. while the company would not currently be subject to either of these capital standard regimes, it is possible that, in the future, standards similar to what is being contemplated by the federal reserve board or the iais could apply to the company. the naic is in the process of developing a u.s. group capital calculation that will employ a methodology based on aggregated risk-based capital.
further, a particular regulator or enforcement authority may interpret a legal, accounting, or reserving issue differently than we have, exposing us to different or additional regulatory risks. the application of these regulations and guidelines by insurers involves interpretations and judgments that may be challenged by state insurance departments and other regulators. the result of those potential challenges could require us to increase levels of regulatory capital and reserves or incur higher operating and/or tax costs.
in addition, our asset management businesses are also subject to extensive regulation in the various jurisdictions where they operate. these laws and regulations are primarily intended to protect investors in the securities markets or investment advisory clients and generally grant supervisory authorities broad administrative powers. compliance with these laws and regulations is costly, time consuming and personnel intensive, and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
our insurance business is sensitive to significant changes in the legal environment that could adversely affect the hartford's results of operations or financial condition or harm its businesses.
like any major p&c insurance company, litigation is a routine part of the hartford's business - both in defending and indemnifying our insureds and in litigating insurance coverage disputes. the hartford accounts for such activity by establishing unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. significant changes in the legal environment could cause our ultimate liabilities to change from our current expectations. such changes could be judicial in nature, like trends in the size of jury awards, developments in the law relating to tort liability or the liability of insurers, and rulings concerning the scope of insurance coverage or the amount or types of damages covered by insurance. in addition, changes in federal or state laws and regulations relating to the liability of insurers or policyholders, including state laws expanding "bad faith" liability and state "reviver" statutes, extending statutes of limitations for certain sexual abuse claims, could result in changes in business practices, additional litigation, or could result in unexpected losses, including increased frequency and severity of claims. it is impossible to forecast such changes reliably, much less to predict how they might affect our loss reserves or how those changes might adversely affect our ability to price our insurance products appropriately. thus, significant judicial or legislative developments could adversely affect the hartford's business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
changes in federal, state or foreign tax laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
changes in federal, state or foreign tax laws and tax rates or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition. the company's federal and state tax returns reflect certain items such as tax-exempt bond interest, tax credits, and insurance reserve deductions. there is an increasing risk that, in the context of deficit reduction or overall tax reform in the u.s., federal and/or state tax legislation could modify or eliminate these items, impacting the company, its investments, investment strategies, and/or its policyholders. in addition, the organization for economic co-operation and development's efforts around global pillars i and ii dealing with possible new digital taxes and global minimum taxes, if enacted, could increase the company's overall tax burden, adversely affecting the company's business, financial condition and results of operation.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the "tax cuts and jobs act" ("tax reform"). there is a risk that congress could enact future legislation that may change or eliminate the provisions of that tax reform or affect how the provisions apply to the company including a corporate tax rate increase or other changes that may affect the manner in which insurance part i - item 1a. risk factors companies are taxed. moreover we could continue to see states enact changes to their tax laws including the state impacts of tax reform, such as limitations on interest deductions and income earned by foreign affiliates, which, in turn, could adversely affect the company's business and financial results. among other risks, there is risk that these additional clarifications could increase the taxes on the company, further increase administrative costs, make the sale of our products more costly and/or make our products less competitive.
regulatory requirements could delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that stockholders might consider in their best interests.
before a person can acquire control of a u.s. insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the state where the domestic insurer is domiciled. prior to granting approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer, the state insurance commissioner will consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the acquirer's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer, and any such additional information as the insurance commissioner may deem necessary or appropriate for the protection of policyholders or in the public interest. generally, state statutes provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10 percent or more of the voting securities of the domestic insurer or its parent company. because a person acquiring 10 percent or more of our common stock would indirectly control the same percentage of the stock of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries, the insurance change of control laws of various u.s. jurisdictions would likely apply to such a transaction. other laws or required approvals pertaining to one or more of our existing subsidiaries, or a future subsidiary, may contain similar or additional restrictions on the acquisition of control of the company. these laws and similar rules applying to subsidiaries domiciled outside of the united states may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control, including transactions that our board of directors and some or all of our stockholders might consider to be desirable.
changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
as an sec registrant, we are currently required to prepare our financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, as promulgated by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"). accordingly, we are required to adopt new guidance or interpretations which may have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition that is either unexpected or has a greater impact than expected. for a description of changes in accounting standards that are currently pending and, if known, our estimates of their expected impact, see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the hartford provides projections and other forward-looking information in the following discussions, which contain many forward-looking statements, particularly relating to the company's future financial performance. these forward-looking statements are estimates based on information currently available to the company, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and are subject to the cautionary statements set forth on pages 4 and 5 of this form 10-k. actual results are likely to differ, and in the past have differed, materially from those forecast by the company, depending on the outcome of various factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth in the following discussion and in part i, item 1a, risk factors, and those identified from time to time in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission. the hartford undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
on may 23, 2019, the company completed the previously announced acquisition of navigators group, a global specialty underwriter, for $70 a share, or $2.137 billion in cash, including transaction expenses. immediately after closing on the acquisition of navigators group, effective may 23, 2019, the company purchased an aggregate excess of loss reinsurance agreement covering adverse development ("navigators adc") from national indemnity company ("nico") on behalf of navigators insurance company and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the "navigators insurers"). for further information regarding the navigators adc, refer to insurance risk in the enterprise risk management section. navigators group revenue and earnings since the acquisition date are included in the operating results of the company's commercial lines reporting segment. for discussion of this transaction, see note 2 - business acquisitions of notes to consolidated financial statements on may 31, 2018, hartford holdings, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, completed the sale of the issued and outstanding equity of hartford life, inc. ("hli"), a holding company, and its life and annuity operating subsidiaries. for discussion of this transaction, see note 21 - business dispositions and discontinued operations of notes to consolidated financial statements.
on february 16, 2018, the hartford entered into a renewal rights agreement with the farmers exchanges, of the farmers insurance group of companies, to acquire its foremost-branded small commercial business sold through independent agents. written premium from this agreement began in the third quarter of 2018.
certain reclassifications have been made to historical financial information presented in the md&a to conform to the current period presentation.
restricted cash has been reclassified out of cash to a separate line on the consolidated balance sheet.
for discussion of the earliest of the three years included in the financial statements of the current filing, please refer to part 2, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the hartford's 2018 form 10-k annual report.
index description                                page key performance measures and ratios          35
consolidated results of operations           43
group benefits                               77
enterprise risk management                   82
capital resources and liquidity             100
impact of new accounting standards          108
key performance measures and ratios the company considers the measures and ratios in the following discussion to be key performance indicators for its businesses. management believes that these ratios and measures are useful in understanding the underlying trends in the hartford's businesses. however, these key performance indicators should only be used in conjunction with, and not in lieu of, the results presented in the segment discussions that follow in this md&a. these ratios and measures may not be comparable to other performance measures used by the company's competitors.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations definitions of non-gaap and other measures and ratios assets under management ("aum")- include mutual fund and etp assets. aum is a measure used by the company's hartford funds segment because a significant portion of the company's mutual fund and etp revenues are based upon asset values. these revenues increase or decrease with a rise or fall in aum whether caused by changes in the market or through net flows.
book value per diluted share (excluding aoci)- this is a non-gaap per share measure that is calculated by dividing (a) common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci, after tax, by (b) common shares outstanding and dilutive potential common shares. the company provides this measure to enable investors to analyze the amount of the company's net worth that is primarily attributable to the company's business operations. the company believes that excluding aoci from the numerator is useful to investors because it eliminates the effect of items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period, primarily based on changes in interest rates. book value per diluted share is the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure.
combined ratio- the sum of the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio, the expense ratio and the policyholder dividend ratio. this ratio is a relative measurement that describes the related cost of losses and expenses for every $100 of earned premiums. a combined ratio below 100 demonstrates underwriting profit; a combined ratio above 100 demonstrates underwriting losses.
core earnings- the hartford uses the non-gaap measure core earnings as an important measure of the company's operating performance. the hartford believes that core earnings provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of the company's ongoing businesses because it reveals trends in our insurance and financial services businesses that may be obscured by including the net effect of certain items. therefore, the following items are excluded from core earnings:
•   certain realized capital gains and losses - some realized capital gains and losses are primarily driven by investment decisions and external economic developments, the nature and timing of which are unrelated to the insurance and underwriting aspects of our business. accordingly, core earnings excludes the effect of all realized gains and losses that tend to be highly variable from period to period based on capital market conditions. the hartford believes, however, that some realized capital gains and losses are integrally related to our insurance operations, so core earnings includes net realized gains and losses such as net periodic settlements on credit derivatives. these net realized gains and losses are directly related to an offsetting item included in the income statement such as net investment income.
•   integration and transaction costs in connection with an acquired business - as transaction costs are incurred upon acquisition of a business and integration costs are completed within a short period after an acquisition, they do not represent ongoing costs of the business.
•   loss on extinguishment of debt - largely consisting of make-whole payments or tender premiums upon paying debt off before maturity, these losses are not a recurring operating expense of the business.
•   gains and losses on reinsurance transactions - gains or losses on reinsurance, such as those entered into upon sale of a business or to reinsure loss reserves, are not a recurring operating expense of the business.
•   change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business - these changes in loss reserves are excluded from core earnings because such changes could obscure the ability to compare results in periods after the acquisition to results of periods prior to the acquisition.
•   income tax benefit from reduction in deferred income tax valuation allowance - valuation allowances, including the establishment and/or release of an allowance, against tax attributes like capital loss and net operating loss carryovers are infrequent.
•   results of discontinued operations - these results are excluded from core earnings for businesses sold or held for sale because such results could obscure the ability to compare period over period results for our ongoing businesses.
•   deferred gain resulting from retroactive reinsurance and subsequent changes in the deferred gain - retroactive reinsurance agreements economically transfer risk to the reinsurers and including the full benefit from retroactive reinsurance in core earnings provides greater insight into the economics of the business.
in addition to the above components of net income available to common stockholders that are excluded from core earnings, preferred stock dividends declared, which are excluded from net income available to common stockholders, are included in the determination of core earnings. preferred stock dividends are a cost of financing more akin to interest expense on debt and are expected to be a recurring expense as long as the preferred stock is outstanding.
net income (loss), net income (loss) available to common stockholders and income from continuing operations, net of tax, available to common stockholders (during periods when the company reports significant discontinued operations) are the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures to core earnings. income from continuing operations, net of tax, available to common stockholders is net income available to common stockholders, excluding the income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax. core earnings should not be considered as a substitute for net income (loss), net income (loss) available to common stockholders or income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax, available to common stockholders and does not reflect the overall profitability of the company's business. therefore, the hartford believes that it is useful for investors to evaluate net income (loss), net income (loss) available to common stockholders, income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax, available to common stockholders and core earnings when reviewing the company's performance.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reconciliation of net income to core earnings for the years ended december 31,
adjustments to reconcile net income available to common stockholders to core earnings:
net realized capital losses (gains) excluded from core earnings, before tax                   (389     )         118         (160        )
loss on extinguishment of debt, before tax                                                      90                 6         -
integration and transaction costs associated with acquired business, before tax                 91                47                17
change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business, before tax                              97                 -         -
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance, before tax                                  16                 -         -
income tax expense (benefit) [1]                                                                 2               (75     )   669
loss (income) from discontinued operations, net of tax                                           -              (322     )   2,869
[1]   includes income tax benefit on items not included in core earnings and other federal income tax benefits and charges, including an $877 charge in 2017 primarily due to a reduction in net deferred tax assets as a result of the decrease in the federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%.
core earnings margin-  the hartford uses the non-gaap measure core earnings margin to evaluate, and believes it is an important measure of, the group benefits segment's operating performance. core earnings margin is calculated by dividing core earnings by revenues, excluding buyouts and realized gains (losses). net income margin is the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure. the company believes that core earnings margin provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of group benefits because it reveals trends in the business that may be obscured by the effect of buyouts and realized gains (losses) as well as other items excluded in the calculation of core earnings. core earnings margin should not be considered as a substitute for net income margin and does not reflect the overall profitability of group benefits. therefore, the company believes it is important for investors to evaluate both core earnings margin and net income margin when reviewing performance.  a reconciliation of net income to core earnings margin is set forth in the group benefits operating summary.
current accident year catastrophe ratio- a component of the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio, represents the ratio of catastrophe losses incurred in the current accident year (net of reinsurance) to earned premiums. for u.s. events, a catastrophe is an event that causes $25 or more in industry insured property losses and affects a significant number of property and casualty policyholders and insurers, as defined by the property claim services office of verisk. for international events, the company's approach is similar, informed, in part, by how lloyd's of london defines catastrophes. lloyd's of london is an insurance market-place operating worldwide ("lloyd's"). lloyd's does not underwrite risks. the company accepts risks as the sole member of lloyd's syndicate 1221 ("lloyd's syndicate"). the current accident year catastrophe ratio includes the effect of catastrophe losses, but does not include the effect of reinstatement premiums.
expense ratio- for the underwriting segments of commercial lines and personal lines is the ratio of underwriting expenses less fee income, to earned premiums. underwriting expenses include the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs ("dac") and insurance operating costs and expenses, including certain centralized services costs and bad debt expense. dac include commissions, taxes, licenses and fees and other incremental direct underwriting expenses and are amortized over the policy term.
the expense ratio for group benefits is expressed as the ratio of insurance operating costs and other expenses including amortization of intangibles and amortization of dac, to premiums and other considerations, excluding buyout premiums.
the expense ratio for commercial lines, personal lines and group benefits does not include integration and other transaction costs associated with an acquired business.
fee income- is largely driven from amounts earned as a result of contractually defined percentages of assets under management in our hartford funds business. these fees are generally earned on a daily basis. therefore, the growth in assets under management either through positive net flows or favorable market performance will have a favorable impact on fee income. conversely, either negative net flows or unfavorable market performance will reduce fee income.
loss and loss adjustment expense ratio- a measure of the cost of claims incurred in the calendar year divided by earned premium and includes losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred for both the current and prior accident years. among other factors, the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio needed for the company to achieve its targeted roe fluctuates from year to year based on changes in the expected investment yield over the claim settlement period, the part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations timing of expected claim settlements and the targeted returns set by management based on the competitive environment.
the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio is affected by claim frequency and claim severity, particularly for shorter-tail property lines of business, where the emergence of claim frequency and severity is credible and likely indicative of ultimate losses. claim frequency represents the percentage change in the average number of reported claims per unit of exposure in the current accident year compared to that of the previous accident year. claim severity represents the percentage change in the estimated average cost per claim in the current accident year compared to that of the previous accident year. as one of the factors used to determine pricing, the company's practice is to first make an overall assumption about claim frequency and severity for a given line of business and then, as part of the rate-making process, adjust the assumption as appropriate for the particular state, product or coverage.
loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before catastrophes and prior accident year development- a measure of the cost of non-catastrophe loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred in the current accident year divided by earned premiums. management believes that the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before catastrophes is a performance measure that is useful to investors as it removes the impact of volatile and unpredictable catastrophe losses and prior accident year development.
loss ratio, excluding buyouts- utilized for the group benefits segment and is expressed as a ratio of benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses to premiums and other considerations, excluding buyout premiums. since group benefits occasionally buys a block of claims for a stated premium amount, the company excludes this buyout from the loss ratio used for evaluating the profitability of the business as buyouts may distort the loss ratio. buyout premiums represent takeover of open claim liabilities and other non-recurring premium amounts.
mutual fund and exchange-traded product assets- are owned by the shareholders of those products and not by the company and, therefore, are not reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements except in instances where the company seeds new investment products and holds an investment in the fund for a period of time. mutual fund and etp assets are a measure used by the company primarily because a significant portion of the company's hartford funds segment revenues are based upon asset values. these revenues increase or decrease with a rise or fall in aum whether caused by changes in the market or through net flows.
new business written premium- represents the amount of premiums charged for policies issued to customers who were not insured with the company in the previous policy term. new business written premium plus renewal policy written premium equals total written premium.
policies in force- represents the number of policies with coverage in effect as of the end of the period. the number of policies in force is a growth measure used for personal lines and standard commercial lines (small commercial and middle market lines within middle & large commercial) within commercial lines and is affected by both new business growth and policy count retention.
policy count retention- represents the ratio of the number of policies renewed during the period divided by the number of policies available to renew. the number of policies available to renew represents the number of policies, net of any cancellations, written in the previous policy term. policy count retention is affected by a number of factors, including the percentage of renewal policy quotes accepted and decisions by the company to non-renew policies because of specific policy underwriting concerns or because of a decision to reduce premium writings in certain classes of business or states. policy count retention is also affected by advertising and rate actions taken by competitors.
policyholder dividend ratio- the ratio of policyholder dividends to earned premium.
prior accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio- represents the increase (decrease) in the estimated cost of settling catastrophe and non-catastrophe claims incurred in prior accident years as recorded in the current calendar year divided by earned premiums.
reinstatement premiums- represents additional ceded premium paid for the reinstatement of the amount of reinsurance coverage that was reduced as a result of the company ceding losses to reinsurers.
renewal earned price increase (decrease)- written premiums are earned over the policy term, which is six months for certain personal lines automobile business and twelve months for substantially all of the remainder of the company's property and casualty business. since the company earns premiums over the six to twelve month term of the policies, renewal earned price increases (decreases) lag renewal written price increases (decreases) by six to twelve months.
renewal written price increase (decrease)- for commercial lines, represents the combined effect of rate changes, amount of insurance and individual risk pricing decisions per unit of exposure on standard commercial lines policies that renewed. for personal lines, renewal written price increases represent the total change in premium per policy since the prior year on those policies that renewed and includes the combined effect of rate changes, amount of insurance and other changes in exposure. for personal lines, other changes in exposure include, but are not limited to, the effect of changes in number of drivers, vehicles and incidents, as well as changes in customer policy elections, such as deductibles and limits. the rate component represents the change in rate filed with and approved by state regulators during the period and the amount of insurance represents the change in the value of the rating base, such as model year/vehicle symbol for automobiles, building replacement costs for property and wage inflation for workers' compensation. a number of factors affect renewal written price increases (decreases) including expected loss costs as projected by the company's pricing actuaries, rate filings approved by state regulators, risk selection decisions made by the company's underwriters and marketplace competition. renewal written price changes reflect the property and casualty insurance market cycle. prices tend to increase for a particular line of business part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations when insurance carriers have incurred significant losses in that line of business in the recent past or the industry as a whole commits less of its capital to writing exposures in that line of business. prices tend to decrease when recent loss experience has been favorable or when competition among insurance carriers increases. renewal written price statistics are subject to change from period to period, based on a number of factors, including changes in actuarial estimates and the effect of subsequent cancellations and non-renewals, and modifications made to better reflect ultimate pricing achieved.
return on assets ("roa"), core earnings- the company uses this non-gaap financial measure to evaluate, and believes is an important measure of, the hartford funds segment's operating performance. roa, core earnings is calculated by dividing annualized core earnings by a daily average aum. roa is the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure. the company believes that roa, core earnings, provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of the hartford funds segment because it reveals trends in our business that may be obscured by the effect of items excluded in the calculation of core earnings. roa, core earnings, should not be considered as a substitute for roa and does not reflect the overall profitability of our hartford funds business. therefore, the company believes it is important for investors to evaluate both roa, and roa, core earnings when reviewing the hartford funds segment performance. a reconciliation of roa to roa, core earnings is set forth in the results of operations section within md&a - hartford funds.
underlying combined ratio-this non-gaap financial measure of underwriting results represents the combined ratio before catastrophes, prior accident year development and current accident year change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business. combined ratio is the most directly comparable gaap measure. the underlying combined ratio represents the combined ratio for the current accident year, excluding the impact of current accident year catastrophes and current accident year change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business. the company believes this ratio is an important measure of the trend in profitability since it removes the impact of volatile and unpredictable catastrophe losses and prior accident year loss and loss adjustment expense reserve development. the changes to loss reserves upon acquisition of a business are excluded from underlying combined ratio because such changes could obscure the ability to compare results in periods after the acquisition to results of periods prior to the acquisition as such trends are valuable to our investors' ability to assess the company's financial performance.  a reconciliation of combined ratio to underlying combined ratio is set forth in the commercial lines and personal lines operating summaries.
underwriting gain (loss)- the hartford's management evaluates profitability of the commercial and personal lines segments primarily on the basis of underwriting gain or loss. underwriting gain (loss) is a before tax non-gaap measure that represents earned premiums less incurred losses, loss adjustment expenses and underwriting expenses. net income (loss) is the most directly comparable gaap measure. underwriting gain (loss) is influenced significantly by earned premium growth and the adequacy of the hartford's pricing. underwriting profitability over time is also greatly influenced by the hartford's underwriting discipline, as management strives to manage exposure to loss through favorable risk selection and diversification, effective management of claims, use of reinsurance and its ability to manage its expenses. the hartford believes that the measure underwriting gain (loss) provides investors with a valuable measure of profitability, before tax, derived from underwriting activities, which are managed separately from the company's investing activities.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reconciliation of net income to underwriting gain (loss)
adjustments to reconcile net income to underwriting gain (loss):
net realized capital losses (gains)                                     (271     )          43              (103     )
underwriting gain                                                       $189              $525              $188
adjustments to reconcile net income to underwriting gain (loss):
net realized capital losses (gains)                                      (43     )           7               (15     )
income tax expense (benefit)                                              76               (19     )          26
underwriting gain (loss)                                                $160             $(214     )       $(156     )
written and earned premiums- written premium represents the amount of premiums charged for policies issued, net of reinsurance, during a fiscal period. premiums are considered earned and are included in the financial results on a pro rata basis over the policy period. management believes that written premium is a performance measure that is useful to investors as it reflects current trends in the company's sale of property and casualty insurance products. written and earned premium are recorded net of ceded reinsurance premium.
traditional life and disability insurance type products, such as those sold by group benefits, collect premiums from policyholders in exchange for financial protection for the policyholder from a specified insurable loss, such as death or disability. these premiums, together with net investment income earned, are used to pay the contractual obligations under these insurance contracts. two major factors, new sales and persistency, impact premium growth. sales can increase or decrease in a given year based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, customer demand for the company's product offerings, pricing competition, distribution channels and the company's reputation and ratings. persistency refers to the percentage of premium remaining in-force from year-to-year.
the hartford's operations overview the hartford conducts business principally in five reporting segments including commercial lines, personal lines, property &
casualty other operations, group benefits and hartford funds, as well as a corporate category. the company includes in the corporate category discontinued operations related to the life and annuity business sold in may 2018, reserves for run-off structured settlement and terminal funding agreement liabilities, capital raising activities (including equity financing, debt financing and related interest expense), transaction expenses incurred in connection with an acquisition, purchase accounting adjustments related to goodwill and other expenses not allocated to the reporting segments. corporate also includes investment management fees and expenses related to managing third party business, including management of the invested assets of talcott resolution life, inc. and its subsidiaries ("talcott resolution"). talcott resolution is the holding company of the life and annuity business that we sold in may 2018. in addition, corporate includes a 9.7% ownership interest in the legal entity that acquired the life and annuity business sold.
the company derives its revenues principally from: (a) premiums earned for insurance coverage provided to insureds; (b) management fees on mutual fund and etp assets; (c) net investment income; (d) fees earned for services provided to third parties; and (e) net realized capital gains and losses. premiums charged for insurance coverage are earned principally on a pro rata basis over the terms of the related policies in-force.
the profitability of the company's property and casualty insurance businesses over time is greatly influenced by the company's underwriting discipline, which seeks to manage exposure to loss through favorable risk selection and diversification, its management of claims, its use of reinsurance, the size of its in force block, actual mortality and morbidity experience, and its ability to manage its expense ratio which it part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations accomplishes through economies of scale and its management of acquisition costs and other underwriting expenses. pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors, including the ability to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes, proper evaluation of underwriting risks, the ability to project future loss cost frequency and severity based on historical loss experience adjusted for known trends, the company's response to rate actions taken by competitors, its expense levels and expectations about regulatory and legal developments. the company seeks to price its insurance policies such that insurance premiums and future net investment income earned on premiums received will cover underwriting expenses and the ultimate cost of paying claims reported on the policies and provide for a profit margin. for many of its insurance products, the company is required to obtain approval for its premium rates from state insurance departments and the lloyd's syndicate's ability to write business is subject to lloyd's approval for its premium capacity each year.
similar to property & casualty, profitability of the group benefits business depends, in large part, on the ability to evaluate and price risks appropriately and make reliable estimates of mortality, morbidity, disability and longevity. to manage the pricing risk, group benefits generally offers term insurance policies, allowing for the adjustment of rates or policy terms in order to minimize the adverse effect of market trends, loss costs, declining interest rates and other factors. however, as policies are typically sold with rate guarantees of up to three years, pricing for the company's products could prove to be inadequate if loss and expense trends emerge adversely during the rate guarantee period or if investment returns are lower than expected at the time the products were sold. for some of its products, the company is required to obtain approval for its premium rates from state insurance departments. new and renewal business for group benefits business, particularly for long-term disability, are priced using an assumption about expected investment yields over time. while the company employs asset-liability duration matching strategies to mitigate risk and may use interest-rate sensitive derivatives to hedge its exposure in the group benefits investment portfolio, cash flow patterns related to the payment of benefits and claims are uncertain and actual investment yields could differ significantly from expected investment yields, affecting profitability of the business. in addition to appropriately evaluating and pricing risks, the profitability of the group benefits business depends on other factors, including the company's response to pricing decisions and other actions taken by competitors, its ability to offer voluntary products and self-service capabilities, the persistency of its sold business and its ability to manage its expenses which it seeks to achieve through economies of scale and operating efficiencies.
the financial results of the company's mutual fund and etp businesses depend largely on the amount of assets under management and the level of fees charged based, in part, on asset share class and product type. changes in assets under management are driven by two main factors, net flows, and the market return of the funds, which are heavily influenced by the return realized in the equity and bond markets. net flows are comprised of new sales less redemptions by mutual fund and etp shareholders. financial results are highly correlated to the growth in assets under management since these products generally earn fee income on a daily basis.
the investment return, or yield, on invested assets is an important element of the company's earnings since insurance products are priced with the assumption that premiums received can be invested for a period of time before benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses are paid. due to the need to maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy claim obligations, the majority of the company's invested assets have been held in available-for-sale securities, including, among other asset classes, corporate bonds, municipal bonds, government debt, short-term debt, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations.
the primary investment objective for the company is to maximize economic value, consistent with acceptable risk parameters, including the management of credit risk and interest rate sensitivity of invested assets, while generating sufficient net of tax income to meet policyholder and corporate obligations. investment strategies are developed based on a variety of factors including business needs, regulatory requirements and tax considerations.
for further information on the company's reporting segments, refer to part i, item 1, business - reporting segments.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2019 financial highlights net income available to common stockholders   net income available to common stockholders per diluted share   book value per diluted share ý   increased $263 or 15%                                                                                                                                                          ý   increased $0.71 or 14%                                                      ý   increased $8.79 or 25%
+   higher net investment income and net realized capital gains in 2019                                                                                                            +   increase in net income                                                      +   increase in common stockholders' equity resulting primarily from an increase in aoci, largely driven by the impact of lower interest rates and tighter credit spreads on unrealized capital gains (losses)
-   lower discontinued operations income                                                                                                                                                                                                                           +   net income in excess of stockholder dividends
-   lower non-catastrophe current accident year p&amp;c underwriting results
-   loss on reinsurance and reserve increases due to navigators group acquisition and higher loss on debt extinguishment and integration costs investment yield, after tax   property &amp; casualty combined ratio   group benefits net income margin ý   increased 10 bps                                                                                                                                                                                                                 þ                        improved 0.6 points                                                                                          ý   increased 3.2 points
+                                                                                            change to net realized capital gains in 2019
+                                      lower level of net favorable prior accident year development                                                                                                                                                       -                      higher commission rates on voluntary products
+                                      higher navigators group loss ratio, higher non-catastrophe property losses and a higher workers' compensation loss ratio, partially offset by a lower personal lines auto loss ratio                               -                      greater operating expenses due to investments in technology and claims operations
-   lower reinvestment rates part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results of operations the consolidated results of operations should be read in conjunction with the company's consolidated financial statements and the related notes beginning on page f-1 as well as with the segment operating results sections of the md&a.
consolidated results of operations
net realized capital gains (losses)                            395            (112   )         165                               507                                         (277              )
benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses               11,472          11,165          10,174                               307                                          991
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            1,622           1,384           1,372                               238                                           12
insurance operating costs and other expenses                 4,580           4,281           4,563                               299                                         (282              )
loss on extinguishment of debt                                  90               6               -                                84                                            6
amortization of other intangible assets                         66              68              14                                (2              )                            54
total benefits, losses and expenses                         18,180          17,202          16,439                               978                                          763
income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax         2,085           1,485            (262   )                           600                                        1,747
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax           -             322          (2,869   )                          (322              )                         3,191
net income available to common stockholders increased by $263 driven by an increase in income from continuing operations, partially offset by a reduction in income from discontinued operations due to the sale in may 2018 of the life and annuity business. income from continuing operations, net of tax, increased by $600 primarily due to a change to net realized capital gains in 2019 compared to net realized capital losses in 2018, lower current accident year catastrophe losses in p&c, higher net investment income, and a lower disability loss ratio in group benefits, partially offset by a loss on reinsurance and reserve increases upon the acquisition of navigators group, lower current accident year p&c underwriting results before catastrophes, a higher loss on extinguishment of debt in 2019 and higher integration costs.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations revenue earned premiums
•   an increase in property and casualty reflecting an 18% increase in commercial lines, including the effect of the navigators group acquisition, partially offset by a 6% decline in personal lines.
•   group benefits was relatively flat as the increase in group disability and the higher premium from voluntary products was largely offset by a decrease in group life.
for a discussion of the company's operating results by segment, see md&a - segment operating summaries.
•   partially offset by higher fee income in corporate resulting from fees earned on the management of the investment portfolio of the life and annuity business sold in may 2018 and higher fee income in group benefits related to an increase related to the leave management product and higher persistency.
•   a higher level of invested assets, primarily due to the acquisition of navigators group.
for further discussion of investment results, see md&a - investment results, net investment income.
net realized capital gains improved compared to net realized capital losses in 2018, with gains in 2019 primarily driven by:
•   appreciation in the value of equity securities due to higher equity market levels.
•   higher net gains on sales in 2019 of fixed maturity securities driven by duration and credit management trades.
for further discussion of investment results, see md&a - investment results, net realized capital gains.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations benefits, losses and expenses losses and lae incurred for p&c and gb
[1]   prior accident year development in 2019 included reserve increases of $84 for legacy navigators group reserves.
benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses increased due to:
•   an increase in incurred losses for property &amp; casualty which was driven by an increase in commercial lines, partially offset by a decrease in personal lines, and was driven by:
-   an increase in property &amp; casualty current accident year ("cay") loss and loss adjustment expenses before catastrophes due to the effect of higher earned premium in commercial lines, including the impact of the navigators group acquisition, and higher non-catastrophe property losses, partially offset by a lower personal auto liability loss ratio and the effect of lower earned premium in personal lines.
-   a decrease in favorable net prior accident year reserve development of $102, before tax. prior accident year development in 2019 primarily included reserve decreases for workers' compensation, small commercial package business, catastrophes, personal lines automobile liability, and uncollectible reinsurance, partially offset by increases in general liability and professional liability, including increases in navigators group reserves upon acquisition of the business, and commercial lines automobile liability. prior accident year development in 2018 primarily included a decrease in reserves for workers' compensation and a decrease in catastrophe reserves for the 2017 hurricanes. for further discussion, see md&amp;a - critical accounting estimates, property &amp; casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance.
-   a decline in current accident year catastrophe losses of $358, before tax. catastrophe losses in 2019 were primarily from tornado, wind and hail events in the south, midwest and mountain west and winter storms across the country as well as from hurricanes and tropical storms in the southeast. catastrophe losses in 2018 were primarily from wildfires in california, hurricanes florence and michael in the southeast, wind and hail storms in colorado, and various wind storms and winter storms across the country and are net of an estimated reinsurance recoverable of $82 under the 2018 property aggregate reinsurance treaty. for additional information, see md&a - critical accounting estimates, property & casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance.
•   partially offsetting the increase in property &amp; casualty was a decrease in group benefits driven by a lower group disability loss ratio and more favorable prior incurral year development.
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs was up from the prior year period primarily due to:
•   an increase in commercial lines, including the impact from the navigators group acquisition and the effect of higher commissions, and an increase in group benefits, partially offset by a decrease in personal lines.
insurance operating costs and other expenses increased due to:
•   higher commissions in commercial lines and, to a lesser extent, group benefits.
•   higher information technology and operations costs across commercial lines, personal lines, and group benefits.
•   transaction costs, integration costs and operating costs incurred in the current year due to the navigators group acquisition.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•   an increase in direct marketing expenses in personal lines to generate new business growth.
•   partially offset by a decrease in hartford funds due to lower variable costs.
for further discussion of income taxes, see note 16 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
investment results composition of invested assets december 31, 2019                  december 31, 2018
[1] primarily consists of investments of consolidated investment funds and derivative instruments which are carried at fair value.
fixed maturities, afs increased primarily due to the fixed maturities, afs acquired as part of the acquisition of navigators group as well as an increase in valuations due to lower interest rates and tighter credit spreads.
short-term investments decreased due to the funding of navigators group acquisition slightly offset by tax receipts related to the refund of amt tax credits.
[1]   yields calculated using annualized net investment income divided by the monthly average invested assets at amortized cost as applicable, excluding repurchase agreement and securities lending collateral, if any, and derivatives book value.
total net investment income increased primarily due to higher asset levels, largely driven by the acquisition of navigators group, higher returns on limited partnerships and other alternative investments, and higher mortgage loan income due to higher asset levels and prepayment penalties.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations prepayment penalties on mortgage loans, offset by lower reinvestment rates.
average reinvestment rate, on fixed maturities and mortgage loans, excluding certain u.s. treasury securities and cash equivalent securities, for the year-ended december 31, 2019, was 3.4% which was below the average yield of sales and maturities of 4.0% due to repositioning into slightly higher quality credits at lower interest rates and calls on higher yielding tax-exempt municipals and corporates as well as due to sales and paydowns on higher yielding securities. the average reinvestment rate for the year-ended december 31, 2018 was 4.0% which was higher than the average yield of sales and maturities of 3.7%, due to higher interest rates.
we expect the annualized net investment income yield for the 2020 calendar year, excluding limited partnerships and other alternative investments, to be lower than the portfolio yield earned in 2019 due to lower reinvestment rates. the estimated impact on net investment income yield is subject to change as the composition of the portfolio changes through portfolio management and changes in market conditions.
net realized capital gains (losses)
net other-than-temporary impairment ("otti") losses recognized in earnings [2]          (3     )          (1     )          (8     )
net realized capital gains (losses)                                                   $395             $(112     )        $165
[1]   the net unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities included in net realized capital gains (losses) related to equity securities still held as of december 31, 2019, were $164 for the year-ended december 31, 2019. the net unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities included in net realized capital gains (losses) related to equity securities still held as of december 31, 2018, were $(80) for the year-ended december 31, 2018. prior to january 1, 2018, changes in net unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities were included in aoci.
[2]   see other-than-temporary impairments within the investment portfolio risks and risk management section of the md&amp;a.
[3]   primarily consists of changes in value of non-qualifying derivatives, including credit derivatives, interest rate derivatives used to manage duration and equity derivatives. also includes transactional foreign currency revaluation.
gross gains and losses on sales were primarily driven by issuer-specific selling of corporate securities, continued reduction of tax-exempt municipal bonds and sales of u.s. treasuries for duration management.
equity securities net gains were primarily driven by appreciation of equity securities due to higher equity market levels.
other, net losses includes losses on interest rate derivatives of $34 due to higher rates, losses on equity derivatives of $17 due to an increase in domestic equity markets, and losses of $9 due to foreign currency revaluation. these losses were partially offset by gains on credit derivatives of $27 due to credit spread tightening.
gross gains and losses on sales were primarily the result of sector repositioning and duration, liquidity and credit management within corporate securities, u.s. treasury securities, and tax-exempt municipal bonds.
equity securities net losses were driven by depreciation of equity securities due to lower equity market levels, partially offset by gains on sales due to tactical repositioning.
other, net losses included losses of $11 related to credit derivatives due to credit spread widening, partially offset by gains of $3 on foreign currency derivatives.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. actual results could differ, and in the past have differed, from those estimates.
the company has identified the following estimates as critical in that they involve a higher degree of judgment and are subject to a significant degree of variability:
•   property and casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance;
•   group benefit ltd reserves, net of reinsurance;
•   evaluation of goodwill for impairment;
•   valuation of investments and derivative instruments including evaluation of other-than-temporary impairments on available-for-sale securities and valuation allowances on mortgage loans;
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
certain of these estimates are particularly sensitive to market conditions, and deterioration and/or volatility in the worldwide debt or equity markets could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. in developing these estimates management makes subjective and complex judgments that are inherently uncertain and subject to material change as facts and circumstances develop. although variability is inherent in these estimates, management believes the amounts provided are appropriate based upon the facts available upon compilation of the financial statements.
property & casualty insurance product reserves p&c loss and loss adjustment expense reserves, net of reinsurance, by segment as of december 31, 2019
loss and lae reserves, net of reinsurance as of december 31, 2019
package business [1]                         1,742           -                    -                                                                     1,742                                  7.6%
professional liability                       1,050           -                    -                                                                     1,050                                  4.6%
asbestos and environmental                     143                    10                                    994                                         1,147                                  5.0%
[1]   commercial lines policy packages that include property and general liability coverages are generally referred to as the package line of business.
for descriptions of the coverages provided under the lines of business shown above, see part i - item1, business.
overview of reserving for property and casualty insurance claims it typically takes many months or years to pay claims incurred under a property and casualty insurance product; accordingly, the company must establish reserves at the time the loss is incurred. most of the company's policies provide for occurrence-based coverage where the loss is incurred when a claim event happens like an automobile accident, house or building fire or injury to an employee under a workers' compensation policy. some of the company's policies, mostly for directors and officers insurance and errors and omissions insurance, are claims-made policies part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations where the loss is incurred in the period the claim event is reported to the company even if the loss event itself occurred in an earlier period.
loss and loss adjustment expense reserves provide for the estimated ultimate costs of paying claims under insurance policies written by the company, less amounts paid to date. these reserves include estimates for both claims that have been reported and those that have not yet been reported, and include estimates of all expenses associated with processing and settling these claims. case reserves are established by a claims handler on each individual claim and are adjusted as new information becomes known during the course of handling the claim. incurred but not reported ("ibnr") reserves represent the difference between the estimated ultimate cost of all claims and the actual loss and loss adjustment expenses reported to the company by claimants ("reported losses"). reported losses represent cumulative loss and loss adjustment expenses paid plus case reserves for outstanding reported claims. for most lines, company actuaries evaluate the total reserves (ibnr and case reserves) on an accident year basis. an accident year is the calendar year in which a loss is incurred, or, in the case of claims-made policies, the calendar year in which a loss is reported. for lines acquired from the navigators group book of business, total reserves are evaluated on a policy year basis and then converted to accident year. a policy year is the calendar year in which a policy incepts.
factors that change reserve estimates- reserve estimates can change over time because of unexpected changes in the external environment. inflation in claim costs, such as with medical care, hospital care, automobile parts, wages and home and building repair, would cause claims to settle for more than they are initially reserved. changes in the economy can cause an increase or decrease in the number of reported claims (claim frequency). for example, an improving economy could result in more automobile miles driven and a higher number of automobile reported claims, or a change in economic conditions can lead to more or less workers' compensation reported claims. an increase in the number or percentage of claims litigated can increase the average settlement amount per claim (claim severity). changes in the judicial environment can affect interpretations of damages and how policy coverage applies which could increase or decrease claim severity. over time, judges or juries in certain jurisdictions may be more inclined to determine liability and award damages. new legislation can also change how damages are defined or change the statutes of limitations for the filing of civil suits, resulting in greater claim frequency or severity. in addition, new types of injuries may arise from exposures not contemplated when the policies were written. past examples include pharmaceutical products, silica, lead paint, molestation or abuse and construction defects.
reserve estimates can also change over time because of changes in internal company operations. a delay or acceleration in handling claims may signal a need to increase or reduce reserves from what was initially estimated. changes in claim patterns may arise through integration of navigators group claims practices. new lines of business may have loss development patterns that are not well established. changes in the geographic mix of business, changes in the mix of business by industry and changes in the mix of business by policy limit or deductible can increase the risk that losses will ultimately develop differently than the loss development patterns assumed in our reserving. in addition, changes in the quality of risk selection in underwriting and changes in interpretations of policy language could increase or decrease ultimate losses from what was assumed in establishing the reserves.
in the case of assumed reinsurance, all of the above risks apply. the company assumes property and casualty risks from other insurance companies as part of its global re business acquired from navigators group and from certain pools and associations. global re, which is a part of the global specialty business, mostly assumes property, casualty, surety, agriculture, marine and accident and health insurance risks. changes in the case reserving and reporting patterns of insurance companies ceding to the hartford can create additional uncertainty in estimating the reserves. due to the inherent complexity of the assumptions used, final claim settlements may vary significantly from the present estimates of direct and assumed reserves, particularly when those settlements may not occur until well into the future.
reinsurance recoverables- through both facultative and treaty reinsurance agreements, the company cedes a share of the risks it has underwritten to other insurance companies. the company records reinsurance recoverables for loss and loss adjustment expenses ceded to its reinsurers representing the anticipated recovery from reinsurers of unpaid claims, including ibnr.
the company estimates the portion of losses and loss adjustment expenses to be ceded based on the terms of any applicable facultative and treaty reinsurance, including an estimate of ibnr for losses that will ultimately be ceded.
the company provides an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, reflecting management's best estimate of reinsurance cessions that may be uncollectible in the future due to reinsurers' unwillingness or inability to pay. the estimated allowance considers the credit quality of the company's reinsurers, recent outcomes in arbitration and litigation in disputes between reinsurers and cedants and recent communication activity between reinsurers and cedants that may signal how the company's own reinsurance claims may settle. where its reinsurance contracts permit, the company secures funding of future claim obligations with various forms of collateral, including irrevocable letters of credit, secured trusts, funds held accounts and group-wide offsets. the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance was $114 as of december 31, 2019, comprised of $42 related to commercial lines, $1 related to personal lines and $71 related to property & casualty other operations.
the company's estimate of reinsurance recoverables, net of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimate of the gross reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for direct and assumed exposures.
review of reserve adequacy- the hartford regularly reviews the appropriateness of reserve levels at the line of business or more detailed level, taking into consideration the variety of trends that impact the ultimate settlement of claims. for property & casualty other operations, asbestos and environmental ("run-off a&e") reserves are reviewed by type of event rather than by line of business.
reserve adjustments, which may be material, are reflected in the operating results of the period in which the adjustment is part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations determined to be necessary. in the judgment of management, information currently available has been properly considered in establishing the reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and in recording the reinsurance recoverables for ceded unpaid losses.
reserving methodology the following is a discussion of the reserving methods used for the company's property and casualty lines of business other than asbestos and environmental.
reserves are set by line of business within the operating segments. a single line of business may be written in more than one segment. lines of business for which reported losses emerge over a long period of time are referred to as long-tail lines of business. lines of business for which reported losses emerge more quickly are referred to as short-tail lines of business. the company's shortest-tail lines of business are homeowners, commercial property, marine and automobile physical damage. the longest tail lines of business include workers' compensation, general liability, professional liability and assumed reinsurance. for short-tail lines of business, emergence of paid loss and case reserves is credible and likely indicative of ultimate losses. for long-tail lines of business, emergence of paid losses and case reserves is less credible in the early periods after a given accident year and, accordingly, may not be indicative of ultimate losses.
use of actuarial methods and judgments- the company's reserving actuaries regularly review reserves for both current and prior accident years using the most current claim data. a variety of actuarial methods and judgments are used for most lines of business to arrive at selections of estimated ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses. new methods may be added for specific lines over time to inform these selections where appropriate. the reserve selections incorporate input, as appropriate, from claims personnel, pricing actuaries and operating management about reported loss cost trends and other factors that could affect the reserve estimates. most reserves are reviewed fully each quarter, including loss and loss adjustment expense reserves for homeowners, commercial property, marine, automobile physical damage, automobile liability, package property business, and workers' compensation. other reserves, including most general liability and professional liability lines, are reviewed semi-annually. certain additional reserves are also reviewed semi-annually or annually, including reserves for losses incurred in accident years older than twelve years for personal lines and older than twenty years for commercial lines, as well as reserves for bond, assumed reinsurance, latent exposures such as construction defects, and unallocated loss adjustment expenses. for reserves that are reviewed semi-annually or annually, management monitors the emergence of paid and reported losses in the intervening quarters and, if necessary, performs a reserve review to determine whether the reserve estimate should change.
an expected loss ratio is used in initially recording the reserves for both short-tail and long-tail lines of business. this expected loss ratio is determined by starting with the average loss ratio of recent prior accident years and adjusting that ratio for the effect of expected changes to earned pricing, loss frequency and severity, mix of business, ceded reinsurance and other factors. for short-tail lines, ibnr for the current accident year is initially recorded as the product of the expected loss ratio for the period, earned premium for the period and the proportion of losses expected to be reported in future calendar periods for the current accident period. for long-tailed lines, ibnr reserves for the current accident year are initially recorded as the product of the expected loss ratio for the period and the earned premium for the period, less reported losses for the period.
as losses emerge or develop in periods subsequent to a given accident year, reserving actuaries use other methods to estimate ultimate unpaid losses in addition to the expected loss ratio method. these primarily include paid and reported loss development methods, frequency/severity techniques and the bornhuetter-ferguson method (a combination of the expected loss ratio and paid development or reported development method). within any one line of business, the methods that are given more influence vary based primarily on the maturity of the accident year, the mix of business and the particular internal and external influences impacting the claims experience or the methods. the output of the reserve reviews are reserve estimates that are referred to herein as the "actuarial indication".
reserve discounting- most of the company's property and casualty insurance product reserves are not discounted. however, the company has discounted liabilities funded through structured settlements and has discounted a portion of workers' compensation reserves that have a fixed and determinable payment stream. for further discussion of these discounted liabilities, see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements.
differences between gaap and statutory basis reserves- as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, u.s. property and casualty insurance product reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance recoverables, reported under u.s. gaap were approximately equal to net reserves reported on a statutory basis. the primary difference between the statutory and gaap reserve amounts is due to reinsurance recoverables on two ceded retroactive reinsurance agreements that are recorded as a reduction of other liabilities under statutory accounting. one of the retroactive reinsurance agreements covers substantially all adverse development on asbestos and environmental reserves subsequent to 2016 and the other covers adverse development on navigators insurers' existing net loss and allocated loss adjustment reserves as of december 31, 2018. under both agreements, the company cedes to nico, a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway inc. ("berkshire").
reserving methods by line of business- apart from run-off a&e which is discussed in the following section on property & casualty other operations, below is a general discussion of which reserving methods are preferred by line of business. because the actuarial estimates are generated at a much finer level of detail than line of business (e.g., by distribution channel, coverage, accident period), other methods than those described for the line of business may also be employed for a coverage and accident year within a line of business. also, as circumstances change, the methods that are given more influence will change.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations preferred reserving methods by line of business commercial property, homeowners and automobile physical damage       these short-tailed lines are fast-developing and paid and reported development techniques are used as these methods use historical data to develop paid and reported loss development patterns, which are then applied to cumulative paid and reported losses by accident period to estimate ultimate losses. in addition to paid and reported development methods, for the most immature accident months, the company uses frequency and severity techniques and the initial expected loss ratio. the advantage of frequency/severity techniques is that frequency estimates are generally easier to predict and external information can be used to supplement internal data in estimating average severity.
personal automobile liability                                        for personal automobile liability, and bodily injury in particular, in addition to traditional paid and reported development methods, the company relies on frequency/severity techniques and berquist-sherman techniques. because the paid development technique is affected by changes in claim closure patterns and the reported development method is affected by changes in case reserving practices, the company uses berquist-sherman techniques which adjust these patterns to reflect current settlement rates and case reserving practices. the company generally uses the reported development method for older accident years and a combination of reported development, frequency/severity and berquist-sherman methods for more recent accident years. for older accident periods, reported losses are a good indicator of ultimate losses given the high percentage of ultimate losses reported to date. for more recent periods, the frequency/severity techniques are not affected as much by changes in case reserve practices and changing disposal rates and the berquist-sherman techniques specifically adjust for these changes.
commercial automobile liability                                      the company performs a variety of techniques, including the paid and reported development methods and frequency/severity techniques. for older, more mature accident years, the company primarily uses reported development techniques. for more recent accident years, the company relies on several methods that incorporate expected loss ratios, reported loss development, paid loss development, frequency/severity, case reserve adequacy, and claim settlement rates.
professional liability                                               reported and paid loss development patterns for this line tend to be volatile. therefore, the company typically relies on frequency and severity techniques.
general liability, bond and large deductible workers' compensation   for these long-tailed lines of business, the company generally relies on the expected loss ratio and reported development techniques. the company generally weights these techniques together, relying more heavily on the expected loss ratio method at early ages of development and more on the reported development method as an accident year matures.
workers' compensation                                                workers' compensation is the company's single largest reserve line of business and a wide range of methods are used. methods include paid and reported development techniques, the expected loss ratio and bornhuetter-ferguson methods, with adjustments based on analysis of larger states. we have seen an acceleration of paid losses relative to historical patterns that began in 2011. this acceleration is due to an increase in lump sum settlements to claimants across multiple accident years and we have adjusted our expected loss development patterns accordingly. adjusting for the effect of an acceleration in payments compared to historical patterns, paid loss development techniques are generally preferred for the workers' compensation line, particularly for more mature accident years. for less mature accident years, the company places greater reliance on expected loss ratio methods.
marine                                                               for marine liability, the company generally relies on the expected loss ratio, berquist-sherman, and reported development techniques. the company generally weights these techniques together, relying more heavily on the expected loss ratio method at early ages of development and then shifts towards berquist-sherman and then more towards the reported development method as a policy year matures. policy year loss reserve estimates are then converted to an accident year basis. for marine property segments, the company relies on a berquist-sherman method for early development ages then shifts to reported development techniques.
assumed reinsurance and all other                                    standard methods, such as expected loss ratio, berquist-sherman and reported development techniques are applied. these methods and analyses are informed by underlying treaty by treaty analyses supporting the elrs, and cedant data will often inform the loss development patterns. in some instances, reserve indications may also be influenced by information gained from claims and underwriting audits. for the a&amp;h business where the reporting is quick and treaties are not written evenly throughout the year, policy quarter analyses are performed to avoid potential distortions. policy quarter and policy year loss reserve estimates are then converted to an accident year basis.
allocated loss adjustment expenses (alae)                            for some lines of business (e.g., professional liability, assumed reinsurance, and the acquired navigators group book of business), alae and losses are analyzed together. for most lines of business, however, alae is analyzed separately, using paid development techniques and a ratio of paid alae to paid loss is applied to loss reserves to estimate unpaid alae.
unallocated loss adjustment expenses (ulae)                          ulae is analyzed separately from loss and alae. for most lines of business, future ulae costs to be paid are projected based on an expected claim handling cost per claim year, the anticipated claim closure pattern and the ratio of paid ulae to paid loss is applied to estimated unpaid losses. for some lines, a simplified paid-to-paid approach is used.
in the final step of the reserve review process, senior reserving actuaries and senior management apply their judgment to determine the appropriate level of reserves considering the actuarial indications and other factors not contemplated in the actuarial indications. those factors include, but are not limited to, the assessed reliability of key loss trends and assumptions used in the current actuarial indications, the maturity of the accident year, pertinent trends observed over the recent past, the level of volatility within a particular line of business, and the improvement or deterioration of actuarial indications in the current period as compared to the prior periods. the company part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations also considers the magnitude of the difference between the actuarial indication and the recorded reserves.
based on the results of the quarterly reserve review process, the company determines the appropriate reserve adjustments, if any, to record. in general, adjustments are made more quickly to more mature accident years and less volatile lines of business. such adjustments of reserves are referred to as "prior accident year development". increases in previous estimates of ultimate loss costs are referred to as either an increase in prior accident year reserves or as unfavorable reserve development. decreases in previous estimates of ultimate loss costs are referred to as either a decrease in prior accident year reserves or as favorable reserve development. reserve development can influence the comparability of year over year underwriting results.
for a discussion of changes to reserve estimates recorded in 2019, see the total p&c insurance product reserve development section below.
current trends contributing to reserve uncertainty the hartford is a multi-line company in the property and casualty insurance business. the hartford is therefore subject to reserve uncertainty stemming from changes in loss trends and other conditions which could become material at any point in time. as market conditions and loss trends develop, management must assess whether those conditions constitute a long-term trend that should result in a reserving action (i.e., increasing or decreasing the reserve).
general liability- within commercial lines, including the acquired navigators group book of business, and property & casualty other operations, the company has exposure to general liability claims, including from bodily injury, property damage and product liability. reserves for these exposures can be particularly difficult to estimate due to the long development pattern and uncertainty about how cases will settle. in particular, the company has exposure to bodily injury claims that is the result of long-term or continuous exposure to harmful products or substances. examples include, but are not limited to, pharmaceutical products, silica, talcum powder, head injuries and lead paint. the company also has exposure to claims from construction defects, where property damage or bodily injury from negligent construction is alleged. in addition, the company has exposure to claims asserted against religious institutions and other organizations relating to molestation or abuse. such exposures may involve potentially long latency periods and may implicate coverage in multiple policy periods. these factors make reserves for such claims more uncertain than other bodily injury or property damage claims. with regard to these exposures, the company monitors trends in litigation, the external environment including legislation, the similarities to other mass torts and the potential impact on the company's reserves. additionally, uncertainty in estimated claim severity causes reserve variability, particularly with respect to changes in internal claim handling and case reserving practices.
workers' compensation- included in both small commercial and in middle & large commercial, workers' compensation is the company's single biggest line of business and the property and casualty line of business with the longest pattern of loss emergence. to the extent that patterns in the frequency of settlement payments deviate from historical patterns, loss reserve estimates would be less reliable. medical costs make up approximately 50% of workers' compensation payments. as such, reserve estimates for workers' compensation are particularly sensitive to changes in medical inflation, the changing use of medical care procedures and changes in state legislative and regulatory environments. in addition, a deteriorating economic environment can reduce the ability of an injured worker to return to work and lengthen the time a worker receives disability benefits. in national accounts, reserves for large deductible workers' compensation insurance require estimating losses attributable to the deductible amount that will be paid by the insured; if such losses are not paid by the insured due to financial difficulties, the company is contractually liable.
commercial lines automobile- uncertainty in estimated claim severity causes reserve variability for commercial automobile losses including reserve variability due to changes in internal claim handling and case reserving practices as well as due to changes in the external environment.
directors' and officers' insurance- uncertainty regarding the number and severity of class action suits can result in reserve volatility for both directors' and officers' insurance claims. additionally, the company's exposure to losses under directors' and officers' insurance policies, both domestically and internationally, is primarily in excess layers, making estimates of loss more complex.
personal lines automobile- while claims emerge over relatively shorter periods, estimates can still vary due to a number of factors, including uncertain estimates of frequency and severity trends. severity trends are affected by changes in internal claim handling and case reserving practices as well as by changes in the external environment. changes in claim practices increase the uncertainty in the interpretation of case reserve data, which increases the uncertainty in recorded reserve levels. severity trends have increased in recent accident years, in part driven by more expensive parts associated with new automobile technology, causing additional uncertainty about the reliability of past patterns. in addition, the introduction of new products and class plans has led to a different mix of business by type of insured than the company experienced in the past. such changes in mix increase the uncertainty of the reserve projections, since historical data and reporting patterns may not be applicable to the new business.
assumed reinsurance- while the pricing and reserving processes can be challenging and idiosyncratic for insurance companies, the inherent uncertainties of setting prices and estimating such reserves are even greater for the reinsurer. this is primarily due to the longer time between the date of an occurrence and the reporting of claims to the reinsurer, the diversity of development patterns among different types of reinsurance treaties or contracts, the necessary reliance on the ceding companies for information regarding reported claims and differing pricing and reserving practices among ceding companies. in addition, trends that have affected development of liabilities in the past may not necessarily occur or impact liability development in the same manner or to the same degree in the future. as a result, actual losses and lae may deviate, perhaps substantially, from the expected estimates.
international business- in addition to several of the line-specific trends listed above, the international business acquired part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations through the navigators group book of business may have additional uncertainty due to geopolitical, foreign currency, and other risks. for example, uncertainty with the resolution of brexit can affect the reserve estimates for international business.
impact of key assumptions on reserves as stated above, the company's practice is to estimate reserves using a variety of methods, assumptions and data elements within its reserve estimation process. the company does not consistently use statistical loss distributions or confidence levels around its reserve estimate and, as a result, does not disclose reserve ranges.
across most lines of business, the most important reserve assumptions are future loss development factors applied to paid or reported losses to date. the trend in loss cost frequency and severity is also a key assumption, particularly in the most recent accident years, where loss development factors are less credible.
the following discussion discloses possible variation from current estimates of loss reserves due to a change in certain key indicators of potential losses. for automobile liability lines in both personal lines and commercial lines, the key indicator is the annual loss cost trend, particularly the severity trend component of loss costs. for workers' compensation and general liability, loss development patterns are a key indicator, particularly for more mature accident years. for workers' compensation, paid loss development patterns have been impacted by medical cost inflation and other changes in loss cost trends. for general liability, incurred loss development patterns have been impacted by, among other things, emergence of new types of claims (e.g., construction defect claims) and a shift in the mixture between smaller, more routine claims and larger, more complex claims.
each of the impacts described below is estimated individually, without consideration for any correlation among key indicators or among lines of business. therefore, it would be inappropriate to take each of the amounts described below and add them together in an attempt to estimate volatility for the company's reserves in total. for any one reserving line of business, the estimated variation in reserves due to changes in key indicators is a reasonable estimate of possible variation that may occur in the future, likely over a period of several calendar years. the variation discussed is not meant to be a worst-case scenario, and, therefore, it is possible that future variation may be more than the amounts discussed below.
possible change in key indicator                                                                            reserves, net of reinsurance december 31, 2018   estimated range of variation in reserves personal automobileliability      +/- 2.5. points to the annual assumed change in loss cost severity for the two most recent accident years                                     $1.6 billion   +/- $80
commercial automobile liability   +/- 2.5 points to the annual assumed change in loss cost severity for the two most recent accident years                                      $1.0 billion   +/- $30
workers' compensation             2% change in paid loss development patterns                                                                                                  $10.4 billion   +/- $400
general liability                 8% change in reported loss development patterns                                                                                               $3.5 billion   +/- $450
reserving for asbestos and environmental claims how a&e reserves are set- the process for establishing reserves for asbestos and environmental claims first involves estimating the required reserves gross of ceded reinsurance and then estimating reinsurance recoverables. in establishing reserves for gross asbestos claims, the company evaluates its insureds' estimated liabilities for such claims by examining exposures for individual insureds and assessing how coverage applies. the company considers a variety of factors, including the jurisdictions where underlying claims have been brought, past, pending and anticipated future claim activity, the level of plaintiff demands, disease mix, past settlement values of similar claims, dismissal rates, allocated loss adjustment expense, and potential impact of other defendants being in bankruptcy.
similarly, the company reviews exposures to establish gross environmental reserves. the company considers several factors in estimating environmental liabilities, including historical values of similar claims, the number of sites involved, the insureds' alleged activities at each site, the alleged environmental damage, the respective shares of liability of potentially responsible parties, the appropriateness and cost of remediation, the nature of governmental enforcement activities or mandated remediation efforts and potential impact of other defendants being in bankruptcy.
after evaluating its insureds' probable liabilities for asbestos and/or environmental claims, the company evaluates the insurance coverage in place for such claims. the company considers its insureds' total available insurance coverage, including the coverage issued by the company. the company also considers relevant judicial interpretations of policy language, the nature of how policy limits are enforced on multi-year policies and applicable coverage defenses or determinations, if any.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the estimated liabilities of insureds and the company's exposure to the insureds depends heavily on an analysis of the relevant legal issues and litigation environment. this analysis is conducted by the company's lawyers and is subject to applicable privileges.
for both asbestos and environmental reserves, the company also analyzes its historical paid and reported losses and expenses year by year, to assess any emerging trends, fluctuations or characteristics suggested by the aggregate paid and reported activity. the historical losses and expenses are analyzed on both a direct basis and net of reinsurance.
once the gross ultimate exposure for indemnity and allocated loss adjustment expense is determined for its insureds by each policy year, the company calculates its ceded reinsurance projection based on any applicable facultative and treaty reinsurance and the company's experience with reinsurance collections. see the section that follows entitled a&e adverse development cover that discusses the impact the reinsurance agreement with nico may have on future adverse development of asbestos and environmental reserves, if any.
uncertainties regarding adequacy of a&e reserves- a number of factors affect the variability of estimates for gross asbestos and environmental reserves including assumptions with respect to the frequency of claims, the average severity of those claims settled with payment, the dismissal rate of claims with no payment, resolution of coverage disputes with our policyholders and the expense to indemnity ratio. reserve estimates for gross asbestos and environmental reserves are subject to greater variability than reserve estimates for more traditional exposures.
the process of estimating asbestos and environmental reserves remains subject to a wide variety of uncertainties, which are detailed in note 14 - commitments and contingencies of notes to consolidated financial statements. the company believes that its current asbestos and environmental reserves are appropriate. future developments could cause the company to change its estimates of its gross asbestos and environmental reserves and if cumulative ceded losses under the adverse development cover ("a&e adc") with nico exceed the ceded premium paid of $650, there could be significant variability in net income due to timing differences between when gross reserves are increased and when reinsurance recoveries are recognized. consistent with past practice, the company will continue to monitor its reserves in property & casualty other operations regularly, including its annual reviews of asbestos liabilities, reinsurance recoverables, the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, and environmental liabilities. where future developments indicate, we will make appropriate adjustments to the reserves at that time.
total p&c insurance product reserves development in the opinion of management, based upon the known facts and current law, the reserves recorded for the company's property and casualty insurance products at december 31, 2019 represent the company's best estimate of its ultimate liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses related to losses covered by policies written by the company. however, because of the significant uncertainties surrounding reserves, it is possible that management's estimate of the ultimate liabilities for these claims may change in the future and that the required adjustment to currently recorded reserves could be material to the company's results of operations and liquidity.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations rollforward of property and casualty insurance product liabilities for unpaid losses and lae for the year ended december 31, 2019
commercial lines         personal        property &amp; casualty other operations         total property &amp; casualty insurance lines beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross                  $19,455              $2,456                               $2,673                                         $24,584
beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net                     16,318               2,348                                1,686                                          20,352
provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses current accident year before catastrophes                                                      4,913               2,087                                    -                                           7,000
prior accident year development ("pyd") [1]                                                      (44       )         (42    )                              21                                             (65               )
total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses                                 5,192               2,185                                   21                                           7,398
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities [1]             (16       )           -                                    -                                             (16               )
foreign currency adjustment                                                                       (1       )           -                                    -                                              (1               )
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net                        19,333               2,133                                1,520                                          22,986
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross                     $23,363              $2,201                               $2,697                                         $28,261
prior accident year development (pts) [3]                                                       (0.5       )        (1.3    )
[1]   prior accident year development does not include the benefit of a portion of losses ceded under the navigators adc which, under retroactive reinsurance accounting, is deferred and recognized over the period the ceded losses are recovered in cash from nico. for additional information regarding the navigators adc agreement, please refer to note 11 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[2]   the "loss and loss expense paid ratio" represents the ratio of paid losses and loss adjustment expenses to earned premiums.
[3]   "prior accident year development (pts)" represents the ratio of prior accident year development to earned premiums.
current accident year catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2019, net of reinsurance commercial lines                            personal                               total lines wind and hail                               $157                                $102                                $259
in december, 2019, the judge overseeing the bankruptcy of pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company (together, "pg&e") approved an $11 billion settlement with insurers representing approximately 85 percent of insurance subrogation claims to resolve all such claims arising from the
2017 northern california wildfires and 2018 camp wildfire. the settlement is subject to the confirmation by the bankruptcy court of a chapter 11 plan of reorganization (a "plan") which implements the terms of the settlement. if a plan is approved, certain of the company's insurance subsidiaries would be entitled
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to settlement payments. based on reserve estimates submitted with the subrogation request, the amount our subsidiaries could collect from pg&e, if any, would be approximately $300 to $325 but could be more or less than that amount depending on how the company's ultimate paid claims subject to subrogation compare to other insurers' ultimate paid claims subject to subrogation. approval of the plan and amount of the company's ultimate subrogation recoveries from pg&e are subject to uncertainty.
given the uncertainty about whether the plan will be approved, the company has not recognized a benefit from potential subrogation from pg&e and will evaluate in future periods when more information becomes known. in connection with the 2018 camp wildfire, the company has recognized a $12 reinsurance recoverable for losses incurred in excess of a $350 per occurrence retention. under its 2018 property aggregate catastrophe treaty, the company has recognized a reinsurance recoverable for aggregate catastrophe losses in excess of an $825 retention, with the recoverable currently estimated at $45. as such, the first $57 of subrogation recoveries would be offset by a $57 reduction in these reinsurance recoverables resulting in no net benefit to income.
unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development for the year ended december 31, 2019
package business                                                                                  (47         )   -                             -                                                                         (47               )
professional liability                                                                             29             -                             -                                                                          29
net environmental reserves                                                                          -             -                             -                                                                           -
total prior accident year development, including full benefit for the adc cession                 (60         )   (42                 )         21                                                                        (81               )
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities                   16             -                             -                                                                          16
total prior accident year development                                                            $(44         )   $(42                )         $21                                                                      $(65               )
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations rollforward of property and casualty insurance product liabilities for unpaid losses and lae for the year ended december 31, 2018
commercial lines       personal lines        property &amp; casualty other operations         total property &amp; casualty insurance beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross         $18,893                $2,294                                 $2,588                                         $23,775
beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net            15,746                 2,223                                  1,849                                          19,818
provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses current accident year before catastrophes                                             4,037                 2,249                                      -                                           6,286
prior accident year development                                                        (200       )           (32      )                              65                                            (167               )
total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses                        4,112                 2,763                                     65                                           6,940
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net               16,318                 2,348                                  1,686                                          20,352
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross            $19,455                $2,456                                 $2,673                                         $24,584
prior accident year development (pts) [2]                                              (2.8       )          (0.9      )
[1]   the "loss and loss expense paid ratio" represents the ratio of paid losses and loss adjustment expenses to earned premiums and fee income.
[2]   "prior accident year development (pts)" represents the ratio of prior accident year development to earned premiums.
current accident year catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2018, net of reinsurance commercial lines                            personal                               total lines wind and hail                                                                            $124                                $164                                $288
less: reinsurance recoverable under the property aggregate treaty [1]                     (28           )                     (54           )                     (82           )
[1]refers to reinsurance recoverable under the company's property aggregate treaty. for further information on the treaty, refer to part ii, item 7, md&a - enterprise risk management - insurance risk.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development for the year ended december 31, 2018
package business                                         (26         )   -                             -                                                                         (26               )
professional liability                                   (12         )   -                             -                                                                         (12               )
net environmental reserves                                 -             -                             -                                                                           -
total prior accident year development                  $(200         )   $(32                )         $65                                                                     $(167               )
rollforward of property and casualty insurance product liabilities for unpaid losses and lae for the year ended december 31, 2017
commercial lines       personal lines        property &amp; casualty other operations         total property &amp; casualty insurance beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross         $17,950                $2,094                                 $2,501                                         $22,545
beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net            14,913                 2,069                                  2,075                                          19,057
provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses current accident year before catastrophes                                             3,961                 2,584                                      -                                           6,545
prior accident year development                                                         (22       )           (37      )                              18                                             (41               )
total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses                        4,322                 3,000                                     18                                           7,340
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net               15,746                 2,223                                  1,849                                          19,818
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross            $18,893                $2,294                                 $2,588                                         $23,775
prior accident year development (pts) [2]                                              (0.3       )          (1.0      )
[1]   the "loss and loss expense paid ratio" represents the ratio of paid losses and loss adjustment expenses to earned premiums and fee income.
[2]   "prior accident year development (pts)" represents the ratio of prior accident year development to earned premiums.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations current accident year catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2017, net of reinsurance commercial lines                            personal                               total lines wind and hail                                                                            $138                                $176                                $314
less: reinsurance recoverable under the property aggregate treaty [2]                     (43           )                     (47           )                     (90           )
[1]includes catastrophe losses from hurricane harvey and hurricane irma of $170 and $121, respectively.
[2]refers to reinsurance recoverable under the company's property aggregate treaty. for further information on the treaty, refer to part ii, item 7, md&a - enterprise risk management - insurance risk.
unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development for the year ended december 31, 2017
package business                                         (25         )   -                             -                                                                         (25               )
professional liability                                     1             -                             -                                                                           1
net environmental reserves                                 -             -                             -                                                                           -
total prior accident year development                   $(22         )   $(37                )         $18                                                                      $(41               )
for discussion of the factors contributing to unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year reserve development, please refer to note 11 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
property & casualty other operations net reserves and reserve activity in property & casualty other operations are categorized and reported as asbestos, environmental, and "all other". the "all other" category of reserves covers a wide range of insurance and assumed reinsurance coverages, including, but not limited to, potential liability for construction defects, lead paint, silica, pharmaceutical products, head injuries, molestation and other long-tail liabilities. in addition to various insurance and assumed reinsurance exposures, "all other" includes unallocated loss adjustment expense reserves. "all other" also includes the company's allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. when the company commutes a ceded reinsurance contract or settles a ceded reinsurance dispute, net reserves for the related cause of loss (including asbestos, environmental or all other) are increased for the portion of the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance attributable to that commutation or settlement.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations p&c other operations total reserves, net of reinsurance asbestos and environmental reserves the vast majority of the company's exposure to a&e relates to policy coverages provided prior to 1986, reported within the p&c other operations segment ("run-off a&e"). in addition, since 1986, the company has written asbestos and environmental exposures under general liability policies and pollution liability under homeowners policies, which are reported in the commercial lines and personal lines segments.
run-off a&e summary as of december 31, 2019
asbestos        environmental        total a&amp;e gross direct                   $1,315               $353               $1,668
ceded - nico a&amp;e adc "run-off"[1]           (434    )          (226      )          (660      )
[1]   including $660 of ceded losses for run-off a&amp;e and a $20 reduction in ceded losses for commercial lines and personal lines, cumulative net incurred losses of $640 have been ceded to nico under an adverse development cover reinsurance agreement. see the section that follows entitled a&amp;e adverse development cover for additional information.
rollforward of run-off a&e losses and lae asbestos        environmental
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred                            -                  -
losses and loss adjustment expenses paid                             (111    )           (32      )
reclassification of allowance for uncollectible insurance [1]           1                  1
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred                            -                  -
losses and loss adjustment expenses paid                             (159    )           (31      )
reclassification of allowance for uncollectible insurance [1]           -                  -
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred                            -                  -
losses and loss adjustment expenses paid                             (140    )           (52      )
reclassification of allowance for uncollectible insurance [1]           1                  -
[1] related to the reclassification of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance from the "all other" category of p&c other operations reserves.
a&e adverse development cover effective december 31, 2016, the company entered into an a&e adc reinsurance agreement with nico, a subsidiary of berkshire, to reduce uncertainty about potential adverse development. under the a&e adc, the company paid a reinsurance premium of $650 for nico to assume adverse net loss and allocated loss adjustment expense reserve development up to $1.5 billion above the company's existing net a&e reserves as of december 31, 2016 of approximately $1.7 billion, including both run-off a&e and a&e reserves in commercial lines and personal lines. the $650 reinsurance premium was placed in a collateral trust account as security for nico's claim payment obligations to the company. the company has retained the risk of collection on amounts due from other third-party reinsurers and continues to be responsible for claims handling and other administrative services, subject to certain conditions. the a&e adc covers substantially all the company's a&e reserve development up to the reinsurance limit.
under retroactive reinsurance accounting, net adverse a&e reserve development after december 31, 2016 will result in an offsetting reinsurance recoverable up to the $1.5 billion limit. cumulative ceded losses up to the $650 reinsurance premium paid are recognized as a dollar-for-dollar offset to net losses incurred before ceding to the a&e adc. cumulative ceded losses exceeding the $650 reinsurance premium paid result in a deferred gain. the deferred gain will be recognized over the claim
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations settlement period in the proportion of the amount of cumulative ceded losses collected from the reinsurer to the estimated ultimate reinsurance recoveries. consequently, until periods when the deferred gain is recognized as a benefit to earnings, cumulative adverse development of a&e claims after december 31, 2016 in excess of $650 may result in significant charges against earnings.
as of december 31, 2019, the company has incurred a cumulative $640 in adverse development on a&e reserves that have been ceded under the a&e adc treaty with nico, including $660 for run-off a&e reserves and ($20) for a&e reserves in commercial lines and personal lines. as such, $860 of coverage is available for future adverse net reserve development, if any.
net and gross survival ratios net and gross survival ratios are a measure of the quotient of the carried reserves divided by average annual payments (net of reinsurance and on a gross basis) and is an indication of the number of years that carried reserves would last (i.e. survive) if future annual payments were consistent with the calculated historical average.
since december 31, 2016, asbestos and environmental net reserves have been declining since all adverse development has been ceded to nico, up to a limit of $1.5 billion. recoveries from nico will not be collected until the company has cumulative loss payments of more than the $1.7 billion carrying value of net reserves as of december 31, 2016.  accordingly, with no net incurred losses, the payment of losses without any current collection of recoveries from nico has reduced the company's net loss reserves which decreases the net survival ratios such that, unadjusted, the net survival ratios would not be representative of the true number of years of average loss payments covered by the reserves. therefore, the net survival ratios presented in the table below are calculated before considering the effect of the a&e adc reinsurance agreement but net of other reinsurance in place.
net and gross survival ratios asbestos   environmental one year net survival ratio [1]         11.7            10.8
three year net survival ratio [1]        9.5             9.0
one year gross survival ratio           13.6            10.7
three year gross survival ratio         10.1             8.4
[1] as of december 31, 2019, the one year net survival ratios after considering the adc were 7.8 and 3.8 for asbestos and environmental, respectively.  as of december 31, 2019, the three year net survival ratios after considering the adc were 6.4 and 3.1, respectively.
run-off a&e paid and incurred losses and lae development asbestos                                                  environmental paid losses &amp; lae        incurred losses &amp; lae         paid losses &amp; lae        incurred losses &amp; lae
annual reserve reviews review of asbestos and environmental reserves the company performs its regular comprehensive annual review of asbestos and environmental reserves in the fourth quarter, including both run-off a&e (p&c other operations) and asbestos and environmental reserves included in commercial lines and personal lines. as part of the evaluation of asbestos reserves in the fourth quarter of 2019, the company reviewed all of its open direct domestic insurance accounts exposed to asbestos liability, as well as assumed reinsurance accounts. as part of its evaluation of environmental reserves in the fourth quarter of 2019, the company reviewed all of its open direct domestic insurance accounts exposed to environmental liability, as well as assumed reinsurance accounts.
2019 comprehensive annual reviews during the 2019 fourth quarter review, the company increased estimated asbestos reserves before nico reinsurance in p&c other operations by $76, primarily due to an increase in average settlement values, most notably from mesothelioma claims, driven by elevated plaintiff demands.  in addition, cost-sharing agreements and settlements with certain insureds reduced the uncertainty of the company's asbestos liability but resulted in a reserve increase.  partially offsetting the adverse development was a decrease in the number of claim filings, most notably from mesothelioma claims.
as a result of the 2019 fourth quarter review, the company increased estimated environmental reserves before nico reinsurance in p&c other operations by $56, primarily due to part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations regulatory remediation requirements that changed in 2019 for certain sites polluted by coal ash and resulted in more costly and extensive remediation plans, a higher than anticipated number of claims associated with per & polyfluoroalkyl substances (pfas), and increased defense and cleanup costs associated with superfund sites.
the total $132 increase in asbestos and environmental reserves in p&c other operations was offset by a $132 reinsurance recoverable under the nico treaty.  including a reduction of asbestos and environmental reserves in commercial lines and personal lines, the net increase in a&e reserves in 2019 was $117 offset by a $117 increase in reinsurance recoverables under the nico treaty.
2018 comprehensive annual reviews during the 2018 fourth quarter review of asbestos reserves, the company increased estimated reserves before nico reinsurance in p&c other operations by $164, primarily due to an increase in average mesothelioma settlement values driven by elevated plaintiff demands and defendant bankruptcies. the rise in plaintiff demands also resulted in higher than anticipated defense costs for a small subset of peripheral defendants with a high concentration of asbestos filings in specific, adverse jurisdictions. in addition, the company observed unfavorable developments in the application of coverage that resulted in increased liability shares on certain insureds. an increase in reserves from umbrella and excess policies in the 1981-1985 policy years contributed to the adverse development.
as a result of the 2018 fourth quarter review of environmental reserves, the company increased estimated reserves before nico reinsurance by $71 due to increased defense and clean-up costs associated with increasingly complex remediation plans at superfund sites, intensifying regulatory scrutiny by state agencies (particularly in the pacific northwest), and increased liability shares due to unavailability of other responsible parties.
the total $235 increase in asbestos and environmental reserves in p&c other operations was offset by a $235 reinsurance recoverable under the nico treaty. including an increase in asbestos and environmental reserves in commercial lines and personal lines, the net increase in a&e reserves in 2018 was $238 offset by a $238 increase in reinsurance recoverables under the nico treaty for information regarding the 2017 comprehensive annual review, please refer to part 2, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the hartford's 2018 form 10-k annual report.
major categories of asbestos accounts direct asbestos exposures include both known and unallocated direct accounts.
•   known direct accounts- includes both major asbestos defendants and non-major accounts, and represent approximately 73% of the company's total direct gross asbestos reserves as of december 31, 2019 compared to approximately 70% as of december 31, 2018. major asbestos defendants have been defined as the "top 70" accounts in tillinghast's published tiers 1 and 2 and wellington accounts, while non-major accounts are comprised of all other direct asbestos accounts and largely represent smaller and more peripheral defendants. major asbestos defendants have the fewest number of asbestos accounts.
•   unallocated direct accounts- includes an estimate of the reserves necessary for asbestos claims related to direct insureds that have not previously tendered asbestos claims to the company and exposures related to liability claims that may not be subject to an aggregate limit under the applicable policies. these exposures represent approximately 27% of the company's direct gross asbestos reserves as of december 31, 2019 compared to approximately 30% as of december 31, 2018.
review of "all other" reserves in property & casualty other operations in the fourth quarters of 2019, 2018 and 2017, the company completed evaluations of certain of its non-asbestos and non-environmental reserves in property & casualty other operations, including unallocated loss adjustment expense reserves and the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance.  overall prior year development on all other reserves resulted in increases of $21, $65 and $18, respectively for calendar years 2019, 2018 and 2017.  included in the 2019 adverse reserve development was a $37 increase in reserves for unallocated loss adjustment expenses, primarily due to an increase in expected aggregate claim handling costs associated with asbestos and environmental claims, as well as higher than anticipated ulae costs in recent years, prompting an increase in the projected ulae run rate.
the company provides an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, reflecting management's best estimate of reinsurance cessions that may be uncollectible in the future due to reinsurers' unwillingness or inability to pay. during the fourth quarters of 2019, 2018 and 2017, the company completed its annual evaluations of the collectibility of the reinsurance recoverables and the adequacy of the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance associated with older, long-term casualty liabilities reported in property & casualty other operations.  in conducting these evaluations, the company used its most recent detailed evaluations of ceded liabilities reported in the segment.  the company analyzed the overall credit quality of the company's reinsurers, recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes between cedants and reinsurers, and recent developments in commutation activity between reinsurers and cedants. as of december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance for property & casualty other operations totaled $71, $105 and $86, respectively.  due to the inherent uncertainties as to collection and the length of time before reinsurance recoverables become due, particularly for older, long-term casualty liabilities, it is possible that future adjustments to the company's reinsurance recoverables, net of the allowance, could be required.
impact of re-estimates on property and casualty insurance product reserves estimating property and casualty insurance product reserves uses a variety of methods, assumptions and data elements. ultimate losses may vary materially from the current estimates. many factors can contribute to these variations and the need to change the previous estimate of required reserve levels. prior accident year reserve development is generally due to the emergence of additional facts that were not known or anticipated part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations at the time of the prior reserve estimate and/or due to changes in interpretations of information and trends.
the table below shows the range of annual reserve re-estimates experienced by the hartford over the past ten years. the amount of prior accident year development (as shown in the reserve rollforward) for a given calendar year is expressed as a percent of the beginning calendar year reserves, net of reinsurance. the ranges presented are significantly influenced by the facts and circumstances of each particular year and by the fact that only the last ten years are included in the range. accordingly, these percentages are not intended to be a prediction of the range of possible future variability. for further discussion of the potential for variability in recorded loss reserves, see preferred reserving methods by line of business and impact of key assumptions on reserves sections.
range of prior accident year unfavorable (favorable) development for the ten years ended december 31, 2019
annual range of prior accident year unfavorable (favorable) development for the ten years ended december 31, 2019   (2.9%) - 1.0%      (6.9%) - 8.3%    0.9% - 9.8%                                (1.1%) - 2.4%
[1]   excluding the reserve increases for asbestos and environmental reserves, over the past ten years, reserve re-estimates for total property and casualty insurance ranged from (2.5%) to 1.0%.
the potential variability of the company's property and casualty insurance product reserves would normally be expected to vary by segment and the types of loss exposures insured by those segments. illustrative factors influencing the potential reserve variability for each of the segments are discussed under critical accounting estimates for property & casualty insurance product reserves and asbestos and environmental reserves. see the section entitled property & casualty other operations, annual reserve reviews about the impact that the a&e adc retroactive reinsurance agreement with nico may have on net reserve changes of asbestos and environmental reserves going forward.
the following table summarizes the effect of reserve re-estimates, net of reinsurance, on calendar year operations for the ten-year period ended december 31, 2019. the total of each column details the amount of reserve re-estimates made in the indicated calendar year and shows the accident years to which the re-estimates are applicable. the amounts in the total column on the far right represent the cumulative reserve re-estimates during the ten year period ended december 31, 2019 for the indicated accident year in each row. this table does not include navigators group reserve re-estimates for periods prior to the acquisition of the business on may 23, 2019.
effect of net reserve re-estimates on calendar year operations calendar year
[1]   for the 2019 calendar year, net favorable prior accident year development recognized in the consolidated statement of operations was $65 rather than $81 as shown in this table as the company recognized a $16 deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance. see note 2 - business acquisitions of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[2]   for calendar years before 2017, the 2009 and prior accident year development includes adverse development for a&amp;e reserves. beginning with the 2017 calendar year, a&amp;e reserve development has been ceded to nico.
the commentary below explains, by accident year, the total prior accident year development recognized over the past 10 years.
accident years 2009 and prior the net increases in estimates of ultimate losses for accident years 2009 and prior are driven mostly by increased reserves for asbestos and environmental reserves, and also by increased estimates for customs bonds and other mass torts claims.
partially offsetting these reserve increases was favorable development in general liability and workers' compensation.
additionally, reserves for professional liability were reduced due to a lower estimate of claim severity in both directors' and officers' and errors and omissions insurance claims. reserves for part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations personal automobile liability claims were reduced largely due to improvement in emerged claim severity.
unfavorable changes in estimates of ultimate losses on accident years 2010 and 2011 were primarily related to workers'
compensation loss cost trends were higher than initially expected as an increase in frequency outpaced a moderation of severity trends. unfavorable commercial automobile liability reserve re-estimates were driven by higher frequency of large loss bodily injury claims.
estimates of ultimate losses were decreased for accident years
2012 and 2013 due to favorable frequency and/or medical severity trends for workers' compensation and favorable professional liability claim emergence. favorable emergence of property lines of business, including catastrophes, for the 2013 accident year, is partially offset by increased reserves in automobile liability due to increased severity of large claims.
changes in estimates of ultimate losses for accident years 2014
and 2015 were largely driven by unfavorable frequency and severity trends for personal and commercial automobile liability, increased severity of liability claims on package business and increased estimated severity on the acquired navigators group book of business related to u.s construction, premises liability, products liability and excess casualty offset by favorable frequency and medical severity trends for workers' compensation.
estimates of ultimate losses were decreased for the 2016
accident year largely due to reserve decreases on short-tail lines of business, where results emerge more quickly, and workers' compensation due to lower estimated claim severity, somewhat offset by unfavorable reserve estimates for higher hazard general liability exposures due to increased frequency and severity trends, higher estimated severity in middle & large commercial and on the acquired navigators group book of business related to u.s construction, premises liability, products liability and excess casualty accident year 2017
ultimate loss estimates were decreased for the 2017 accident year mainly due to favorable reserve estimates in personal auto liability due to emergence of lower estimated severity, workers' compensation related to lower than previously estimated claim severity and release of reserves related to catastrophes, somewhat offset by increases in estimates of ultimate losses in general liability and bond. partially offsetting was an increase to general liability reserves that was related to higher hazard exposures which experienced increased frequency and severity trends. in addition, unfavorable bond reserve re-estimates were driven by large claims.
ultimate loss estimates were increased for the 2018 accident year mainly due to commercial auto liability, and professional liability. commercial auto liability was related to higher estimated severity on national accounts. on the navigators group book of business, reserve increases for professional liability was related to large loss activity and increased estimated severity on directors and officers reserves.
group benefit ltd reserves, net of reinsurance the company establishes reserves for group life and accident & health contracts, including long-term disability coverage, for both outstanding reported claims and claims related to insured events that the company estimates have been incurred but have not yet been reported. these reserve estimates can change over time based on facts and interpretations of circumstances, and consideration of various internal factors including the hartford's experience with similar cases, claim payment patterns, loss control programs and mix of business. in addition, the reserve estimates are influenced by various external factors including court decisions and economic conditions. the effects of inflation are implicitly considered in the reserving process. long-tail claim liabilities are discounted because the payment pattern and the ultimate costs are reasonably fixed and determinable on an individual claim basis. the majority of group benefits' reserves are for ltd claimants who are known to be disabled and are currently receiving benefits. the company held $6,616 and $6,767 of ltd unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance, as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
reserving methodology how reserves are set - a disabled life reserve ("dlr") is calculated for each ltd claim. the dlr for each claim is the expected present value of all future benefit payments starting with the known monthly gross benefit which is reduced for estimates of the expected claim recovery due to return to work or claimant death, offsets from other income including offsets from social security benefits, and discounting where the discount rate is tied to expected investment yield at the time the claim is incurred. estimated future benefit payments represent the monthly income benefit that is paid until recovery, death or expiration of benefits. claim recoveries are estimated based on claim characteristics such as age and diagnosis and represent an estimate of benefits that will terminate, generally as a result of the claimant returning to work or being deemed able to return to work. for claims recently closed due to recovery, a portion of the dlr is retained for the possibility that the claim reopens upon further evidence of disability.  in addition, a reserve for estimated unpaid claim expenses is included in the dlr.
the dlr also includes a liability for potential payments to pending claimants beyond the elimination period who have not yet been approved for ltd. in these cases, the present value of future benefits is reduced for the likelihood of claim denial based on company experience.
estimates for incurred but not reported ("ibnr") claims are made by applying completion factors to expected emerged experience by line of business.  included within ibnr are bulk reserves for claims reported but still within the waiting period until benefits are paid, typically 3 or 6 months depending on the contract.  completion factors are derived from standard actuarial techniques using triangles that display historical claim count emergence by incurral month. these estimates are reviewed for reasonableness and are adjusted for current trends and other factors expected to cause a change in claim emergence. the part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reserves include an estimate of unpaid claim expenses, including a provision for the cost of initial set-up of the claim once reported.
for all products, including ltd, there is a period generally ranging from two to twelve months, depending on the product and line of business, where emerged claims for an incurral year are not yet credible enough to be a basis for estimating reserves.  in these cases, the ultimate loss is estimated using earned premium multiplied by an expected loss ratio based on pricing assumptions of claim incidence, claim severity, and earned pricing.
current trends contributing to reserve uncertainty in group insurance, ltd has the longest pattern of loss emergence and the highest reserve amount. one significant risk to the reserve would be a slowdown in recoveries. in particular, the economic environment can affect the ability of a disabled employee to return-to-work and the length of time an employee receives disability benefits. another significant risk is a change in benefit offsets. often the company pays a reduced benefit due to offsets from other income sources such as pensions or social security disability insurance ("ssdi"). possible changes to the frequency, timing, or amount of offsets, such as a change in ssdi approval standards or benefit offerings, create a risk that the amount to settle open claims will exceed initial estimates. since the monthly income benefit for a claimant is established based on the individual's salary at the time of disability and the level of coverages and benefits provided, inflation is not considered a significant risk to the reserve estimate. few of the company's ltd policies provide for cost of living adjustments to the monthly income benefit.
impact of key assumptions on reserves the key assumptions affecting our group life and accident & health reserves including disability include:
discount rate - the discount rate is the interest rate at which expected future claim cash flows are discounted to determine the present value. a higher selected discount rate results in a lower reserve. if the discount rate is higher than our future investment returns, our invested assets will not earn enough investment income to cover the discount accretion on our claim reserves which would negatively affect our profits. for each incurral year, the discount rates are estimated based on investment yields expected to be earned net of investment expenses. the incurral year is the year in which the claim is incurred and the estimated settlement pattern is determined. once established, discount rates for each incurral year are unchanged except that ltd reserves assumed from the acquisition of aetna's u.s. group life and disability business are all discounted using current rates as of the november 1, 2017 acquisition date. the weighted average discount rate on ltd reserves was 3.4% in 2019 and 2018. had the discount rate for each incurral year been 10 basis points lower at the time they were established, our ltd unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense reserves would be higher by $30, pretax, as of december 31, 2019.
claim termination rates (inclusive of mortality, recoveries, and expiration of benefits) - claim termination rates are an estimate of the rate at which claimants will cease receiving benefits during a given calendar year. terminations result from a number of factors, including death, recoveries and expiration of benefits. the probability that benefits will terminate in each future month for each claim is estimated using a predictive model that uses past company experience, contract provisions, job characteristics and other claimant-specific characteristics such as diagnosis, time since disability began, and age. actual claim termination experience will vary from period to period. over the past 8 years, claim termination rates for a single incurral year have generally increased and have ranged from % below to % above current assumptions over that time period. for a single recent incurral year (such as 2019), a one percent decrease in our assumption for ltd claim termination rates would increase our reserves by $9. for all incurral years combined, as of december 31, 2019, a one percent decrease in our assumption for our ltd claim termination rates would increase our group benefits unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense reserves by $22.
evaluation of goodwill for impairment current evaluation for goodwill impairment goodwill balances are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would indicate that a triggering event for a potential impairment has occurred. the goodwill impairment test follows a two-step process. in the first step, the fair value of a reporting unit is compared to its carrying value. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the impairment test is performed for purposes of measuring the impairment. in the second step, the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit to determine an implied goodwill value. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied goodwill value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, not to exceed the goodwill carrying value.
the estimated fair value of each reporting unit incorporates multiple inputs into discounted cash flow calculations including assumptions that market participants would make in valuing the reporting unit. assumptions include levels of economic capital, future business growth, earnings projections, assets under management for hartford funds, and the weighted average cost of capital used for purposes of discounting. decreases in business growth, decreases in earnings projections and increases in the weighted average cost of capital will all cause a reporting unit's fair value to decrease, increasing the possibility of impairment.
a reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. the company's reporting units, for which goodwill has been allocated consist of commercial lines, personal lines, group benefits, and hartford funds.
the carrying value of goodwill is $1,913 as of december 31, 2019 and is comprised of $661 for commercial lines, $119 for personal lines, $861 for group benefits, and $272 for hartford funds.
the annual goodwill assessment for the reporting units was completed as of october 31, 2019, and resulted in no write-downs of goodwill for the year ended december 31, 2019. all reporting units passed the first step of the annual impairment test with a significant margin. for information regarding the 2018 and
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2017 impairment tests see note 10 -goodwill & other intangible assets of notes to consolidated financial statements.
future accounting change contributing to uncertainty for goodwill impairment effective january 1, 2020, the company will adopt updated accounting guidance on recognition and measurement of goodwill impairment, as required. the updated guidance requires recognition and measurement of goodwill impairment based on the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its estimated fair value, up to the amount of the reporting unit's goodwill. since the estimated fair value of the reporting unit will no longer be allocated to the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit to determine an implied goodwill value, under the updated guidance, changes in market-based factors are more likely to result in a goodwill impairment, whether a reporting unit's fair value is estimated using an income approach or a market approach. for example, changes in the weighted average cost of capital that is used to discount expected cash flows under the income approach or changes in market-based factors such as peer company price to earnings multiples or price to book multiples under a market approach can significantly affect changes to the estimated fair value of each reporting unit and such changes could result in impairments that have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
valuation of investments and derivative instruments fixed maturities, equity securities, short-term investments and derivatives the company generally determines fair values using valuation techniques that use prices, rates, and other relevant information evident from market transactions involving identical or similar instruments. valuation techniques also include, where appropriate, estimates of future cash flows that are converted into a single discounted amount using current market expectations. the company uses a "waterfall" approach comprised of the following pricing sources which are listed in priority order: quoted prices, prices from third-party pricing services, internal matrix pricing, and independent broker quotes. the fair value of derivative instruments are determined primarily using a discounted cash flow model or option model technique and incorporate counterparty credit risk. in some cases, quoted market prices for exchange-traded transactions and transactions cleared through central clearing houses ("otc-cleared") may be used and in other cases independent broker quotes may be used. for further discussion, see the fixed maturities, equity securities, short-term investments and derivatives section in note 5 - fair value measurements of notes to consolidated financial statements.
evaluation of otti on available-for-sale securities and valuation allowances on mortgage loans each quarter, a committee of investment and accounting professionals evaluates investments to determine if an other-than-temporary impairment ("impairment") is present for afs securities or a valuation allowance is required for mortgage loans.
this evaluation is a quantitative and qualitative process, which is subject to risks and uncertainties. for further discussion of the accounting policies, see the significant investment accounting policies section in note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements. for a discussion of impairments recorded, see the other-than-temporary impairments within the investment portfolio risks and risk management section of the md&a.
valuation allowance on deferred tax assets deferred tax assets represent the tax benefit of future deductible temporary differences and certain tax carryforwards. deferred tax assets are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when such benefits are realized if there is no change in tax law. under u.s. gaap, we test the value of deferred tax assets for impairment on a quarterly basis at the entity level within each tax jurisdiction, consistent with our filed tax returns. deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the determination of the valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets requires management to make certain judgments and assumptions. in evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, we have considered all available evidence as of december 31, 2019, including past operating results, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event we determine it is more likely than not that we will not be able to realize all or part of our deferred tax assets in the future, an increase to the valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. likewise, if it is later determined that it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets would be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed. our judgments and assumptions are subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future performance and specific industry and investment market conditions.
as of december 31, 2019, the company has recorded a valuation allowance of $4 against foreign deferred tax assets for foreign nols. as of december 31, 2018, the company had no valuation allowance on u.s. nol's. the u.s. nol carryovers, if unused, would expire between 2028 and 2036. the foreign nols do not expire. as of december 31, 2019, the company projects there will be sufficient future taxable income to fully recover the remainder of the nol carryover for which benefits have been recognized, though the company's estimate of the likely realization may change over time. as of december 31, 2019 the company had remaining amt credit carryovers of $410 which are reflected as a current income tax receivable within other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. amt credits may be used to offset a regular tax liability for any taxable year beginning after december 31, 2017, and are refundable at an amount equal to 50 percent of the excess of the minimum tax credit for the taxable year over the amount of credit allowable for the year against regular tax liability. any remaining credits not used against regular tax liability are refundable in the 2021 tax year to be realized in 2022. for additional information about tax reform, see note - 16, income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management considered future taxable temporary difference reversals, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryovers, taxable income in open carry back years and other tax planning strategies. from time to time, tax planning strategies could include holding a portion of debt securities with market value losses until recovery, altering the level of tax exempt securities held, making investments which have specific tax characteristics, and business considerations such as asset-liability matching. management views such tax planning strategies as prudent and feasible, and would implement them, if necessary, to realize the deferred tax assets.
contingencies relating to corporate litigation and regulatory matters management evaluates each contingent matter separately. a loss is recorded if probable and reasonably estimable. management establishes reserves for these contingencies at its "best estimate," or, if no one number within the range of possible losses is more probable than any other, the company records an estimated reserve at the low end of the range of losses.
the company has a quarterly monitoring process involving legal and accounting professionals. legal personnel first identify outstanding corporate litigation and regulatory matters posing a reasonable possibility of loss. these matters are then jointly reviewed by accounting and legal personnel to evaluate the facts and changes since the last review in order to determine if a provision for loss should be recorded or adjusted, the amount that should be recorded, and the appropriate disclosure. the outcomes of certain contingencies currently being evaluated by the company, which relate to corporate litigation and regulatory matters, are inherently difficult to predict, and the reserves that have been established for the estimated settlement amounts are subject to significant changes. management expects that the ultimate liability, if any, with respect to such lawsuits, after consideration of provisions made for estimated losses, will not be material to the consolidated financial condition of the company. in view of the uncertainties regarding the outcome of these matters, as well as the tax-deductibility of payments, it is possible that the ultimate cost to the company of these matters could exceed the reserve by an amount that would have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated results of operations and liquidity in a particular quarterly or annual period.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations segment operating summaries commercial lines results of operations underwriting summary
change in unearned premium reserve                162              89              91
losses and loss adjustment expenses current accident year before catastrophes       4,913           4,037           3,961
prior accident year development [1]               (44   )        (200   )         (22   )
total losses and loss adjustment expenses       5,192           4,112           4,322
amortization of dac                             1,296           1,048           1,009
underwriting expenses                           1,600           1,369           1,347
amortization of other intangible assets            18               4               1
underwriting gain                                 189             525             188
net realized capital gains (losses) [2]           271             (43   )         103
[1]   for discussion of current accident year catastrophes and prior accident year development, see md&amp;a - critical accounting estimates, property and casualty insurance product reserves development, net of reinsurance.
[2]   for discussion of consolidated investment results, see md&amp;a - investment results.
[3]   for discussion of income taxes, see note 16 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
premium measures
small commercial new business premium                                           $646          $600          $552
middle market new business premium                                               584           540           466
middle market policy count retention [1]                                          80   %        78   %        78   %
middle market premium retention [1]                                               84   %        83   %        82   %
small commercial policies in-force as of end of period (in thousands)          1,291         1,271         1,266
middle market policies in-force as of end of period (in thousands) [1]            62            64            66
[1]   excludes certain risk classes of higher hazard general liability in middle market.
[2]   small commercial and middle market lines within middle &amp; large commercial are generally referred to as standard commercial lines.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations underwriting ratios
loss and loss adjustment expense ratio current accident year before catastrophes                                          59.3        57.3        57.7
prior accident year development                                                    (0.5    )   (2.8    )   (0.3    )
total loss and loss adjustment expense ratio                                       62.6        58.4        63.0
current accident year catastrophes and prior year development                       3.4         1.1         5.3
current accident year change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business [1]    0.3           -           -
underlying combined ratio                                                          94.0        91.5        92.0
[1]   upon acquisition of navigators group and a review of navigators insurers reserves, the year ended december 31, 2019 included $68 of prior accident year reserve increases and $29 of current accident year reserve increases which were excluded for the purposes of the underlying combined ratio calculation.
2020 outlook the company expects higher commercial lines written premiums in 2020, largely driven by the inclusion of a full year of written premium from the navigators group acquisition. apart from the navigators group acquisition, the company expects both new business and premium renewal retention to be relatively flat compared with 2019 as a modest increase in new and renewal premium for middle and large commercial, driven in part by continued growth in industry verticals, is expected to offset a modest decrease in small commercial new business. management expects positive renewal written pricing in all lines of business except workers' compensation, which is expected to be flat to slightly positive in middle market and down in small commercial. in addition to the impact of pricing trends, written premium growth in 2019 will depend on economic conditions as economic growth is expected to moderate in 2020 while the interest rate environment will also put pressure on pricing.
pricing varies significantly by product line with mid-single digit pricing increases expected in property and general liability and high single to low double digit written pricing increases expected in commercial automobile. in workers' compensation, given favorable profitability trends, rates are expected to continue to decline in 2020, particularly in small commercial. additionally, 2020 rates are expected to remain firm in global specialty where increases are expected in international, wholesale and financial lines.
the company expects the commercial lines combined ratio will be between approximately 95.5 and 97.5 for 2020, compared to 97.7 in 2019, primarily due to lower current accident year catastrophe losses expected in 2020, partially offset by less favorable prior year development. the underlying combined ratio is expected to be flat to slightly lower as earned pricing increases in excess of moderate increases in loss costs in most lines will be largely offset by continued margin compression in workers' compensation, while the expense ratio is expected to be down slightly. current accident year catastrophes are assumed to be 2.9 points of the combined ratio in 2020 compared to 3.9 points in 2019.
net income decreased slightly in 2019 due to $91 before tax of adc ceded premium and a lower underwriting gain, largely offset by a shift from net realized capital losses in 2018 to net realized capital gains in 2019 and higher net investment income.
contributing to the increase in net investment income was income on invested assets acquired from navigators group and higher income from limited partnerships and alternative investments. for further discussion of investment results, see md&a - investment results.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations underwriting gain year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018
underwriting gain decreased in 2019, primarily due to a decrease in net favorable prior year development, including $97 before tax of increases to navigators group reserves upon acquisition of the business, higher expenses, a higher current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before catastrophes, and higher catastrophe losses, partially offset by the effect of higher earned premium, excluding navigators group. higher commissions contributed to the increase in amortization of dac. contributing to the increase in underwriting expenses was the effect of higher information technology and operations costs in middle market as well as higher operations and other costs in small commercial associated with the 2018 renewal rights agreement with farmers group to acquire its foremost-branded small commercial business.
additionally, the acquisition of navigators group contributed to the increase in earned premiums with a corresponding increase to losses and loss adjustment expenses, amortization of dac and underwriting expenses. apart from the effect of the navigators group acquisition, earned premiums increased in all commercial lines of business.
[1]   other of $42, $45, and $46 for 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively, is included in the total.
earned premiums increased in 2019 reflecting written premium growth over the preceding twelve months.
written premiums increased in 2019 with growth across small commercial, middle & large commercial, and global specialty, including growth from the acquisition of navigators group. in standard commercial lines, renewal written pricing increased in 2019, mostly attributable to higher written pricing in property and general liability lines, partially offset by larger rate decreases in small commercial workers' compensation. new business premium in small commercial and middle market increased over the prior year, with increases in package business and workers' compensation in small commercial and property and industry verticals in middle market.
•   small commercial written premium increased primarily driven by having a full year's premium from the business acquired under a 2018 renewal rights agreement with farmers group to acquire its foremost-branded small commercial business, offset by lower renewal premium in workers' compensation.
•   middle &amp; large commercial written premium growth was primarily due to new business growth, the acquisition of navigators group and higher renewal premium in core middle market lines, as well as growth in certain industry verticals, including construction and energy. the increase in renewal part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations premium was due to renewal written price increases across most lines and higher audit premium.
•   global specialty written premium increased in 2019 driven by the acquisition of navigators group as well as growth in financial products and bond.
current accident year loss and lae ratio before catastrophes increased in 2019 primarily due to a higher loss and loss adjustment expense ratio on the acquired navigators group business and higher non-catastrophe property losses in small commercial package business and middle market inland marine as well as a higher loss and loss adjustment expense ratio in workers' compensation due to rate decreases.
included in current accident year loss and loss adjustment expenses before catastrophes for 2019 was a $29 increase in current accident year navigators group reserves upon acquisition of the business in may 2019, which was driven primarily by increased loss estimates for general liability, international professional liability and assumed reinsurance accident and health business.
catastrophes and unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018
current accident year catastrophe losses for 2019 were primarily from tornado, wind and hail events in various areas of the midwest, mountain west and southeast and, to a lesser extent, winter storms in the northern plains, midwest and northeast. current accident year catastrophe losses in 2018 were primarily from hurricanes florence and michael in the southeast, wildfires in california, wind and hail storms in colorado, and various wind storms and winter storms across the country. catastrophe losses in 2018 are net of an estimated reinsurance recoverable of $28 under the 2018 property aggregate reinsurance treaty that was allocated to commercial lines. due to reductions in 2018 catastrophe loss estimates in 2019, the reinsurance recoverable under the property aggregate treaty allocated to commercial lines was reduced to $15 as of december 31, 2019.
prior accident year development was less favorable in 2019 than in 2018. net reserve decreases for 2019 were primarily related to lower loss reserve estimates for workers' compensation claims, package business reserves and catastrophes, partially offset by a $68 before tax increase to navigators group reserves upon acquisition of the business and increases in reserves for auto liability and general liability. the increase in navigators group reserves upon acquisition of the business principally related to higher reserve estimates for general liability, professional liability and marine. net reserve decreases for 2018 were primarily related to decreases for workers' compensation, catastrophes and unallocated loss adjustment expense reserves, partially offset by an increase in general liability reserves.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations personal lines results of operations underwriting summary
change in unearned premium reserve                (67   )        (123   )        (129   )
losses and loss adjustment expenses current accident year before catastrophes       2,087           2,249           2,584
prior accident year development [1]               (42   )         (32   )         (37   )
total losses and loss adjustment expenses       2,185           2,763           3,000
amortization of dac                               259             275             309
underwriting expenses                             625             611             577
amortization of other intangible assets             6               4               4
underwriting gain (loss)                          160            (214   )        (156   )
net realized capital gains (losses) [3]            43              (7   )          15
income tax expense (benefit) [4]                   76             (19   )          26
[1]   for discussion of current accident year catastrophes and prior accident year development, see md&amp;a - critical accounting estimates, property and casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance.
[2]   includes servicing revenues of $83, $84, and $85 for 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively and includes servicing expenses of $70, $68, and $69 for 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.
[3]   for discussion of consolidated investment results, see md&amp;a - investment results.
[4]   for discussion of income taxes, see note 16 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations premium measures
policies in-force end of period (in thousands)
new business written premium automobile                                          $220          $169          $152
underwriting ratios
loss and loss adjustment expense ratio current accident year before catastrophes                       65.3        66.2        70.0
prior accident year development                                 (1.3    )   (0.9    )   (1.0    )
total loss and loss adjustment expense ratio                    68.3        81.3        81.3
current accident year catastrophes and prior year development    3.1        15.2        11.3
underlying combined ratio                                       91.9        91.2        93.0
underlying combined ratio   97.9      98.2      99.7
underlying combined ratio   78.3      75.1      77.1
2020 outlook written premium is expected to decline in 2020 as non-renewal of premium more than offsets new business growth, with a larger percentage decrease expected in the agency channel. the company expects to increase new business in 2020, with most of the growth in the direct channel, driven by investments in product enhancements and targeted marketing initiatives. in 2020, the company expects written pricing increases in 2020 to be in the low to mid-single digits for automobile and mid-single digits for homeowners.
the company expects the combined ratio for personal lines will be between approximately 98.5 and 100.5 for 2020 compared to 95.0 in 2019, primarily due to higher current accident year catastrophes, less favorable prior year development, and a higher expense ratio, partially offset by a modestly lower current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations catastrophes. the expected increase in the expense ratio is driven by lower earned premium and investments to support growth and strategic initiatives. the underlying combined ratio for personal lines is expected to be slightly higher, largely due to a higher expense ratio, partially offset by an improved current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio in automobile. current accident year catastrophes are assumed to be 7.1 points of the combined ratio in 2020 compared with 4.4 points in 2019. for automobile, we expect the underlying combined ratio to improve slightly as further improvement in the loss ratio before catastrophes, driven by earned pricing increases in excess of modestly higher loss costs, will be partially offset by a higher expense ratio. the underlying combined ratio for homeowners is expected to increase in 2020, primarily driven by a return to a higher, more normal, level of non-catastrophe weather and non-weather loss experience and a higher expense ratio, partially offset by the effect of earned pricing increases.
net income in 2019 improved from a net loss in 2018, primarily due to lower current accident year catastrophe losses. a change from net realized capital losses in 2018 to net realized capital gains in 2019 and higher net investment income were largely offset by a decrease in underlying underwriting results.
underwriting gain (loss)
underwriting gain in 2019 improved from an underwriting loss in 2018, primarily due to lower current accident year catastrophes and, to a lesser extent, a lower current accident year loss ratio before catastrophes in auto partially offset by the effect of lower earned premium and an increase in underwriting expenses. the increase in underwriting expenses was largely driven by investments in information technology, and an increase in direct marketing spending, selling expenses, and operational costs to generate new business, partially offset by a reduction in state taxes and assessments. the decrease in amortization of dac was commensurate with the reduction in earned premium.
earned premiums decreased in 2019, reflecting a decline in written premium over the prior six to twelve months in both agency channels and in aarp direct.
written premiums decreased in 2019 in aarp direct and both agency channels. despite an increase in new business and higher policy count retention in both auto and homeowners, written premium declined, primarily due to not generating enough new business to offset the loss of non-renewed premium.
renewal written pricing increases in 2019 were lower in both auto and homeowners in response to moderating loss cost trends.
policies in-force decreased in 2019 in both automobile and homeowners, driven by not generating enough new business to offset the loss of non-renewed policies.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before catastrophes year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018
current accident year loss and lae ratio before catastrophes decreased in 2019. for auto, a decrease in the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio was due to the effect of earned pricing increases and a slight decrease in average claim frequency, partially offset by a modest increase in average claim severity. for home, the increase in the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before catastrophes was driven by an increase in the loss adjustment expense and moderately higher severity partially offset by earned pricing increases and a decrease in frequency.
current accident year catastrophes and unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018
current accident year catastrophe losses for 2019 primarily included winter storms across the country and tornado, wind and hail events in the south, midwest, and mountain west. catastrophe losses for 2018 were primarily from wildfires in california, wind and hail storms in colorado, hurricanes florence and michael in the southeast and various wind storms and winter storms across the country. catastrophe losses in 2018 were net of an estimated reinsurance recoverable of $54 under the 2018 property aggregate reinsurance treaty that was allocated to personal lines. due to reductions in 2018 catastrophe loss estimates in 2019, the reinsurance recoverable under the property aggregate treaty allocated to personal lines was reduced to $30 as of december 31 2019.
prior accident year development was favorable in 2019 primarily due to a decrease in auto liability reserves for the 2017 accident year. favorable development in 2018 was primarily in automobile liability and homeowners, partially offset by an increase in net catastrophe loss reserves.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations property &amp; casualty other operations results of operations underwriting summary
change in unearned premium reserve             (2   )      (4   )       -
losses and loss adjustment expenses prior accident year development [1]            21          65          18
total losses and loss adjustment expenses      21          65          18
underwriting expenses                          12          12          14
underwriting loss                             (31   )     (77   )     (32   )
net realized capital gains (losses) [2]        20          (4   )      14
income tax expense (benefit) [3]               12          (7   )      24
[1]   for discussion of prior accident year development, see md&amp;a - critical accounting estimates, property and casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance.
[2]   for discussion of consolidated investment results, see md&amp;a - investment results.
[3]   for discussion of income taxes, see note 16 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
net income increased primarily due to a decrease in net unfavorable prior accident year development and an increase in net realized capital gains. the decrease in prior accident year development was principally due to a change from reserve increases for uncollectible reinsurance in 2018 to reserve decreases for uncollectible reinsurance in 2019.
asbestos reserves reflected no net incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses in 2019 as a $76 increase in estimated reserves before nico reinsurance was offset by $76 of losses recoverable under the nico treaty. the increase before nico reinsurance was primarily due to an increase in average mesothelioma settlement values driven by elevated plaintiff demands and defendant bankruptcies and, to a lesser extent, unfavorable developments in the application of coverage that resulted in increased liability shares on certain insureds. an increase in reserves from umbrella and excess policies in the 1981 - 1985 policy years contributed to the adverse development. partially offsetting the unfavorable development was the effect of a decrease in the number of mesothelioma claim filings and a projection that trend will continue.
environmental reserves reflected no net incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses in 2019 as a $56 increase in estimated reserves before nico reinsurance was offset by $56 of loss recoverable under the nico treaty. the increase in reserves before nico reinsurance was primarily due to an increase in the estimated costs to remediate sites polluted by coal ash and polyfluoroalkyl chemicals and due to increased defense and clean-up costs associated with superfund sites and intensifying regulatory scrutiny by state agencies for more extensive remediation.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations group benefits results of operations operating summary
net realized capital gains (losses) [1]                34             (47   )          34
benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses       4,055           4,214           2,803
amortization of dac                                    54              45              33
insurance operating costs and other expenses        1,311           1,282             915
amortization of other intangible assets                41              60               9
total benefits, losses and expenses                 5,461           5,601           3,760
[1]   for discussion of consolidated investment results, see md&amp;a - investment results.
[2]   for discussion of income taxes, see note 16 - income taxes of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
[1] integration and transaction costs related to the acquisition of aetna's u.s. group life and disability business are not included in the expense ratio.
adjustments to reconcile net income margin to core earnings margin:
net realized capital losses (gains) excluded from core earnings, before tax       (0.5   )%    0.9   %    (0.7   )%
integration and transaction costs associated with acquired business, before tax    0.6   %     0.8   %     0.4   %
income tax benefit                                                                   -   %    (0.3   )%   (1.1   )%
2020 outlook the company expects group benefits fully insured ongoing premiums to increase modestly in 2020, with increases in both sales and renewal premium. in 2020, the segment's net income margin is expected to be between 6.25% and 7.25%, compared to a net income margin of 8.8% in 2019. the expected decrease largely reflects the expectation of less favorable claim incidence and recoveries on long-term disability claims, lower expected investment yield driven, in part, by strong investment returns part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations from limited partnerships in 2019 that are not assumed to repeat in 2020, and a level of net realized capital gains in 2019 not expected to recur in 2020. management expects that the 2020 core earnings margin, which does not include the effect of net realized capital gains (losses) or integration costs associated with the acquired business, will be in the range of 6.5% to 7.5%, down from a 2019 core earnings margin of 8.9%, primarily due to the expectation of less favorable claim incidence and recoveries on long-term disability claims and lower expected investment income.
net income increased in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to a lower group disability loss ratio and a change from net realized capital losses in 2018 to net realized capital gains in 2019. lower amortization of other intangibles, higher net investment income and lower integration costs were largely offset by higher insurance operating costs and other expenses.
insurance operating costs and other expenses increased in 2019 compared to 2018 due to higher commissions on our voluntary product offerings and investments in technology and claims operations, partially offset by achievements of expense synergies and lower state taxes and assessments.
fully insured ongoing premiums were relatively flat in 2019 compared to 2018 as a decrease in group life was offset by an increase in group disability and higher premiums from voluntary products.
fully insured ongoing sales, excluding buyouts decreased in 2019 compared to 2018 with decreases in group disability and group life, partially offset by an increase in sales of voluntary products. part of the decrease in fully insured ongoing sales was due to first year sales of the new york paid family leave product in 2018.
ratios part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018
total loss ratio decreased 3.0 points from 2018 to 2019 as a decrease in the group disability loss ratio was partially offset by an increase in the group life loss ratio. the group disability loss ratio decreased 5.8 points driven by continued favorable incidence trends and strong claim recoveries on prior incurral year reserves, including the impact of updating our claim recovery probabilities to more recent experience and an experience refund related to the new york paid family leave product.
expense ratio increased 0.5 points from 2018 to 2019, due to higher commissions on our voluntary product offerings, investments in technology and claims, and higher amortization of dac, partially offset by achievements of expense synergies and lower state taxes and assessments.
hartford funds results of operations operating summary
net realized capital gains (losses)                                                                5                (4   )             -
amortization of dac                                                                               12                16                21
operating costs and other expenses                                                               813               831               805
total benefits, losses and expenses                                                              825               847               826
adjustments to reconcile roa to roa, core earnings:
effect of net realized capital (gains) losses, excluded from core earnings, before tax          (0.3   )           0.4                 -
effect of income tax benefit (expense)                                                             -              (0.1   )           0.3
[1]   for discussion of income taxes, see note 16 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[2]   represents annualized earnings divided by a daily average of assets under management, as measured in basis points.
mutual fund and etp aum - beginning of period                      $91,557           $99,090           $81,507
change in market value and other                                    20,789            (7,247   )        14,181
mutual fund and etp aum - end of period                            112,533            91,557            99,090
hartford funds aum - end of period                                $126,958          $104,840          $115,350
[1]   represents aum of the life and annuity business sold in may 2018 that is still managed by the company's hartford funds segment.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations mutual fund aum by asset class
multi-strategy investments [1]        21,332          18,233          20,469
exchange-traded products               3,442           1,871             480
[1]   includes balanced, allocation, and alternative investment products.
2020 outlook assuming continued growth in equity markets in 2020 and an expectation of positive net flows, the company expects net income for hartford funds to increase from 2019 to 2020. the company expects to increase net sales in 2020 from a diversified lineup of mutual funds and etps, though net flows are more uncertain given the increased volatility in the markets. assuming the company can generate positive net flows and fund performance is strong, assets under management are expected to increase modestly despite the expected continued decline of the talcott resolution aum.
net income increased slightly in 2019 as a change from net realized capital losses in 2018 to net realized capital gains in 2019 was largely offset by the effect of lower investment management fee revenues, an increase in contingent consideration payable associated with the acquisition of lattice strategies llc
("lattice") and lower state income tax expense in 2018. the decrease in investment management fees was driven by fee reductions and a shift to lower fee funds, partially offset by the effect of slightly higher average daily aum. see note 5 - fair value measurements of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the lattice consideration.
hartford funds aum increased from december 31, 2018 to december 31, 2019 due to market appreciation in 2019 across equity, fixed income and multi-strategy funds and exchange traded products. net flows were slightly positive in 2019 compared to slightly negative net flows in 2018 with net inflows in exchange traded products and fixed income funds offset by net outflows in equity and multi-strategy funds.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations corporate results of operations operating summary
net realized capital gains (losses)                          22            (7   )          (1   )
benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses [1]            19            11              31
insurance operating costs and other expenses                 83            83              59
loss on extinguishment of debt [2]                           90             6               -
total benefits, losses and expenses                         451           398           1,156
income tax expense (benefit) [3]                            (46   )       (95   )         457
loss from continuing operations, net of tax                (171   )      (198   )      (1,587   )
income (loss) from discontinued operations,net of tax         -           322          (2,869   )
[1]   represents benefits expense on life and annuity business previously underwritten by the company.
[2]   for discussion of debt, see note 13 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[3]   for discussion of income taxes, see note 16 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
net loss compared to net income in 2018 as 2018 included income from discontinued operations related to the life and annuity business sold in may 2018. the loss from continuing operations, net of tax, improved due to an increase in other revenues due to higher earnings on the company's retained equity interest in the legal entity that acquired the life and annuity business sold in 2018, lower interest expense, a change to net realized capital gains in 2019 from net realized capital losses in 2018, and greater fee revenue from managing the invested assets of talcott resolution post-sale, partially offset by an increase in loss on extinguishment of debt and transaction costs incurred in 2019 related to the navigators group acquisition.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018
interest expense decreased primarily due to the maturity of senior notes payable in january 2019 and the redemption of junior subordinated debentures in june 2018, partially offset by the issuance of senior notes in august 2019 in excess of the amount of proceeds used to redeem other outstanding senior notes. on june 15, 2018, the hartford redeemed $500 aggregate principal amount of its 8.125% fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated debentures due 2068. on january 15, 2019, the company repaid at maturity the $413 principal amount of its 6.0% senior notes. in third quarter 2019, after receiving net proceeds of $1.38 billion from the issuance of the 2.8% senior notes due august 19, 2029 and 3.6% senior notes due august 19, 2049, the hartford repaid $265 of 5.75% senior notes due 2023 that had been assumed in the navigators group acquisition and $800 of 5.125% senior notes due 2022 of the hartford financial services group, inc., and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $90. for additional information, see note 13 - debt of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
enterprise risk management the company's board of directors has ultimate responsibility for risk oversight, as described more fully in our proxy statement, while management is tasked with the day-to-day management of the company's risks.
the company manages and monitors risk through risk policies, controls and limits. at the senior management level, an enterprise risk and capital committee ("ercc") oversees the risk profile and risk management practices of the company. as illustrated below, a number of functional committees sit underneath the ercc, providing oversight of specific risk areas and recommending risk mitigation strategies to the ercc.
president chief financial officer chief investment officer chief risk officer general counsel others as deemed necessary by the committee chair ercc asset liability committee     underwriting risk committee     emerging risk steering committee              operational risk committee      economic capital executive committee      model oversight committee the company's enterprise risk management ("erm") function supports the ercc and functional committees, and is tasked with, among other things:
•   risk identification and assessment;
•   the development of risk appetites, tolerances, and limits;
•   risk monitoring; and
•   internal and external risk reporting.
the company categorizes its main risks as insurance risk, operational risk and financial risk, each of which is described in more detail below.
insurance risk insurance risk is the risk of losses of both a catastrophic and non-catastrophic nature on the p&c and group benefits products the company has sold. catastrophe insurance risk is the exposure arising from both natural (e.g., weather, earthquakes, wildfires, pandemics) and man-made catastrophes (e.g., terrorism, cyber-
attacks) that create a concentration or aggregation of loss across the company's insurance or asset portfolios.
sources of insurance risk non-catastrophe insurance risks exist within each of the company's segments except hartford funds and include:
•   property- risk of loss to personal or commercial property from automobile related accidents, weather, explosions, smoke, shaking, fire, theft, vandalism, inadequate installation, faulty equipment, collisions and falling objects, and/or machinery mechanical breakdown resulting in physical damage and other covered perils.
•   liability- risk of loss from automobile related accidents, uninsured and underinsured drivers, lawsuits from accidents, defective products, breach of warranty, negligent acts by professional practitioners, environmental claims, latent exposures, fraud, coercion, forgery, failure to fulfill obligations per contract surety, liability from errors and omissions, losses from political and credit coverages, losses part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations from derivative lawsuits, and other securities actions and covered perils.
•   mortality- risk of loss from unexpected trends in insured deaths impacting timing of payouts from group life insurance, personal or commercial automobile related accidents, and death of employees or executives during the course of employment, while on disability, or while collecting workers compensation benefits.
•   morbidity- risk of loss to an insured from illness incurred during the course of employment or illness from other covered perils.
•   disability- risk of loss incurred from personal or commercial automobile related losses, accidents arising outside of the workplace, injuries or accidents incurred during the course of employment, or from equipment, with each loss resulting in short term or long-term disability payments.
•   longevity- risk of loss from increased life expectancy trends among policyholders receiving long-term benefit payments.
•   cyber insurance- risk of loss to property, breach of data and business interruption from various types of cyber-attacks.
catastrophe risk primarily arises in the property, automobile, workers' compensation, casualty, group life, and group disability lines of business.
impact non-catastrophe insurance risk can arise from unexpected loss experience, underpriced business and/or underestimation of loss reserves and can have significant effects on the company's earnings. catastrophe insurance risk can arise from various unpredictable events and can have significant effects on the company's earnings and may result in losses that could constrain its liquidity.
management the company's policies and procedures for managing these risks include disciplined underwriting protocols, exposure controls, sophisticated risk-based pricing, risk modeling, risk transfer, and capital management strategies. the company has established underwriting guidelines for both individual risks, including individual policy limits, and risks in the aggregate, including aggregate exposure limits by geographic zone and peril. the company uses both internal and third-party models to estimate the potential loss resulting from various catastrophe events and the potential financial impact those events would have on the company's financial position and results of operations across its businesses.
in addition, certain insurance products offered by the hartford provide coverage for losses incurred due to cyber events and the company has assessed and modeled how those products would respond to different events in order to manage its aggregate exposure to losses incurred under the insurance policies we sell.  the company models numerous deterministic scenarios including losses caused by malware, data breach, distributed denial of service attacks, intrusions of cloud environments and attacks of power grids.
among specific risk tolerances set by the company, risk limits are set for natural catastrophes, terrorism risk and pandemic risk.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations risk                  definition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              details and company limits natural catastrophe   exposure arising from natural phenomena (e.g., earthquakes, wildfires, etc.) that create a concentration or aggregation of loss across the company's insurance or asset portfolios and the inherent volatility of weather or climate pattern changes.   the company generally limits its estimated pre-tax loss as a result of natural catastrophes for property &amp; casualty exposures from a single 250-year event to less than 30% of the projected total available capital at year end of the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries prior to reinsurance and to less than 15% of the projected total available capital at year end of the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries after reinsurance. from time to time the estimated loss to natural catastrophes from a single 250-year event prior to reinsurance may fluctuate above or below these limits due to changes in modeled loss estimates, exposures or statutory surplus. [2]
- the estimated 250 year pre-tax probable maximum loss from earthquake events is estimated to be $1.1 billion before reinsurance and $408 million net of reinsurance. [1]
- the estimated 250 year pre-tax probable maximum losses from hurricane events are estimated to be $1.8 billion before reinsurance and $906 net of reinsurance. [1]
terrorism             the risk of losses from terrorist attacks, including losses caused by single-site and multi-site conventional attacks, as well as the potential for attacks using nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological weapons ("nbcr").                       enterprise limits for terrorism apply to aggregations of risk across property-casualty, group benefits and specific asset portfolios and are defined based on a deterministic, single-site conventional terrorism attack scenario. the company manages its potential estimated loss from a conventional terrorism loss scenario, up to $2.0 billion net of reinsurance and $2.5 billion gross of reinsurance, before coverage under the terrorism risk insurance program established under "tripra". in addition, the company monitors exposures monthly and employs both internally developed and vendor-licensed loss modeling tools as part of its risk management discipline. our modeled exposures to conventional terrorist attacks around landmark locations may fluctuate above and below our stated limits.
pandemic              the exposure to loss arising from widespread influenza or other pathogens or bacterial infections that create an aggregation of loss across the company's insurance or asset portfolios.                                                                the company generally limits its estimated pre-tax loss from a single 250 year pandemic event to less than 18% of the aggregate projected total available capital at year end of the property and casualty and group benefits insurance subsidiaries. in evaluating these scenarios, the company assesses the impact on group life, short-term disability, long-term disability and property &amp; casualty claims. while erm has a process to track and manage these limits, from time to time, the estimated loss for pandemics may fluctuate above or below these limits due to changes in modeled loss estimates, exposures, or statutory surplus. in addition, the company assesses losses in the investment portfolio associated with market declines in the event of a widespread pandemic. [2]
[1]   the loss estimates represent total property losses for hurricane events and property and workers compensation losses for earthquake events resulting from a single event. the estimates provided are based on 250-year return period loss estimates that have a 0.4% likelihood of being exceeded in any single year. the net loss estimates provided assume that the company is able to recover all losses ceded to reinsurers under its reinsurance programs. the company also manages natural catastrophe risk for group life and group disability, which in combination with property and workers compensation loss estimates are subject to separate enterprise risk management net aggregate loss limits as a percent of enterprise surplus.
[2]   for u.s. insurance subsidiaries other than navigators insurers, total available capital is equal to actual statutory capital and surplus. for navigators insurers, including in u.s. and non-u.s. jurisdictions, total available capital is equal to u.s. gaap equity of those subsidiaries less certain assets such as goodwill, intangible assets, deferred taxes and other adjustments, including discounting.
reinsurance as a risk management strategy in addition to the policies and procedures outlined above, the company uses reinsurance to transfer certain risks to reinsurance companies based on specific geographic or risk concentrations. a variety of traditional reinsurance products are used as part of the company's risk management strategy, including excess of loss occurrence-based products that reinsure property and workers' compensation exposures, and individual risk (including facultative reinsurance) or quota share arrangements, that reinsure losses from specific classes or lines of business. the company has no significant finite risk contracts in place and the statutory surplus benefit from all such prior year contracts is immaterial. the hartford also participates in governmentally administered reinsurance facilities such as the florida hurricane catastrophe fund ("fhcf"), the terrorism risk insurance program ("tripra") and other reinsurance programs relating to particular risks or specific lines of business.
reinsurance for catastrophes- the company utilizes various reinsurance programs to mitigate catastrophe losses including excess of loss occurrence-based treaties covering property and workers' compensation, and an aggregate property catastrophe treaty as well as individual risk agreements (including facultative reinsurance) that reinsure losses from specific classes or lines of business. the aggregate property catastrophe treaty covers the aggregate of catastrophe events designated by the property claim services office of verisk and, for international business, net losses arising from two or more risks involved in the same loss occurrence totaling at least $500 thousand.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations primary catastrophe treaty reinsurance coverages as of january 1, 2020
portion of losses reinsured     portion of losses retained by the hartford per occurrence property catastrophe treaty from 1/1/2020 to 12/31/2020 [1] [2]
losses of $0 to $150                                                             none                                                         100% retained losses of $150 to $350 for named storms and earthquakes                          none                                                         100% retained losses of $150 to $350 from one event other than named storms and earthquakes    70% of $200 in excess of $150                         30% co-participation losses of $350 to $500 from one event (all perils)                               75% of $150 in excess of $350                         25% co-participation losses of $500 to $1.1 billion from one event [3] (all perils)                   90% of $600 in excess $500                            10% co-participation aggregate property catastrophe treaty for 1/1/2020 to 12/31/2020 [4]
$0 to $700 of aggregate losses                                                   none                                                         100% retained
$700 to $900 of aggregate losses                                                 100%                                                                  none workers' compensation catastrophe treaty for 1/1/2020 to 12/31/2020
losses of $0 to $100 from one event                                              none                                                         100% retained losses of $100 to $450 from one event [5]                                        80% of $350 in excess of $100                         20% co-participation
[1]   as of january 1, 2020 navigators group (global specialty) is included in the corporate property catastrophe treaties. these treaties do not cover the assumed reinsurance business which purchases its own retrocessional coverage.
[2]   in addition to the property occurrence treaty, for florida events, the hartford has purchased the mandatory fhcf reinsurance for the period from 6/1/2019 to 5/30/2020. retention and coverage varies by writing company. the writing company with the largest coverage under fhcf is hartford insurance company of the midwest, with coverage for approximately $67 of per event losses in excess of a $27 retention.
[3]   portions of this layer of coverage extend beyond a traditional one year term.
[4]   the aggregate treaty is not limited to a single event; rather, it is designed to provide reinsurance protection for the aggregate of all catastrophe events (up to $350 per event), either designated by the property claim services office of verisk or, for international business, net losses arising from two or more risks involved in the same loss occurrence totaling at least $500 thousand. all catastrophe losses apply toward satisfying the $700 attachment point under the aggregate treaty.
[5]   in addition to the limits shown, the workers' compensation reinsurance includes a non-catastrophe, industrial accident layer, providing coverage for 80% of $30 in per event losses in excess of a $20 retention.
in addition to the property catastrophe reinsurance coverage described in the above table, the company has other reinsurance agreements that cover property catastrophe losses. the per occurrence property catastrophe treaty, and workers' compensation catastrophe treaty include a provision to reinstate one limit in the event that a catastrophe loss exhausts limits on one or more layers under the treaties.
reinsurance for terrorism- for the risk of terrorism, private sector catastrophe reinsurance capacity is generally limited and largely unavailable for terrorism losses caused by nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks. as such, the company's principal reinsurance protection against large-scale terrorist attacks is the coverage currently provided through tripra to the end of 2027.
tripra provides a backstop for insurance-related losses resulting from any "act of terrorism", which is certified by the secretary of the treasury, in consultation with the secretary of homeland security and the attorney general, for losses that exceed a threshold of industry losses of $200 billion. under the program, in any one calendar year, the federal government will pay a percentage of losses incurred from a certified act of terrorism after an insurer's losses exceed 20% of the company's eligible direct commercial earned premiums of the prior calendar year up to a combined annual aggregate limit for the federal government and all insurers of $100 billion. the percentage of losses paid by the federal government is 80% . the company's estimated deductible under the program is $1.5 billion for 2020. if an act of terrorism or acts of terrorism result in covered losses exceeding the $100 billion annual industry aggregate limit, congress would be responsible for determining how additional losses in excess of $100 billion will be paid.
reinsurance for a&e and navigators group reserve development - the company has two adverse development cover ("adc") reinsurance agreements in place, both of which are accounted for as retroactive reinsurance. one agreement covers substantially all a&e reserve development for 2016 and prior accident years (the "a&e adc") and the other covers substantially all reserve development of navigators insurance company and certain of its affiliates for 2018 and prior accident years ("navigators adc"). for more information on the a&e adc and the navigators adc, see note 1, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies, and note 11, reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses.
reinsurance recoverables property and casualty insurance product reinsurance recoverables represent loss and loss adjustment expense recoverables from a number of entities, including reinsurers and pools.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations property & casualty reinsurance recoverables as of december 31,
paid loss and loss adjustment expenses          $249              $127
unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses       4,819             3,773
as shown in the following table, a portion of the total gross reinsurance recoverables relates to the company's mandatory participation in various involuntary assigned risk pools and the value of annuity contracts held under structured settlement agreements. reinsurance recoverables due from mandatory pools are backed by the financial strength of the property and casualty insurance industry. annuities purchased from third-party life insurers under structured settlements are recognized as reinsurance recoverables in cases where the company has not obtained a release from the claimant. of the remaining gross reinsurance recoverables, the portion of recoverables due from companies rated by a.m. best is as follows:
distribution of gross reinsurance recoverables as of december 31,
mandatory (assigned risk) pools and structured settlements                               (1,186    )                      (1,220    )
% of total                       % of total rated a- (excellent) or better by a.m. best [1]                                          $3,261         84.0       %      $2,194         81.8       %
[1]   based on a.m. best ratings as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
to manage reinsurer credit risk, a reinsurance security review committee evaluates the credit standing, financial performance, management and operational quality of each potential reinsurer. in placing reinsurance, the company considers the nature of the risk reinsured, including the expected liability payout duration, and establishes limits tiered by reinsurer credit rating.
where its contracts permit, the company secures future claim obligations with various forms of collateral, including irrevocable letters of credit, secured trusts, funds held accounts and group wide offsets. as part of its reinsurance recoverable review, the company analyzes recent developments in commutation activity between reinsurers and cedants, recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes between cedants and reinsurers and the overall credit quality of the company's reinsurers. as indicated in the above table, excluding mandatory pools and structured settlements, 84.0% of the gross reinsurance recoverables due from reinsurers rated by a.m. best were rated a- (excellent) or better as of december 31, 2019.
annually, the company completes evaluations of the reinsurance recoverable asset associated with older, long-term casualty liabilities reported in the property & casualty other operations reporting segment, and the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance reported in the commercial lines reporting segment. for a discussion regarding the results of these evaluations, see md&a - critical accounting estimates, property and casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance.
group benefits reinsurance recoverables represent reserve for future policy benefits and unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses and other policyholder funds and benefits payable that are recoverable from a number of reinsurers.
group benefits reinsurance recoverables as of december 31,
paid loss and loss adjustment expenses               $6               $12
unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses            247               239
[1]   no allowance for uncollectible reinsurance was required as of december 31, 2019 and 2018.
guaranty funds and other insurance-related assessments as part of its risk management strategy, the company regularly monitors the financial strength of other insurers and, in particular, activity by insurance regulators and various state guaranty associations in the u.s. relating to troubled insurers. in all states, insurers licensed to transact certain classes of insurance are required to become members of a guaranty fund.
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, human error, or from external events.
sources of operational risk operational risk is inherent in the company's business and functional areas. operational risks include: compliance with laws and regulation, cybersecurity, business disruption, technology failure, inadequate execution or process management, reliance on model and data analytics, internal fraud, external fraud, third party dependency and attraction and retention of talent.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations impact operational risk can result in financial loss, disruption of our business, regulatory actions or damage to our reputation.
management responsibility for day-to-day management of operational risk lies within each business unit and functional area. erm provides an enterprise-wide view of the company's operational risk on an aggregate basis. erm is responsible for establishing, maintaining and communicating the framework, principles and guidelines of the company's operational risk management program. operational risk mitigation strategies include the following:
•   establishing policies and monitoring risk tolerances and exceptions;
•   conducting business risk assessments and implementing action plans where necessary;
•   validating existing crisis management protocols;
•   identifying and monitoring emerging risks; and
cybersecurity risk the hartford has implemented an information protection program with established governance routines that promote an adaptive approach for assessing and managing risks. the hartford employs a 'defense-in-depth' strategy that uses multiple security measures to protect the integrity of the company's information assets. this 'defense-in-depth' strategy aligns to the national institute of standards and technology ("nist") cyber security framework and provides preventative, detective and responsive measures that collectively protects the company. various cyber assurance methods, including security metrics, third party security assessments, external penetration testing, red team exercises, and cyber war game exercises are used to test the effectiveness of the overall cybersecurity control environment.
the hartford, like many other large financial services companies, blocks attempted cyber intrusions on a daily basis. in the event of a cyber intrusion, the company invokes its cyber incident response program (the "program") commensurate with the nature of the intrusion. while the actual methods employed differ based on the event, our approach uses internal teams and outside advisors with specialized skills to support the response and recovery efforts and requires elevation of issues, as necessary, to senior management. in addition, we have procedures to ensure timely notification of critical cybersecurity incidents pursuant to the program to help identify employees who may have material non-public information and to implement blackout restrictions on trading the company's securities during the investigation and assessment of such cybersecurity incidents.
from a governance perspective, senior members of our enterprise risk management, information protection and internal audit functions provide detailed, regular reports on cybersecurity matters to the board, including the finance, investment, and risk management committee (firmco), a committee comprised of all directors, which has principal responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity risk, and/or the audit committee, which oversees controls for the company's major risk exposures. the topics covered by these updates include the company's activities, policies and procedures to prevent, detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents, as well as lessons learned from cybersecurity incidents and internal and external testing of our cyber defenses.
financial risk financial risks include direct and indirect risks to the company's financial objectives from events that impact financial market conditions and the value of financial assets. some events may cause correlated movement in multiple risk factors. the primary sources of financial risks are the company's invested assets.
consistent with its risk appetite, the company establishes financial risk limits to control potential loss on a u.s. gaap, statutory, and economic basis. exposures are actively monitored and managed, with risks mitigated where appropriate. the company uses various risk management strategies, including limiting aggregation of risk, portfolio re-balancing and hedging with over-the-counter and exchange-traded derivatives with counterparties meeting the appropriate regulatory and due diligence requirements. derivatives are utilized to achieve one of four company-approved objectives: hedging risk arising from interest rate, equity market, commodity market, credit spread and issuer default, price or currency exchange rate risk or volatility; managing liquidity; controlling transaction costs; or entering into synthetic replication transactions. derivative activities are monitored and evaluated by the company's compliance and risk management teams and reviewed by senior management. the company identifies different categories of financial risk, including liquidity, credit, interest rate, equity and foreign currency exchange.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk to current or prospective earnings or capital arising from the company's inability or perceived inability to meet its contractual funding obligations as they come due.
sources of liquidity risk sources of liquidity risk include funding risk, company-specific liquidity risk and market liquidity risk resulting from differences in the amount and timing of sources and uses of cash as well as company-specific and general market conditions. stressed market conditions may impact the ability to sell assets or otherwise transact business and may result in a significant loss in value.
impact inadequate capital resources and liquidity could negatively affect the company's overall financial strength and its ability to generate cash flows from its businesses, borrow funds at competitive rates, and raise new capital to meet operating and growth needs.
management the company has defined ongoing monitoring and reporting requirements to assess liquidity across the enterprise under both current and stressed market conditions. the company measures and manages liquidity risk exposures and funding needs within prescribed limits across legal entities, taking into account legal, regulatory and operational limitations to the transferability liquidity. the company also monitors internal and external conditions, and identifies material risk changes and emerging risks that may impact operating cash flows or liquid assets. the liquidity requirements of the holding company have been and will continue to be met by the holding company's fixed maturities, short-term investments and cash, and dividends from its subsidiaries, principally its insurance operations, as well as the issuance of common stock, debt or part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations other capital securities and borrowings from its credit facilities as needed. the company maintains multiple sources of contingent liquidity including a revolving credit facility, a commercial paper program, an intercompany liquidity agreement that allows for short-term advances of funds among the hfsg holding company and certain affiliates, and access to collateralized advances from the federal home loan bank of boston ("fhlbb") for certain affiliates. the company's cfo has primary responsibility for liquidity risk.
for further discussion on liquidity see the section on capital resources and liquidity.
credit risk and counterparty risk credit risk is the risk to earnings or capital due to uncertainty of an obligor's or counterparty's ability or willingness to meet its obligations in accordance with contractually agreed upon terms. credit risk is comprised of three major factors: the risk of change in credit quality, or credit migration risk; the risk of default; and the risk of a change in value due to changes in credit spreads.
sources of credit risk the majority of the company's credit risk is concentrated in its investment holdings and use of derivatives, but it is also present in the company's ceded reinsurance activities and various insurance products.
impact a decline in creditworthiness is typically reflected as an increase in an investment's credit spread and associated decline in value, potentially resulting in an increase in other-than-temporary impairment, and an increased probability of a realized loss upon sale. in certain instances, counterparties may default on their obligations and the company may realize a loss on default. premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverable and deductible losses recoverable are also subject to credit risk based on the counterparty's unwillingness or inability to pay.
management the objective of the company's enterprise credit risk management strategy is to identify, quantify, and manage credit risk in aggregate and to limit potential losses in accordance with the company's credit risk management policy. the company manages its credit risk by managing aggregations of risk, holding a diversified mix of issuers and counterparties across its investment, reinsurance, and insurance portfolios and limiting exposure to any specific reinsurer or counterparty. potential credit losses can be mitigated through diversification (e.g., geographic regions, asset types, industry sectors), hedging and the use of collateral to reduce net credit exposure.
the company manages credit risk through the use of various analyses and governance processes. the investment, derivatives and reinsurance areas have formal policies and procedures for counterparty approvals and authorizations, which establish criteria defining minimum levels of creditworthiness and financial stability for eligible counterparties. credits considered for investment are subject to underwriting reviews and private securities are subject to management approval. mitigation strategies vary across the three sources of credit risk, but may include:
•   investing in a portfolio of high-quality and diverse securities;
•   selling investments subject to credit risk;
•   hedging through use of credit default swaps;
•   requiring collateral; and
the company has developed credit exposure thresholds which are based upon counterparty ratings. aggregate counterparty credit quality and exposure are monitored on a daily basis utilizing an enterprise-wide credit exposure information system that contains data on issuers, ratings, exposures, and credit limits. exposures are tracked on a current and potential basis and aggregated by ultimate parent of the counterparty across investments, reinsurance receivables, insurance products with credit risk, and derivatives.
as of december 31, 2019, the company had no investment exposure to any credit concentration risk of a single issuer or counterparty greater than 10% of the company's stockholders' equity, other than the u.s. government and certain u.s. government agencies. for further discussion of concentration of credit risk in the investment portfolio, see the concentration of credit risk section in note 6 - investments of notes to consolidated financial statements.
assets and liabilities subject to credit riskinvestments essentially all of the company's invested assets are subject to credit risk. credit related impairments on investments were $3 and $1, in 2019 and 2018, respectively. (see the enterprise risk management section of the md&a under "other-than-temporary impairments.")
reinsurance recoverables reinsurance recoverables, net of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, were $5,527 and $4,357, as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. (see the enterprise risk management section of the md&a under "reinsurance as a risk management strategy.")
premiums receivable and agents' balances premiums receivable and agents' balances, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, were $4,384 and $3,995, as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. (for a discussion regarding collectibility of these balances, see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements under the section labeled "revenue recognition.")
credit risk of derivatives the company uses various derivative counterparties in executing its derivative transactions. the use of counterparties creates credit risk that the counterparty may not perform in accordance with the terms of the derivative transaction.
downgrades to the credit ratings of the company's insurance operating companies may have adverse implications for its use of derivatives. in some cases, downgrades may give derivative
counterparties for otc derivatives and clearing brokers for otc-cleared derivatives the right to cancel and settle outstanding derivative trades or require additional collateral to be posted. in addition, downgrades may result in counterparties and clearing brokers becoming unwilling to engage in or clear additional derivatives or may require additional collateralization before entering into any new trades.
managing the credit risk of counterparties to derivative instruments the company also has derivative counterparty exposure policies which limit the company's exposure to credit risk. the company monitors counterparty exposure on a monthly basis to ensure compliance with company policies and statutory limitations. the company's policies with respect to derivative counterparty exposure establishes market-based credit limits, favors long-term financial stability and creditworthiness of the counterparty and typically requires credit enhancement/credit risk reducing agreements, which are monitored and evaluated by the company's risk management team and reviewed by senior management.
the company minimizes the credit risk of derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high quality counterparties primarily rated a or better. the company also generally requires that otc derivative contracts be governed by an international swaps and derivatives association ("isda") master agreement, which is structured by legal entity and by counterparty and permits right of offset. the company enters into credit support annexes in conjunction with the isda agreements, which require daily collateral settlement based upon agreed upon thresholds.
the company also has derivative counterparty exposure policies which limit the company's exposure to credit risk. credit exposures are generally quantified based on the prior business day's net fair value, including income accruals, of all derivative positions transacted with a single counterparty for each separate legal entity. the notional amount of derivative contracts represents the basis upon which pay or receive amounts are calculated and are not reflective of credit risk.  the company enters into collateral arrangements in connection with its derivatives positions and collateral is pledged to or held by, or on behalf of, the company to the extent the exposure is greater than zero, subject to minimum transfer thresholds or negotiated thresholds. in accordance with industry standards and the contractual requirements, collateral is typically settled on the same business day. for the year ended december 31, 2019, the company incurred no losses on derivative instruments due to counterparty default. for further discussion, see the derivative commitments section of note 14 - commitments and contingencies of notes to consolidated financial statements.
use of credit derivatives the company may also use credit default swaps to manage credit exposure or to assume credit risk to enhance yield.
credit risk reduced through credit derivatives the company uses credit derivatives to purchase credit protection with respect to a single entity or referenced index. the company purchases credit protection through credit default swaps to economically hedge and manage credit risk of certain fixed maturity investments across multiple sectors of the investment portfolio. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the notional amount related to credit derivatives that purchase credit protection was $124 and $6, respectively, while the fair value was $(3) and $0, respectively. these amounts do not include positions that are in offsetting relationships.
credit risk assumed through credit derivatives the company also enters into credit default swaps that assume credit risk as part of replication transactions. replication transactions are used as an economical means to synthetically replicate the characteristics and performance of assets that are permissible investments under the company's investment policies. these swaps reference investment grade single corporate issuers and indexes. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the notional amount related to credit derivatives that assume credit risk was $500 and $1.1 billion, respectively, while the fair value was $13 and $3, respectively. these amounts do not include positions that are in offsetting relationships.
for further information on credit derivatives, see note 7 - derivatives of notes to consolidated financial statements.
credit risk of business operations a portion of the company's commercial business is written with large deductible policies or retrospectively-rated plans. under some commercial insurance contracts with deductible features, the company is obligated to pay the claimant the full amount of the claim. the company is subsequently reimbursed by the contract holder for the deductible amount, and is subject to credit risk until such reimbursement is made. additionally, retrospectively rated policies are utilized primarily for workers compensation coverage, whereby the ultimate premium is determined based on actual loss activity. although the retrospectively rated feature of the policy substantially reduces insurance risk for the company, it does introduce credit risk to the company. the company's results of operations could be adversely affected if a significant portion of such contract holders failed to reimburse the company for the deductible amount or the retrospectively rated policyholders failed to pay additional premiums owed. while the company attempts to manage the risks discussed above through underwriting, credit analysis, collateral requirements, provision for bad debt, and other oversight mechanisms, the company's efforts may not be successful.
interest rate risk interest rate risk is the risk of financial loss due to adverse changes in the value of assets and liabilities arising from movements in interest rates. interest rate risk encompasses exposures with respect to changes in the level of interest rates, the shape of the term structure of rates and the volatility of interest rates. interest rate risk does not include exposure to changes in credit spreads.
sources of interest rate risk the company has exposure to interest rate risk arising from its fixed maturity investments, commercial mortgage loans, capital securities issued by the company and discount rate assumptions associated with the company's claim reserves and pension and other post retirement benefit obligations as well as from assets that support the company's pension and other post-retirement benefit plans.
impact changes in interest rates from current levels can have both favorable and unfavorable effects for the company.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations change in interest rates   favorable effects                                                                                       unfavorable effects ý                          additional net investment income due to reinvesting at higher yields                                    decrease in the fair value of the fixed income investment portfolio higher interest expense on variable rate debt obligations
þ                          increase in the fair value of the fixed income investment portfolio                                     lower net investment income due to reinvesting at lower investment yields acceleration in paydowns and prepayments or calls of certain mortgage-backed and municipal securities management the company manages its exposure to interest rate risk by constructing investment portfolios that seek to protect the firm from the economic impact associated with changes in interest rates by setting portfolio duration targets that are aligned with the duration of the liabilities that they support. the company analyzes interest rate risk using various models including parametric models and cash flow simulation under various market scenarios of the liabilities and their supporting investment portfolios. key metrics that the company uses to quantify its exposure to interest rate risk inherent in its invested assets and the associated liabilities include duration, convexity and key rate duration.
the company utilizes a variety of derivative instruments to mitigate interest rate risk associated with its investment portfolio or to hedge liabilities. interest rate caps, floors, swaps, swaptions, and futures may be used to manage portfolio duration. interest rate swaps are primarily used to convert interest receipts or payments to a fixed or variable rate. the use of such swaps enables the company to customize contract terms and conditions to desired objectives and manage the duration profile within established tolerances. interest rate swaps are also used to hedge the variability in the cash flows of a forecasted purchase or sale of fixed rate securities due to changes in interest rates. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, notional amounts pertaining to derivatives utilized to manage interest rate risk, including offsetting positions, totaled $11.4 billion and $10.5 billion, respectively primarily related to investments. the fair value of these derivatives was $(59) and $(61) as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
assets and liabilities subject to interest rate risk fixed income investments the fair value of fixed income investments, which include fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans, and short-term investments, was $49.3 billion and $43.7 billion at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the weighted average duration of the portfolio, including derivative instruments, was approximately 5.0 years and 4.7 years as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. changes in the fair value of fixed maturities due to changes in interest rates are reflected as a component of aoci.
long-term debt obligations the company's variable rate debt obligations will generally result in increased interest expense as a result of higher interest rates; the inverse is true during a declining interest rate environment. changes in the value of long-term debt as a result of changes in interest rates will impact the fair value of these instruments but not the carrying value in the company's consolidated balance sheets.group life and disability product liabilities the cash outflows associated with contracts issued by the company's group benefits segment, primarily group life and short and long-term disability policy liabilities, are not interest rate sensitive but vary based on timing. though the aggregate cash flow payment streams are relatively predictable, these products rely upon actuarial pricing assumptions (including mortality and morbidity) and have an element of cash flow uncertainty. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the company had $8,256 and $8,445, respectively of reserves for group life and disability contracts. changes in the value of the liabilities as a result of changes in interest rates will impact the fair value of these instruments but not the carrying value in the company's consolidated balance sheets.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations the company's pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations are exposed to interest rate risk based upon the sensitivity of present value obligations to changes in liability discount rates as well as the sensitivity of the fair value of investments in the plan portfolios to changes in interest rates. the discount rate assumption is based upon an interest rate yield curve that reflects high-quality fixed income investments consistent with the maturity profile of the expected liability cash flows. the company is exposed to the risk of having to make additional plan contributions if the plans' investment returns, including from investments in fixed maturities, are lower than expected. (for further discussion of discounting pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, refer to note 18 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements.) as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the company had $732 and $791, respectively, of unfunded liabilities for pension and post-retirement benefit obligations recorded within other liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets.
interest rate sensitivity group life and disability reserves and invested assets supporting them included in the following table is the before tax change in the net economic value of contracts issued by the company's group benefits segment, primarily group life and disability, for which fixed valuation discount rate assumptions are established based upon investment returns assumed in pricing, along with the corresponding invested assets. also included in this analysis are the interest rate sensitive derivatives used by the company to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk in the investment portfolios supporting these contracts. this analysis does not include the assets and corresponding liabilities of other insurance products such as automobile, property, workers' compensation and general liability insurance. certain financial instruments, such as limited partnerships and other alternative investments, have been omitted from the analysis as the interest rate sensitivity of these investments is generally lower and less predictable than fixed income investments. the calculation of the estimated hypothetical change in net economic value below assumes a 100 basis point upward and downward parallel shift in the yield curve.
the selection of the 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve was made only as an illustration of the potential hypothetical impact of such an event and should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. actual results could differ materially from those illustrated below due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis. the company's sensitivity analysis calculation assumes that the composition of invested assets and liabilities remain materially consistent throughout the year and that the current relationship between short-term and long-term interest rates will remain constant over time. as a result, these calculations may not fully capture the impact of portfolio re-allocations, significant product sales or non-parallel changes in interest rates.
interest rate sensitivity of group benefits short and long-term disability reserves and invested assets supporting them change in net economic value as of december 31,
increase (decrease) in economic value, before tax         $83         $(101       )           $47         $(68        )
the carrying value of assets supporting the liabilities related to the businesses included in the table above was $10.6 billion and $10.0 billion, as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and included fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans and short-term investments. the assets supporting the liabilities are monitored and managed within set duration guidelines and are evaluated on a daily basis, as well as annually, using scenario simulation techniques in compliance with regulatory requirements.
invested assets not supporting group life and disability reserves the following table provides an analysis showing the estimated before tax change in the fair value of the company's investments and related derivatives, excluding assets supporting group life and disability reserves which are included in the table above, assuming 100 basis point upward and downward parallel shifts in the yield curve as of december 31, 2019 and 2018. certain financial instruments, such as limited partnerships and other alternative investments, have been omitted from the analysis as the interest rate sensitivity of these investments is generally lower and less predictable than fixed income investments.
interest rate sensitivity of invested assets not supporting group benefits short and long-term disability reserves change in fair value as of december 31,
the carrying value of fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans and short-term investments related to the businesses included in the table above was $38.7 billion and $33.7 billion as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
long-term debt a 100 basis point parallel decrease in the yield curve would result in an increase in the fair value of long-term debt by $607 and $331 as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. a 100 basis point parallel increase in the yield curve would result in a decrease in the fair value of long-term debt by $499 and $279 as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. changes in the value of long-term debt as a result of changes in interest rates will not impact the carrying value in the company's consolidated balance sheets.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pension and other post-retirement plan obligations a 100 basis point parallel decrease in the yield curve would impact both the value of the underlying pension assets and the value of the liability, resulting in an increase in the unfunded liabilities for pension and other post-retirement plan obligations of $185 and $178 as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. a 100 basis point parallel increase in the yield curve would have the inverse effect and result in a decrease in the unfunded liabilities for pension and other post-retirement plan obligations of $138 and $134 as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. gains or losses due to changes in interest rates on the pension and post-retirement plan obligations are recorded within aoci and are amortized into the actuarial loss component of net periodic benefit cost when they exceed a threshold.
discontinuation of libor the company continues to monitor the potential impacts of the discontinuation of libor which is used as a benchmark or reference rate for certain investments and derivatives the company owns and floating rate debt the company has issued. the company has identified three principal types of outstanding contracts that may be affected by the discontinuation of or transition from libor to an alternative reference rate, including floating rate fixed maturity investments the company holds in its investment portfolio; derivative instruments that hedge interest rate risk; and two classes of junior subordinated debentures that the company has issued and are currently outstanding.
•   using our best estimate of expected future cash flows including prepayments and maturities, the book value of libor referenced floating rate fixed maturities that the company owns as of december 31, 2019 and that the company expects to be outstanding at the end of 2021, is approximately $2.7 billion. the company has performed a review of the libor replacement language on these assets and believes that greater than 80% have language that supports a transition to a new standard benchmark rate. the company will continue to assess the remaining holdings and work with counterparties, as appropriate, to determine libor replacement language or manage the assets in other ways, such as through asset sales.
•   the notional amount of derivative instruments as of december, 31, 2019 with a floating rate component that references libor that the company expects to be outstanding at the end of 2021, considering maturities, is $10.3 billion, with $10.1 billion being cleared through an exchange or clearinghouse. the company anticipates that substantially all existing derivatives referencing libor, whether or not cleared through an exchange or clearing house, will transition from libor to sofr or other market alternative rates in line with new market standards currently being developed.
•   the company has issued $1.1 billion of junior subordinated debentures that mature after 2021 with libor referenced floating interest rates. the company is assessing options to manage the risk associated with the transition away from libor related to these outstanding securities.
the uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of libor, including the timing of such transition, could reduce the value of some of our floating rate fixed maturity investments and increase the interest the company pays on the junior subordinated debentures.
there is also a risk that certain derivatives may no longer qualify for hedge accounting if reference rates change on derivative contracts but the reference interest rate of the instruments being hedged do not change in a substantially similar manner, particularly for cash flow hedges of floating rate investments the company owns and junior subordinated debentures the company has issued. the loss of hedge accounting could result in the recognition of gains or losses on derivatives in the income statement rather than in accumulated other comprehensive income. the fasb has proposed guidance that would allow companies to continue to apply hedge accounting in these instances for one year after year end 2021 when the u.k. financial conduct authority is expected to stop requiring financial institutions to publish libor rates. beyond the one year period ending 2022, there is uncertainty whether certain outstanding derivative contracts will continue to qualify for hedge accounting either because the replacement rate of the financial instrument being hedged is not sufficiently matched to the reference rate of the derivative contract or because replacement rate language for the hedged instrument has not been determined.
equity risk equity risk is the risk of financial loss due to changes in the value of global equities or equity indices.
sources of equity risk the company has exposure to equity risk from invested assets, assets that support the company's pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, and fee income derived from hartford funds assets under management. in addition, the company has equity exposure through its 9.7% ownership interest in the limited partnership, hopmeadow holdings lp, that owns the life and annuity business sold in 2018. for further information, see note 21 - business dispositions and discontinued operations of notes to consolidated financial statements.
impact the investment portfolio is exposed to losses from market declines affecting equity securities and derivatives, alternative assets and limited partnerships which could negatively impact the company's reported earnings. for assets supporting pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, the company may be required to make additional plan contributions if equity investments in the plan portfolios decline in value. hartford funds earnings are also significantly influenced by the u.s. and other equity markets. generally, declines in equity markets will reduce the value of assets under management and the amount of fee income generated from those assets. increases in equity markets will generally have the inverse impact.
management the company uses various approaches in managing its equity exposure, including limits on the proportion of assets invested in equities, diversification of the equity portfolio, and hedging of changes in equity indices. for assets supporting pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, the asset allocation mix is reviewed on a periodic basis. in order to minimize risk, the pension plans maintain a listing of permissible and prohibited investments and impose concentration limits and investment quality requirements on permissible investment options.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations assets and liabilities subject to equity risk investment portfolio the investment portfolio is exposed to losses from market declines affecting equity securities and derivatives, and certain alternative assets and limited partnerships. generally, declines in equity markets will reduce the value of these types of investments and could negatively impact the company's earnings while increases in equity will have the inverse impact. for equity securities, the changes in fair value are reported in net realized capital gains and losses. for alternative assets and limited partnerships, the company's share of earnings for the period is recorded in net investment income, though typically on a delay based on the availability of the underlying financial statements. for a discussion of equity sensitivity, see below.
assets supporting pension and other post-retirement benefit plans the company may be required to make additional plan contributions if equity investments in the plan portfolios decline in value. for a discussion of equity sensitivity, see below.
declines in value are recognized as unrealized losses in aoci. increases in equity markets are recognized as unrealized gains in aoci. unrealized gains and losses in aoci are amortized into the actuarial loss component of net periodic benefit cost when they exceed a threshold. for further discussion of equity risk associated with the pension plans, see note 18 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements.
assets under management assets under management in hartford funds may decrease in value during equity market declines, which would result in lower earnings because fee income is earned based upon the value of assets under management.
equity sensitivity investment portfolio and the assets supporting pension and other post-retirement benefit plans included in the following tables are the estimated before tax change in the economic value of the company's invested assets and assets supporting pension and other post-retirement benefit plans with sensitivity to equity risk. the calculation of the hypothetical change in economic value below assumes a 20% upward and downward shock to the standard & poor's 500 composite price index ("s&p 500"). for limited partnerships and other alternative investments, the movement in economic value is calculated using a beta analysis largely derived from historical experience relative to the s&p 500.
the selection of the 20% shock to the s&p 500 was made only as an illustration to the potential hypothetical impact of such an event and should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. actual results could differ materially from those illustrated below due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis. these calculations do not capture the impact of portfolio re-allocations.
as of december 31, 2019                               as of december 31, 2018
assets supporting pension and other post-retirement benefit plans   $1,372            $230              $(230       )     $1,226            $209              $(209       )
hartford funds assets under management hartford funds earnings are significantly influenced by the u.s. and other equity markets. if equity markets were to hypothetically decline 20% and remain depressed for one year, the estimated before tax impact on reported earnings for that one year period is $(50) as of december 31, 2019. the selection of the 20% shock to the s&p 500 was made only as an illustration to the potential hypothetical impact of such an event and should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. actual results could differ materially due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations foreign currency exchange risk foreign currency exchange risk is the risk of financial loss due to changes in the relative value between currencies.
sources of currency risk the company has foreign currency exchange risk in non-u.s. dollar denominated cash, fixed maturities, equities, and derivative instruments. in addition, the company has non-u.s. subsidiaries, some with functional currencies other than u.s. dollar, and which transact business in multiple currencies resulting in assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies.
impact changes in relative values between currencies can create variability in cash flows and realized or unrealized gains and losses on changes in the value of assets and liabilities. the impact on the fair value of fixed maturities, afs due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, in relation to functional currency, is reported in unrealized gains or losses as part of other comprehensive income. the realization of gains or losses resulting from investment sales or resulting from changes in investments that record fair value through the income statement due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates is reflected through net realized capital gains and losses.
in regards to insurance and reinsurance contracts that the company enters into for which we are obligated to pay losses in a foreign currency, the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on assets and liabilities related to these contracts is reflected through net realized capital gains and losses. these assets or liabilities include, but are not limited to, cash and cash equivalents, premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables, and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. additionally, the company translates the assets, liabilities, and income of non-u.s. dollar functional currency legal entities into u.s. dollar. this translation amount is reported as a component of other comprehensive income.
management the company manages its foreign currency exchange risk primarily through asset-liability matching and through the use of derivative instruments. however, legal entity capital is invested in local currencies in order to satisfy regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations. the foreign currency exposure of non-u.s. dollar denominated investments will most commonly be reduced through the sale of the assets or through hedges using foreign currency swaps and forwards.
assets and liabilities subject to foreign currency exchange risk investment portfolio the company is exposed to foreign exchange risk affecting non-u.s. dollar denominated cash, fixed maturities, equities and derivative instruments. changes in relative values between currencies can positively or negatively impact net realized capital gains and losses or unrealized gains (losses) as part of other comprehensive income.
assets supporting pension plan changes in relative values between currencies can positively or negatively impact unrealized gains and losses in aoci. unrealized gains and losses in aoci are amortized into the actuarial loss component of net periodic benefit cost when they exceed a threshold. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the company had pension plan assets of $83 and $68, respectively, of non-u.s. dollar investments in multiple currencies. these amounts are excluded from the sensitivity analysis below. insurance contract related assets and liabilities the company has non-u.s. dollar denominated insurance contracts and associated premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, that are exposed to foreign exchange risk. for contracts that are within u.s, dollar functional currency legal entities, changes in foreign currency exchange rates can positively or negatively impact net realized capital gains and losses. for contracts within non-u.s. dollar functional currency legal entities, changes in foreign currency exchange rates can positively or negatively impact other comprehensive income.
foreign currency sensitivity for the company's primary currencies that create foreign exchange risk, the following table provides the estimated impact of a hypothetical 10% unfavorable change in exchange rates. actual results could differ materially due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis. the amounts presented are in u.s. dollars and before-tax.
gbp                   cad   10% unfavorable change december 31, 2019
[1]   amount excludes currencies where the value of net assets in u.s. dollar equivalent is less than 1% of total net assets of the company.
financial risk on statutory capital statutory surplus amounts and rbc ratios may increase or decrease in any period depending upon a variety of factors and may be compounded in extreme scenarios or if multiple factors occur at the same time. in general, as equity market levels and interest rates decline, the amount and volatility of either our
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations actual or potential obligation, as well as the related statutory surplus and capital margin can be materially negatively affected, sometimes at a greater than linear rate. at times the impact of changes in certain market factors or a combination of multiple factors on rbc ratios can be counterintuitive. factors include:
•   a decrease in the value of certain fixed-income and equity securities in our investment portfolio, due in part to credit spreads widening or a decline in equity market levels, may result in a decrease in statutory surplus and rbc ratios.
•   decreases in the value of certain derivative instruments that do not get hedge accounting, may reduce statutory surplus and rbc ratios.
•   non-market factors can also impact the amount and volatility of either our actual or potential obligation, as well as the related statutory surplus and capital margin.
most of these factors are outside of the company's control. the company's financial strength and credit ratings are significantly influenced by the statutory surplus amounts and rbc ratios of our insurance company subsidiaries. in addition, rating agencies may implement changes to their internal models that have the effect of increasing or decreasing the amount of statutory capital we must hold in order to maintain our current ratings.
investment portfolio risk the following table presents the company's fixed maturities, afs, by credit quality. the credit ratings referenced throughout this section are based on availability and are generally the midpoint of the available ratings among moody's, s&p, and fitch. if no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used.
amortized cost        fair value     percent of total fair value       amortized cost        fair value     percent of total fair value united states government/government agencies        $5,478             $5,644                  13.4               %        $4,446             $4,430                  12.4               %
the fair value of fixed maturities, afs increased as compared to december 31, 2018, primarily due to the transfer in of assets related to the acquisition of navigators group as well as an increase in valuations due to lower interest rates and tighter credit spreads. fixed maturities, fvo, are not included in the preceding table. for further discussion on fvo securities, see note 5 - fair value measurements of notes to consolidated financial statements.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations securities by type december 31, 2019                                                                                                                               december 31, 2018
cost or amortized cost        gross unrealized gains       gross unrealized losses        fair value     percent of total fair value            cost or amortized cost        gross unrealized gains       gross unrealized losses        fair value     percent of total fair value asset-backed securities ("abs")
collateralized loan obligations ("clos")               2,186                             5                            (8         )       2,183                   5.2               %                   1,455                             2                           (20         )       1,437                   4.0               %
cmbs agency [1]                                             1,878                            43                            (7         )       1,914                   4.5               %                   1,447                            13                           (33         )       1,427                   4.0               %
capital goods                                          1,495                            72                            (9         )       1,558                   3.7               %                   1,132                             8                           (31         )       1,109                   3.1               %
financial services                                     3,977                           192                            (4         )       4,165                   9.9               %                   3,368                            17                           (99         )       3,286                   9.2               %
rmbs agency                                                 2,409                            57                            (1         )       2,465                   5.8               %                   1,508                             7                           (29         )       1,486                   4.2               %
non-agency                                             1,786                            17                            (2         )       1,801                   4.2               %                     933                             5                            (6         )         932                   2.6               %
[1]   includes securities with pools of loans issued by the small business administration which are backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government.
the fair value of afs securities increased as compared with december 31, 2018, primarily due to the transfer in of assets related to the acquisition of navigators group as well as an increase in valuations due to lower interest rates and tighter credit spreads.
european exposure while the european economy is showing signs of stabilization, structural challenges including elevated sovereign debt levels and demographic headwinds are expected to suppress economic growth in the region. political risk will likely remain elevated in europe during 2020 due to uncertainty surrounding brexit, increasing pressure on centrist governments in france and germany and ongoing concern over italian fiscal policy.  the company manages the credit risk associated with its european securities within the investment portfolio on an on-going basis using several processes which are supported by macroeconomic analysis and issuer credit analysis.
for additional details regarding the company's management of credit risk, see the credit risk section of this md&a.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as of december 31, 2019, the company's european investment exposure had an amortized cost of $3.0 billion and a fair value of $3.1 billion, or 6% of total invested assets; as of december 31, 2018, both the amortized cost and fair value totaled $2.5 billion. the investment exposure largely relates to corporate entities which are domiciled in or generate a significant portion of their revenue within the united kingdom, germany, switzerland, netherlands, and sweden. as of both december 31, 2019 and 2018, the weighted average credit quality of european investments was a-. entities domiciled in the united kingdom comprise the company's largest european exposure; as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the u.k. exposure totals less than
3% of total invested assets and largely relates to the industrial, sovereign, and financial services sectors and has an average credit rating of a-. the majority of the european investments are u.s. dollar-denominated. for a discussion of foreign currency risks, see the foreign currency exchange risk section of this md&a.
exposure to cmbs and rmbs as of december 31, 2019
aaa                                     aa                                      a                                    bbb                           bb and below                                  total amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value cmbs agency [1]                   $1,878             $1,914                  $-                 $-                  $-                 $-                  $-                 $-                  $-                 $-              $1,878             $1,914
rmbs agency                        2,386              2,441                                                          -                  -                   -                  -                   -                  -               2,409              2,465
non-agency                    1,215              1,226                 300                304                 257                257                  13                 13                   1                  1               1,786              1,801
exposure to cmbs and rmbs as of december 31, 2018
aaa                                     aa                                      a                                    bbb                           bb and below                                  total amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value cmbs agency [1]                   $1,447             $1,427                  $-                 $-                  $-                 $-                  $-                 $-                  $-                 $-              $1,447             $1,427
rmbs agency                        1,508              1,486                   -                  -                   -                  -                   -                  -                   -                  -               1,508              1,486
non-agency                      611                610                 167                167                 111                109                  33                 33                  11                 13                 933                932
[1]includes securities with pools of loans issued by the small business administration which are backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government.
the company also has exposure to commercial mortgage loans. these loans are collateralized by real estate properties that are diversified both geographically throughout the united states and by property type. these commercial loans are originated by the company as high quality whole loans, and the company may sell participation interests in one or more loans to third parties. a loan participation interest represents a pro-rata share in interest and principal payments generated by the participated loan, and the relationship between the company as loan originator, lead participant and servicer and the third party as a participant are
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations governed by a participation agreement.
as of december 31, 2019, commercial mortgage loans had an amortized cost of $4.2 billion and carrying value of $4.2 billion, with no valuation allowance. as of december 31, 2018, commercial mortgage loans had an amortized cost of $3.7 billion and carrying value of $3.7 billion with a valuation allowance of $1.
the company funded $840 of commercial mortgage loans with a weighted average loan-to-value ("ltv") ratio of 59% and a weighted average yield of 3.6% during the twelve months ended december 31, 2019. the company continues to originate commercial loans within primary markets, such as office, industrial and multi-family, focusing on loans with strong ltv ratios and high quality property collateral. there were no mortgage loans held for sale as of december 31, 2019 or december 31, 2018.
health care                1,360              1,454         a+                                          1,270              1,304         aa-
[1]   pre-refunded bonds are bonds for which an irrevocable trust containing sufficient u.s. treasury, agency, or other securities has been established to fund the remaining payments of principal and interest.
[2]   leasing revenue bonds are generally the obligations of a financing authority established by the municipality that leases facilities back to a municipality. the notes are typically secured by lease payments made by the municipality that is leasing the facilities financed by the issue. lease payments may be subject to annual appropriation by the municipality or the municipality may be obligated to appropriate general tax revenues to make lease payments.
as of both december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, the largest issuer concentrations were the new york dormitory authority, the new york city transitional finance authority, and the commonwealth of massachusetts, which each comprised less than 3% of the municipal bond portfolio and were primarily comprised of general obligation and revenue bonds. in total, municipal bonds make up 18% of the fair value of the company's investment portfolio. in light of changes in corporate income tax rates that began in 2018, the company has reduced its exposure to municipal bonds through maturities, asset sales and principal repayments.
limited partnerships and other alternative investments the following table presents the company's investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments which include hedge funds, real estate funds and private equity funds. real estate funds consist of investments primarily in real estate joint ventures and, to a lesser extent, equity funds. private equity funds primarily consist of investments in funds whose assets typically consist of a diversified pool of investments in small to mid-sized non-public businesses with high growth potential as well as limited exposure to public markets.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations limited partnerships and other alternative investments - net investment income year ended december 31,
[1]   consists of an insurer-owned life insurance policy which is invested in hedge funds and other investments.
available-for-sale securities - unrealized loss aging the total gross unrealized losses were $55 as of december 31, 2019, and have decreased $599 from december 31, 2018, primarily due to lower interest rates and tighter credit spreads. as of december 31, 2019, $50 of the gross unrealized losses were associated with securities depressed less than 20% of cost or amortized cost. the remaining $5 of gross unrealized losses were associated with securities depressed greater than 20%. the securities depressed more than 20% are primarily related to commercial real estate securities that were purchased at tighter credit spreads.
as part of the company's ongoing security monitoring process, the company has reviewed its afs securities in an unrealized loss position and concluded that these securities are temporarily depressed and are expected to recover in value as the securities approach maturity or as market spreads tighten. for these securities in an unrealized loss position where a credit impairment has not been recorded, the company's best estimate of expected future cash flows are sufficient to recover the amortized cost basis of the security. furthermore, the company neither has an intention to sell nor does it expect to be required to sell these securities. for further information regarding the company's impairment analysis, see other-than-temporary impairments in the investment portfolio risks and risk management section of this md&a.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations unrealized loss aging for afs securities continuously depressed over 20%
other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings by security type for the years ended december 31,
credit impairments cmbs                 -
equity impairments   -                 -                         6
for the year ended december 31, 2019, impairments recognized in earnings were comprised of credit impairments of $3 related to two corporate securities experiencing issuer-specific financial difficulties.
the company incorporates its best estimate of future performance using internal assumptions and judgments that are informed by economic and industry specific trends, as well as our expectations with respect to security specific developments.
non-credit impairments recognized in other comprehensive income were $3 for the year-ended december 31, 2019.
future impairments may develop as the result of changes in intent-to-sell specific securities that are in an unrealized loss position or if modeling assumptions, such as macroeconomic factors or security specific developments, change unfavorably from our current modeling assumptions, resulting in lower cash flow expectations.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, impairments recognized in earnings were comprised of credit impairments of $1 related to cmbs interest-only securities and were identified through security specific review of the expected future cash flows.
capital resources and liquidity the following section discusses the overall financial strength of the hartford and its insurance operations including their ability to generate cash flows from each of their business segments, borrow funds at competitive rates and raise new capital to meet operating and growth needs over the next twelve months.
summary of capital resources and liquidity capital available to the holding company as of december 31, 2019:
•   $1.2 billion in fixed maturities, short-term investments, and cash at the hartford financial services group, inc. ("hfsg holding company").
•   a senior unsecured five-year revolving credit facility that provides for borrowing capacity up to $750 of unsecured credit through march 29, 2023. no borrowings were outstanding and $5 in letters of credit were issued as of december 31, 2019.
•   borrowings available under a commercial paper program to a maximum of $750. as of december 31, 2019, there was no commercial paper outstanding.
•   an intercompany liquidity agreement that allows for short-term advances of funds among hfsg holding company and certain affiliates of up to $2.0 billion for liquidity and other general corporate purposes.
2020 expected dividends and other sources of capital:
•   p&amp;c - the company's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have dividend capacity of $1.6 billion for 2020, with $850 to $900 of net dividends expected in 2020.
•   group benefits - hla has dividend capacity of $534 in 2020 with $300 to $350 of dividends expected in 2020.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•   cash tax receipts of approximately $520 to $540, including realization of net operating losses and amt credits.
expected liquidity requirements for the next twelve months as of december 31, 2019:
•   $500 maturing debt payment in march of 2020.
•   $235 of interest on debt.
•   $21 dividends on preferred stock, subject to the discretion of the board of directors.
•   $465 of common stockholders' dividends, subject to the discretion of the board of directors and before share repurchases.
authorization for equity repurchases of up to $1.0 billion effective through december 31, 2020. under the program the company repurchased 3.4 million shares during the period from january 1, 2019 to december 31, 2019 for $200 with $800 of authorization remaining as of december 31, 2019.
liquidity requirements and sources of capital the hartford financial services group, inc. ("hfsg holding company")
the liquidity requirements of the holding company of the hartford financial services group, inc. have been and will continue to be met by hfsg holding company's fixed maturities; short-term investments and cash; dividends, principally from its subsidiaries; and tax receipts, including realization of net operating losses and refunds of prior period amt credits available to the hfsg holding company. in addition, hfsg holding company can meet its liquidity requirements through the issuance of common stock, debt or other capital securities and borrowings from its credit facilities, as needed.
during the second half of 2019, approximately $115 of capital was contributed by hfsg holding company to its lloyd's corporate member and an additional contribution of approximately $30 is expected to be made in march 2020. it is expected that the amount of letters of credit under the lloyd's letter of credit facility permitted to support lloyd's capital requirements will be reduced by the end of 2020, which will require the company to seek alternative means of supporting its obligations at lloyd's, including utilizing hfsg holding company resources.
debt on january 15, 2019, the hartford repaid at maturity the $413 principal amount of its 6.0% senior notes.
in the navigators group acquisition, the company assumed $265 par value 5.75% senior notes due on october 15, 2023 with a fair value of $284 as of the acquisition date.
on august 19, 2019, the hartford issued $600 of 2.8% senior notes ("2.8% notes") due august 19, 2029 and $800 of 3.6% senior notes ("3.6% notes") due august 19, 2049 for net proceeds of approximately $1.38 billion, after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses. under both senior note issuances, interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on august 19 and february 19, commencing february 19, 2020.
after receiving proceeds from the issuance of the 2.8% notes and 3.6% notes, in third quarter 2019, the hartford repaid $265 of 5.75% senior notes due 2023 that had been assumed in the navigators group acquisition and $800 of 5.125% senior notes due 2022 of the hartford financial services group, inc., and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $90 before tax. the balance of the proceeds was used for general corporate purposes.
for additional information on debt, see note 13 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
equity under a $1.0 billion share repurchase authorization by the board of directors in february, 2019, during the year ended december 31, 2019, the company repurchased 3.4 million common shares for $200. during the period from january 1, 2020 to february 19, 2020, the company repurchased approximately 1.4 million common shares for $82 under this authorization.  any repurchase of shares under the equity repurchase program is dependent on market conditions and other factors.
for further information about equity repurchases, see part ii - item 5. market for the hartford's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities.
in 2018, the company issued preferred stock and used the net proceeds from the offering to help fund repayment of the company's 6.000% senior notes due january 15, 2019.
for further information regarding preferred stock, see note 15 - equity of notes to consolidated financial statements.
dividends the hartford's board of directors declared the following quarterly dividends since october 1, 2019:
for a discussion of restrictions on dividends to hfsg holding company from its insurance subsidiaries, see "dividends from insurance subsidiaries" below. for a discussion of potential
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations limitations on the hfsg holding company's ability to pay dividends, see part i, item 1a, - risk factors for the risk factor "our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to limitations".
pension plans and other postretirement benefits while the company has significant discretion in making voluntary contributions to the u. s. qualified defined benefit pension plan, minimum contributions are mandated in certain circumstances pursuant to the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended by the pension protection act of 2006, the worker, retiree, and employer recovery act of 2008, the preservation of access to care for medicare beneficiaries and pension relief act of 2010, the moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act of 2012 (map-21) and internal revenue code regulations. the company made contributions to the u. s. qualified defined benefit pension plan of approximately $70, $101 and $280 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. no contributions were made to the other postretirement plans in 2019, 2018 and 2017. the company's 2019, 2018 and 2017 required minimum funding contributions were immaterial. the company does not have a 2020 required minimum funding contribution for the u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plan and the funding requirements for all pension plans are expected to be immaterial. the company has not determined whether, and to what extent, contributions may be made to the u. s. qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2020. the company will monitor the funded status of the u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plan during 2020 to make this determination.
beginning in 2017, the company began to use a full yield-curve approach in the estimation of the interest cost component of net periodic benefit costs for its qualified and non-qualified pension plans and the postretirement benefit plan. the full yield curve approach applies the specific spot rates along the yield curve that are used in its determination of the projected benefit obligation at the beginning of the year. the change was made to provide a better estimate of the interest cost component of net periodic benefit cost by better aligning projected benefit cash flows with corresponding spot rates on the yield curve rather than using a single weighted average discount rate derived from the yield curve as had been done historically.
the company accounted for this change as a change in estimate, and accordingly, recognized the effect prospectively beginning in 2017. for further discussion on full yield curve approach, see part 2, item 7, md&a - pension plans and other postretirement in the hartford's 2018 form 10-k annual report.
on june 30, 2017, the company purchased a group annuity contract to transfer approximately $1.6 billion of the company's outstanding pension benefit obligations related to certain u.s. retirees, terminated vested participants, and beneficiaries. as a result of this transaction, in the second quarter of 2017, the company recognized a pre-tax settlement charge of $750 ($488 net of tax) and a reduction to stockholders' equity of $144.
in connection with this transaction, the company made a contribution of $280 in september 2017 to the u.s. qualified pension plan in order to maintain the plan's pre-transaction funded status.
dividends from subsidiaries dividends to hfsg holding company from its insurance subsidiaries are restricted by insurance regulation. upon the acquisition of navigators group, the company's principal insurance subsidiaries are domiciled in the united states, the united kingdom and belgium.
the payment of dividends by connecticut-domiciled insurers is limited under the insurance holding company laws of connecticut. these laws require notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner for the declaration or payment of any dividend, which, together with other dividends or distributions made within the preceding twelve months, exceeds the greater of (i) 10% of the insurer's statutory policyholder surplus as of december 31 of the preceding year or (ii) net income (or net gain from operations, if such company is a life insurance company) for the twelve-month period ending on the thirty-first day of december last preceding, in each case determined under statutory insurance accounting principles. in addition, if any dividend of a connecticut-domiciled insurer exceeds the insurer's earned surplus, it requires the prior approval of the connecticut insurance commissioner.
property casualty insurers domiciled in new york, including navigators insurance company ("nic") and navigators specialty insurance company ("nsic"), generally may not, without notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner, pay dividends out of earned surplus in any twelve‐month period that exceeds the lesser of (i) 10% of the insurer's statutory policyholders' surplus as of the most recent financial statement on file, or (ii) 100% of its adjusted net investment income, as defined, for the same twelve month period. as part of the new york state insurance commissioner's approval of the navigators group acquisition, and as is common practice, any dividend from nic and nsic before may 2021 will require prior approval from the state insurance commissioner.
the insurance holding company laws of the other jurisdictions in which the hartford's insurance subsidiaries are incorporated (or deemed commercially domiciled) generally contain similar (although in certain instances more restrictive) limitations on the payment of dividends. in addition to statutory limitations on paying dividends, the company also takes other items into consideration when determining dividends from subsidiaries. these considerations include, but are not limited to, expected earnings and capitalization of the subsidiaries, regulatory capital requirements and liquidity requirements of the individual operating company.
corporate members of lloyd's syndicates may pay dividends to its parent to the extent of available profits that have been distributed from the syndicate in excess of the funds at lloyd's ("fal") capital requirement. the fal is determined based on the syndicate's solvency capital requirement under the e.u.'s solvency ii capital adequacy model, plus a lloyd's specific economic capital assessment.
insurers domiciled in the united kingdom may pay dividends to its parent out of its statutory profits subject to restrictions imposed under u.k. company law and european insurance regulation (solvency ii). belgium domiciled insurers may only pay dividends if, at the end of its previous fiscal year, the total amount of its assets, as reduced by its provisions and debts, are in excess of certain minimum capital thresholds calculated under belgian law.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in 2019, hfsg holding company received $300 of dividends from hla, $116 from hartford funds and $3 from a run-off hfsg subsidiary. in addition, hfsg holding company received $50 of ordinary p&c dividends that were subsequently contributed to a run-off p&c subsidiary. excluding the dividends that were subsequently contributed to a p&c subsidiary, there were no net dividends paid by p&c subsidiaries to hfsg holding company in 2019.
other sources of capital for the hfsg holding company the hartford endeavors to maintain a capital structure that provides financial and operational flexibility to its insurance subsidiaries, ratings that support its competitive position in the financial services marketplace (see the "ratings" section below for further discussion), and stockholder returns. as a result, the company may from time to time raise capital from the issuance of debt, common equity, preferred stock, equity-related debt or other capital securities and is continuously evaluating strategic opportunities. the issuance of debt, common equity, equity-related debt or other capital securities could result in the dilution of stockholder interests or reduced net income due to additional interest expense.
shelf registrations the hartford filed an automatic shelf registration statement with the securities and exchange commission ("the sec") on may 17, 2019 that permits it to offer and sell debt and equity securities during the three-year life of the registration statement.
for further information regarding shelf registrations, see note 13 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
revolving credit facilities the company has a senior unsecured five-year revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") that provides up to $750 million of unsecured credit through march 29, 2023. as of december 31, 2019, no borrowings were outstanding and $5 in letters of credit were issued under the credit facility and the company was in compliance with all financial covenants.
commercial paper as of december 31, 2019, the hartford's maximum borrowings available under its commercial paper program is $750 and there was no commercial paper outstanding.
intercompany liquidity agreements the company has $2.0 billion available under an intercompany liquidity agreement that allows for short-term advances of funds among hfsg holding company and certain affiliates of up to $2.0 billion for liquidity and other general corporate purposes. the connecticut department of insurance ("ctdoi") granted approval for certain affiliated insurance companies that are parties to the agreement to treat receivables from a parent, including hfsg holding company, as admitted assets for statutory accounting purposes.
as of december 31, 2019, there were no amounts outstanding at hfsg holding company.
collateralized advances with federal home loan bank of boston the company's subsidiaries, hartford fire insurance company ("hartford fire") and hla, are members of the federal home loan bank of boston ("fhlbb"). membership allows these subsidiaries access to collateralized advances, which may be short- or long-term with fixed or variable rates. advances may be used to support general corporate purposes, which would be presented as short- or long-term debt, or to earn incremental investment income, which would be presented in other liabilities consistent with other collateralized financing transactions. as of december 31, 2019, there were no advances outstanding.
for further information regarding the company's ability to access collateralized advances with federal home loan bank of boston, see note 13 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
lloyd's letter of credit facilities as a result of the acquisition of navigators group, the hartford has two letter of credit facility agreements: the club facility and the bilateral facility, which are used to provide a portion of the capital requirements at lloyd's. as of december 31, 2019, uncollateralized letters of credit with an aggregate face amount of $165 and £60 million were outstanding under the club facility and £18 million was outstanding under the bilateral facility. as of december 31, 2019, the bilateral facility has unused capacity of $1 for issuance of additional letters of credit. among other covenants, the club facility and bilateral facility contain financial covenants regarding tangible net worth and fal. as of december 31, 2019, navigators group was in compliance with all financial covenants. in november of 2019, the company issued £11 million of letters of credit under the bilateral facility.
derivative commitments certain of the company's derivative agreements contain provisions that are tied to the financial strength ratings, as set by nationally recognized statistical agencies, of the individual legal entity that entered into the derivative agreement. if the legal entity's financial strength were to fall below certain ratings, the counterparties to the derivative agreements could demand immediate and ongoing full collateralization and in certain instances enable the counterparties to terminate the agreements and demand immediate settlement of all outstanding derivative positions traded under each impacted bilateral agreement. the settlement amount is determined by netting the derivative positions transacted under each agreement. if the termination rights were to be exercised by the counterparties, it could impact the legal entity's ability to conduct hedging activities by increasing the associated costs and decreasing the willingness of counterparties to transact with the legal entity. the aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position as of december 31, 2019 was $81. for this $81, the legal entities have posted collateral of $77, in the normal course of business. based on derivative market values as of december 31, 2019, a downgrade of one level below the current financial strength ratings by either moody's or s&p would not require additional assets to be posted as collateral. based on derivative market values as of december 31, 2019, a downgrade of two levels below the current financial strength ratings by either moody's or s&p would require an additional $5 of assets to be posted as collateral. these collateral amounts could change as derivative market values change, as a result of changes in our hedging activities or to the extent changes in contractual terms are negotiated. the nature of the additional collateral that we would post, if required,
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations would be primarily in the form of u.s. treasury bills, u.s. treasury notes and government agency securities.
as of december 31, 2019, no derivative positions would be subject to immediate termination in the event of a downgrade of one level below the current financial strength ratings. this could change as a result of changes in our hedging activities or to the extent changes in contractual terms are negotiated.
insurance operations while subject to variability period to period, underwriting and investment cash flows continue to be within historical norms and, therefore, the company's insurance operations' current liquidity position is considered to be sufficient to meet anticipated demands over the next twelve months. for a discussion and tabular presentation of the company's current contractual obligations by period, refer to off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations within the capital resources and liquidity section of the md&a.
the principal sources of operating funds are premiums, fees earned from assets under management and investment income, while investing cash flows primarily originate from maturities and sales of invested assets. the primary uses of funds are to pay claims, claim adjustment expenses, commissions and other underwriting and insurance operating costs, to pay taxes, to purchase new investments and to make dividend payments to the hfsg holding company.
the company's insurance operations consist of property and casualty insurance products (collectively referred to as "property & casualty operations") and group benefits.
the company's insurance operations hold fixed maturity securities including a significant short-term investment position (securities with maturities of one year or less at the time of purchase) to meet liquidity needs. liquidity requirements that are unable to be funded by the company's insurance operations' short-term investments would be satisfied with current operating funds, including premiums or investing cash flows, which includes proceeds received through the sale of invested assets. a sale of invested assets could result in significant realized capital losses.
the following tables represent the fixed maturity holdings, including the aforementioned cash and short-term investments available to meet liquidity needs, for each of the company's insurance operations.
property & casualty as of december 31, 2019
less: derivative collateral              68
group benefits operations as of december 31, 2019
less: derivative collateral              25
off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations the company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources of the company, except for unfunded commitments to purchase investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments, private placements, and mortgage loans as disclosed in note 14 - commitments and contingencies of notes to consolidated financial statements.
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations aggregate contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019
operating lease obligations [3]                              285                  53                  85               64                   83
[1]   the following points are significant to understanding the cash flows estimated for obligations (gross of reinsurance) under property and casualty contracts:
•   reserves for property &amp; casualty unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses include ibnr and case reserves. while payments due on claim reserves are considered contractual obligations because they relate to insurance policies issued by the company, the ultimate amount to be paid to settle both case reserves and ibnr is an estimate, subject to significant uncertainty. the actual amount to be paid is not finally determined until the company reaches a settlement with the claimant. final claim settlements may vary significantly from the present estimates, particularly since many claims will not be settled until well into the future.
•   in estimating the timing of future payments by year, the company has assumed that its historical payment patterns will continue. however, the actual timing of future payments could vary materially from these estimates due to, among other things, changes in claim reporting and payment patterns and large unanticipated settlements. in particular, there is significant uncertainty over the claim payment patterns of asbestos and environmental claims. in addition, the table does not include future cash flows related to the receipt of premiums that may be used, in part, to fund loss payments.
•   under u.s. gaap, the company is only permitted to discount reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses in cases where the payment pattern and ultimate loss costs are fixed and determinable on an individual claim basis. for the company, these include claim settlements with permanently disabled claimants. as of december 31, 2019, the total property and casualty reserves in the above table are gross of a reserve discount of $388.
•   amounts shown do not consider $5.3 billion of reinsurance and other recoverables the company expects to collect related to property and casualty obligations.
[2]   estimated group life and disability obligations are based on assumptions comparable with the company's historical experience, modified for recent observed trends. due to the significance of the assumptions used, the amounts presented could materially differ from actual results. as of december 31, 2019, the total group life and disability obligations in the above table are gross of a reserve discount of $1.4 billion.
[3]   includes undiscounted lease payments on operating lease agreements, including leases that have not yet commenced. see note 20 - leases of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion on lease commitments.
[4]   includes contractual principal and interest payments. see note 13 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of long-term debt obligations.
[5]   includes $1.3 billion in commitments to purchase investments including approximately $852 of limited partnership and other alternative investments, $191 of private debt and equity securities, and $215 of mortgage loans. of the $1.3 billion in commitments to purchase investments, $130 are related to mortgage loan commitments which the company can cancel unconditionally. outstanding commitments under these limited partnerships and mortgage loans are included in payments due in less than 1 year since the timing of funding these commitments cannot be reliably estimated. the remaining commitments to purchase investments primarily represent payables for securities purchased which are reflected on the company's consolidated balance sheets. also included in purchase obligations is $581 relating to contractual commitments to purchase various goods and services such as maintenance, human resources, and information technology in the normal course of business. purchase obligations exclude contracts that are cancelable without penalty or contracts that do not specify minimum levels of goods or services to be purchased.
[6]   includes cash collateral of $16 which the company has accepted in connection with the company's derivative instruments. since the timing of the return of the collateral is uncertain, the return of the collateral has been included in the payments due in less than 1 year.
capitalization capital structure december 31, 2019       december 31, 2018       change short-term debt (includes current maturities of long-term debt)            $500                    $413             21     %
common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci, net of tax                  15,884                  14,346             11     %
aoci, net of tax                                                             52                  (1,579       )   (103    %)
total capitalization                                                    $21,118                 $17,779             19     %
debt to capitalization                                                       23       %              26       %
total capitalization increased $3,339, or 19%, as of december 31, 2019 compared with december 31, 2018 primarily due an increase in aoci and net income in excess of stockholders dividends.
for additional information on aoci, net of tax, including unrealized capital gains from securities, see note 17 - changes in and reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), and note 6 - investments. for additional
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations information on debt, see note 13 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
net cash provided by operating activities      $3,489          $2,843          $2,186
cash and restricted cash- end of year            $262            $121            $180
[1] cash activities in 2018 and 2017 include cash flows from discontinued operations; see note 21 - business dispositions and discontinued operations of notes to consolidated financial statements for information on cash flows from discontinued operations.
net cash provided by operating activities increased in 2019 as compared to the prior year period, primarily due to an increase in premiums received in excess of losses and expenses paid, including the effect of the navigators group acquisition, and an amt refund of $421, partially offset by the fact that the 2018 period included operating cash flows of the life and annuity business sold in 2018.
net cash used for investing activities increased primarily due to a change from net proceeds to net payments for fixed maturities in the 2019 period, as well as cash paid for the acquisition of navigators group of $1.9 billion (net of cash acquired), partially offset by net proceeds from short term investments, equity securities at fair value and derivatives in 2019 as opposed to net payments in the 2018 period. further contributing to the increase in net cash used from investing activities were proceeds in 2018 from the sale of the life and annuity business.
net cash used for financing activities decreased from the 2018 period primarily due to a decrease in cash used for net securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase and an increase in proceeds from issuance of debt, partially offset by an increase in repayments of debt in 2019, an increase in treasury stock acquired in 2019, and a decrease in net payments for deposits, transfers and withdrawals for investments and universal life products due to the sale of the life and annuity business in 2018.
operating cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2019 have been adequate to meet liquidity requirements.
equity markets for a discussion of the potential impact of the equity markets on capital and liquidity, see the financial risk on statutory capital and liquidity risk section in this md&a.
ratings ratings are an important factor in establishing a competitive position in the insurance marketplace and impact the company's ability to access financing and its cost of borrowing. there can be no assurance that the company's ratings will continue for any given period of time, or that they will not be changed. in the event the company's ratings are downgraded, the company's competitive position, ability to access financing, and its cost of borrowing, may be adversely impacted.
on april 15, 2019, standards & poor's ("s&p") raised its issuer credit and financial strength ratings on hla to a+ from a. the upgrade of hla's ratings reflects s&p's improved view of the company's group benefits business, which they consider core to the company, under their group rating methodology criteria.
on august 30, 2019, am best raised its financial strength rating on navigators insurance company ("nic") to a+ from a. the upgrade reflects the support provided by the hartford, as well as the importance it will play within the overall hartford organization, following its acquisition in may 2019.
insurance financial strength ratings as of february 19, 2020
the hartford financial services group, inc.:
these ratings are not a recommendation to buy or hold any of the hartford's securities and they may be revised or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of the rating organization.
the agencies consider many factors in determining the final rating of an insurance company. one consideration is the relative level of statutory capital and surplus (referred to collectively as "statutory capital") necessary to support the business written and is reported in accordance with accounting practices prescribed by the applicable state insurance department. see part i, item 1a. risk factors - "downgrades in our financial strength or credit ratings may make our products less attractive, increase our cost of capital and inhibit our ability to refinance our debt."
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations statutory capital u.s. statutory capital rollforward for the company's insurance subsidiaries property and casualty insurance subsidiaries [1] [2]       group benefits insurance subsidiary                         total u.s. statutory capital at january 1, 2019                                    $8,440                                          $2,407                           $10,847
net change to u.s. statutory capital                                          1,768                                             237                             2,005
u.s. statutory capital at december 31, 2019                                 $10,208                                          $2,644                           $12,852
[1]   the statutory capital for property and casualty insurance subsidiaries in this table does not include the value of an intercompany note owed by hartford holdings, inc. ("hhi") to hartford fire insurance company. excluding the dividends that were subsequently contributed to a p&amp;c subsidiary, there were no net dividends paid by p&amp;c subsidiaries to hfsg holding company in 2019.
[2]   excludes insurance operations in the u.k. and continental europe. though the business was not acquired until may 23, 2019, this table includes statutory capital and surplus of navigators u.s. insurance subsidiaries as of both january 1, 2019 and december 31, 2019.
stat to gaap differences significant differences between u.s. gaap stockholders' equity and aggregate statutory capital prepared in accordance with u.s. stat include the following:
•   u.s. stat excludes equity of non-insurance and foreign insurance subsidiaries not held by u.s. insurance subsidiaries.
•   costs incurred by the company to acquire insurance policies are deferred under u.s. gaap while those costs are expensed immediately under u.s. stat.
•   temporary differences between the book and tax basis of an asset or liability which are recorded as deferred tax assets are evaluated for recoverability under u.s. gaap while these amounts are then subject to further admissibility tests under u.s. stat.
•   the assumptions used in the determination of group benefits reserves (i.e. for group benefits contracts) are prescribed under u.s. stat, while the assumptions used under u.s. gaap are generally the company's best estimates.
•   the difference between the amortized cost and fair value of fixed maturity and other investments, net of tax, is recorded as an increase or decrease to the carrying value of the related asset and to equity under u.s. gaap, while u.s. stat only records certain securities at fair value, such as equity securities and certain lower rated bonds required by the naic to be recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value.
•   u.s. stat for life insurance companies like hla establishes a formula reserve for realized and unrealized losses due to default and equity risks associated with certain invested assets (the asset valuation reserve), while u.s. gaap does not. also, for those realized gains and losses caused by changes in interest rates, u.s. stat for life insurance companies defers and amortizes the gains and losses, caused by changes in interest rates, into income over the original life to maturity of the asset sold (the interest maintenance reserve) while u.s. gaap does not.
•   goodwill arising from the acquisition of a business is tested for recoverability on an annual basis (or more frequently, as necessary) for u.s. gaap, while under u.s. stat goodwill is amortized over a period not to exceed 10 years and the amount of goodwill admitted as an asset is limited.
in addition, certain assets, including a portion of premiums receivable and fixed assets, are non-admitted (recorded at zero value and charged against surplus) under u.s. stat. u.s. gaap generally evaluates assets based on their recoverability.
risk-based capital the company's u.s. insurance companies' states of domicile impose rbc requirements. the requirements provide a means of measuring the minimum amount of statutory capital appropriate for an insurance company to support its overall business operations based on its size and risk profile. companies below specific trigger points or ratios are classified within certain levels, each of which requires specified corrective action. all of the company's u.s. operating insurance subsidiaries had rbc ratios in excess of the minimum levels required by the applicable insurance regulations.
similar to the rbc ratios that are employed by u.s. insurance regulators, regulatory authorities in the international jurisdictions in which the company operates generally establish minimum solvency requirements for insurance companies. all of the company's international insurance subsidiaries have capital levels in excess of the minimum levels required by the applicable regulatory authorities.
sensitivity in any particular year, statutory capital amounts and rbc ratios may increase or decrease depending upon a variety of factors. the amount of change in the statutory capital or rbc ratios can vary based on individual factors and may be compounded in extreme scenarios or if multiple factors occur at the same time. at times the impact of changes in certain market factors or a combination of multiple factors on rbc ratios can be counterintuitive. for further discussion on these factors, see md&a - enterprise risk management, financial risk on statutory capital.
statutory capital at the insurance subsidiaries has been
part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations maintained at capital levels commensurate with the company's desired ratings from rating agencies. statutory capital generated by the insurance subsidiaries in excess of the capital level required to meet desired ratings is available for use by the enterprise or for corporate purposes. the amount of statutory capital can increase or decrease depending on a number of factors affecting insurance results including, among other factors, the level of catastrophe claims incurred, the amount of reserve development, the effect of changes in interest rates on investment income and the discounting of loss reserves, and the effect of realized gains and losses on investments.
contingencies legal proceedings for a discussion regarding contingencies related to the hartford's legal proceedings, please see the information contained under "litigation" and "asbestos and environmental claims," in note 14 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements and part i, item 3 legal proceedings, which are incorporated herein by reference.
legislative and regulatory developments patient protection and affordable care act of 2010 (the "affordable care act") it is unclear whether the administration, congress or the courts will seek to reverse, amend or alter the ongoing operation of the affordable care act ("aca"). if such actions were to occur, they may have an impact on various aspects of our business, including our insurance businesses. it is unclear what an amended aca would entail, and to what extent there may be a transition period for the phase out of the aca. the impact to the hartford as an employer would be consistent with other large employers. the hartford's core business does not involve the issuance of health insurance, and we have not observed any material impacts on the company's workers' compensation business or group benefits business from the enactment of the aca. we will continue to monitor the impact of the aca and any reforms on consumer, broker and medical provider behavior for leading indicators of changes in medical costs or loss payments primarily on the company's workers' compensation and disability liabilities.
tax reform at the end of 2017, congress passed and the president signed, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tax reform"), which enacted significant reforms to the u.s. tax code. the major areas of interest to the company included the reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% and the repeal of the corporate alternative minimum tax (amt) and the refunding of amt credits. the u.s. treasury and irs continue to develop guidance implementing tax reform, and congress may consider additional technical corrections to the law. tax proposals and regulatory initiatives which have been or are being considered by congress and/or the u.s. treasury department could have a material effect on the company and its insurance businesses. the nature and timing of any congressional or regulatory action with respect to any such efforts is unclear. for additional information on risks to the company related to tax reform, please see the risk factor entitled "changes in federal or state tax laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity" under "risk factors" in part i.
guaranty fund and other insurance-related assessments for a discussion regarding guaranty fund and other insurance-related assessments, see note 14 - commitments and contingencies of notes to consolidated financial statements.
impact of new accounting standards for a discussion of accounting standards, see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements.