the timing, length and severity of the up-and-down cycles in the industries in which we serve are difficult to predict. the historically cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry in which we primarily operate is largely a function of our customers' capital spending patterns and need for expanded manufacturing capacity, which in turn are affected by factors such as capacity utilization, consumer demand for products, inventory levels and our customers' access to capital. cyclicality affects our ability to accurately predict future revenue and, in some cases, future expense levels. during down cycles in our industry, the financial results of our customers may be negatively impacted, which could result not only in a decrease in, or cancellation or delay of, orders (which are generally subject to cancellation or delay by the customer with limited or no penalty) but also a weakening of their financial condition that could impair their ability to pay for our products or our ability to recognize revenue from certain customers. our ability to recognize revenue from a particular customer may also be negatively impacted by the customer's funding status, which could be weakened not only by adverse business conditions or inaccessibility to capital markets for any number of macroeconomic or company-specific reasons, but also by funding limitations imposed by the customer's unique organizational structure. any of these factors could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
•   managing cultural diversity and organizational alignment;
subsequent to the orbotech acquisition, we changed our organizational structure resulting in four reportable segments: semiconductor process control, specialty semiconductor process, pcb, display and component inspection, and other. prior period results have been recast to conform to the current presentation.
goodwill and purchased intangible assets. we assess goodwill for impairment annually as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. long-lived purchased intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. see note 7, "goodwill and purchased intangible assets" to the consolidated financial statements for additional details. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in each business combination. we performed our annual qualitative assessment of the goodwill by reporting unit during the third quarter of the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 and concluded that there was no impairment. in addition, as a result of the orbotech acquisition, we updated our organizational structure and performed a qualitative assessment of the goodwill for our reporting units, which were impacted by the organizational change, and concluded that there were no impairment indicators affecting the valuation of goodwill subsequent to our annual impairment test. the next annual evaluation of the goodwill by reporting unit will be performed in the third quarter of the fiscal year ending june 30, 2020.