item 1a - risk factors we describe below certain risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business reputation or business prospects.  these risk factors may change from time to time and may be amended, supplemented or superseded by updates to the risk factors contained in our future periodic reports on form 10-k, form 10-q and reports on other forms we file with the sec.  all forward-looking statements about our future results of operations or other matters made by us in this annual report, in our annual report to lowe's shareholders and in our subsequently filed reports to the sec, as well as in our press releases and other public communications, are qualified by the risks described below.
you should read these risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8. there also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this annual report generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. in connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the sec.
we may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of organizational change initiatives.
the home improvement retail environment, like the retail environment generally, is rapidly evolving, and adapting our business concept to respond to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands and their changing demographics is critical to our future success. our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. customers' expectations about how they wish to research, purchase and receive products and services have also evolved. it is difficult to predict the mix of products and services that our customers will demand. failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share and results of operations.
we may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them.
our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience as they increasingly are using computers, tablets, mobile phones and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. omni-channel retail is quickly evolving, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed and provide a consistent customer experience. the success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization and program sequencing. these initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. to the extent they are unable or unwilling to make these transformational changes, we may be unable to realize the full benefits of our strategic initiatives and expand our relevant market access. failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. in addition, to support our strategic initiatives and the related technology investments needed to implement our strategic investments, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals. the market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. our results of operations, financial condition or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors or if we are unable to attract, retain and manage the talent succession of additional personnel at various levels of the company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives and drive the changes that are essential to successfully adapting our business concept in the rapidly changing retail environment.
our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets and such information.
cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high profile security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years with increasing frequency at a number of major u.s. companies, including several large retailers, despite widespread recognition of the cyber-attack threat and improved data protection methods.  as with many other retailers, we collect, process, transmit and store certain personal information about our customers, employees and vendors, as well as confidential, sensitive, proprietary and business, personal and payment card information. additionally, we use third-party service providers for certain services, such as authentication, content delivery, back-office support and other functions, and we provide such third-party service providers with personal and other confidential information necessary for the services concerned. despite our continued vigilance and investment in information security, we, like others in our industry, are subject to the risk that unauthorized parties will attempt to gain access to our systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third party providers, or vendors, and we or our third-party service providers cannot guarantee that we or they are able to adequately anticipate or prevent a future breach in our or their systems that results in the unauthorized access to, destruction, misuse or release of personal information or other sensitive data. it can be difficult to preempt or detect ever-evolving forms of cyber-attacks. if a ransomware attack occurs, it is possible that we could be prevented from accessing our own data. our information security or our service providers' information security may also be compromised because of human errors, including by employees, or system errors. our systems and our service providers' systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as critical infrastructure outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, catastrophic events or cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing and ransomware. in the event that our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied. should these events occur, the unauthorized disclosure, loss or unavailability of data and disruption to our business may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, drive existing and potential customers away and lead to financial losses from remedial actions, or potential liability, including possible litigation and punitive damages.  a security breach resulting in the unauthorized release of data from our information systems or our third-party service providers' information systems could also materially increase the costs we already incur to protect against such risks and require dedication of substantial resources to manage the aftermath of such a breach.  data privacy and cybersecurity laws in the united states and internationally are constantly changing, and the implementation of these laws has become more complex.
in the united states alone, we may be subject to regulation at both the federal and state level. in order to maintain our compliance with such laws as they come to fruition, we may sustain increased costs in order to continually evaluate our policies and processes and adapt to new requirements that are or become applicable to us. as the regulatory environment relating to retailers' and other companies' obligation to protect personal information becomes stricter, a material failure on our part to comply with applicable regulations could subject us to fines, other regulatory sanctions or government investigation, and potentially to lawsuits brought by private individuals, regulators or states' attorney general.
we could be adversely affected by the failure to adequately protect and maintain our intellectual property rights or by claims of third parties that we infringe their intellectual property rights.
our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. we rely on a combination of trademark law, patent law, copyright law, trade secret protections and contractual arrangements, such as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements, to protect our proprietary rights. maintenance and, when necessary, enforcement of our intellectual property rights require expenditure of financial and managerial resources, and despite our efforts, we may not always be able to effectively protect all such rights. we may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized third party uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own.
additionally, our trade secrets are vulnerable to public disclosure by our own employees or as a result of a breach of or damage to our systems, which could result in theft of our proprietary property. we may also be subject to intellectual property infringement lawsuits, brought by third parties against us claiming that our operations, products or services infringe third party rights (whether meritorious or not), including patent and trademark rights, which can be time consuming and costly to defend or settle and may cause significant diversion of management attention and result in substantial monetary damages, injunctive orders against us, unfavorable royalty-bearing licensing agreements or bad publicity.
we are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label and co-branded credit cards, gift cards, consumer invoicing and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. these payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers and payment card industry data security standards. they also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards and promotional financing, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. if we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks' costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
as customer-facing technology systems become an increasingly important part of our omni-channel sales and marketing strategy, the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences.
access to the internet from computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile communication devices has empowered our customers and changed the way they shop and how we interact with them.  our websites, including lowes.com and lowesforpros.com, are a sales channel for our products, and are also a method of making product, project and other relevant information available to our customers that impacts our in-store sales.  additionally, we have multiple affiliated websites and mobile apps through which we seek to inspire, inform, cross-sell, establish online communities among and otherwise interact with our customers.  performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including temporary outages caused by distributed denial of service, ransomware or other cyber-attacks, or a complete failure of one or more of them without a disaster recovery plan that can be quickly implemented, could quickly destroy the positive benefits they provide to our home improvement business and negatively affect our customers' perceptions of lowe's as a reliable online vendor and source of information about home improvement products and services.
if we fail to hire, train, manage and retain qualified sales associates and specialists with expanded skill sets or corporate support staff with the capabilities of delivering on strategic objectives, we could lose sales to our competitors, and our labor costs, resulting from operations or the execution of corporate strategies, could be negatively affected.
our customers, whether they are homeowners, renters or commercial businesses, expect our sales associates and specialists to be well trained and knowledgeable about the products we sell and the home improvement services we provide. we compete with other retailers for many of our sales associates and specialists, and we invest significantly in them with respect to training and development to strive for high engagement. increasingly, our sales associates and specialists must have expanded skill sets, including, in some instances, the ability to do in-home or telephone sales. a challenge we face is attracting and retaining a sufficiently diverse workforce that can deliver relevant, culturally competent and differentiated experiences for a wide variety of culturally diverse customers. in fact, in many of our stores, our employees must be able to serve customers whose primary language and cultural traditions are different from their own. additionally, in order to deliver on the omni-channel expectations of our customers, we rely on the specialized training and capabilities of corporate support staff, which are broadly sought after by our competitors. if we are unable to hire, train, manage and retain qualified sales associates and specialists, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our results of operations could be negatively affected. furthermore, our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs, our brand image and reputation, changing demographics and adoption of new or revised immigration, employment, and labor laws and regulations. periodically, we are subject to labor organizing efforts, and if we become subject to collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could adversely affect how we operate our business and adversely affect our labor costs and our ability to retain a qualified workforce.
positively and effectively managing our public image and reputation is critical to our business success, and, if our public image and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, vendors and store associates and specialists and, consequently, our business and results of operations.
our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop at lowe's, our vendors want to do business with lowe's and our sales associates and specialists want to work for lowe's. we must continue to manage, preserve and grow lowe's public image and reputation. any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers' confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our relationships with current and future vendors, impact our results of operations and affect our ability to retain and recruit store associates and specialists. the significant expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by such negative incidents.
strategic transactions, such as our acquisition of rona and maintenance supply headquarters, involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits because of numerous uncertainties and risks.
we regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and other growth, market and geographic expansion strategies, with the expectation that these transactions will result in increases in sales, cost savings, synergies and other various benefits.  our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, it and other systems successfully; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; hiring additional management and other critical personnel; and increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations.  effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. integration of businesses into our internal control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations.  additionally, any impairment of goodwill or other assets acquired or divested in a strategic transaction or charges to earnings associated with any strategic transaction, may materially reduce our earnings. our shareholders may react unfavorably to our strategic transactions. we may not realize any anticipated benefits from such transactions, we may be exposed to additional liabilities of any acquired business or joint venture, and we may be exposed to litigation in connection with the strategic transaction.  further, we may finance these strategic transactions by incurring additional debt, which could increase leverage or impact our ability to access capital in the future.
failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality could damage our image with customers and negatively impact our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition.
product and service quality issues could result in a negative impact on customer confidence in lowe's and our brand image.  if our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers' expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks. actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to litigation, as well as government enforcement action, and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. as a result, lowe's reputation as a retailer of high-quality products and services, including both national and lowe's private brands, could suffer and impact customer loyalty.
our business could be affected by uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, including natural disasters, could impact our operations.
natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, fires, floods, tornadoes, and earthquakes; unseasonable, or unexpected or extreme weather conditions; or similar disruptions and catastrophic events can affect consumer spending and confidence and consumers' disposable income, particularly with respect to home improvement or construction projects, and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. these types of events can also adversely affect our work force and prevent associates and customers from reaching our stores and other facilities. they can also disrupt or disable operations of stores, support centers, and portions of our supply chain and distribution network, including causing reductions in the availability of inventory and disruption of utility services. in addition, these events may affect our information systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders and to communicate with our stores. as a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
we have many competitors who could take sales and market share from us if we fail to execute our merchandising, marketing and distribution strategies effectively, or if they develop a substantially more effective or lower cost means of meeting customer needs, resulting in a negative impact on our business and results of operations.
we operate in a highly competitive market for home improvement products and services and have numerous large and small, direct and indirect competitors.  the principal competitive factors in our industry include convenience, customer service, quality and price of merchandise and services, in-stock levels, and merchandise assortment and presentation.  we face growing competition from online and omni-channel retailers who have a similar product or service offering. customers are increasingly able to quickly comparison shop and determine real-time product availability and price using digital tools. further, online and omni-channel retailers continue to focus on delivery services, as customers are increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping, and we must make investments to keep up with our customers' evolving shopping preferences. our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance.  moreover, changes in the promotional pricing and other practices of our competitors, including the effects of competitor liquidation activities, may impact our results.
our inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers of brand name products could negatively impact our business operations and financial results.
we form strategic relationships with selected suppliers to market and develop products under a variety of recognized and respected national and international brand names.  we also have relationships with certain suppliers to enable us to sell proprietary products which differentiate us from other retailers. the inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with these suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results.
failure of a key vendor or service provider that we cannot quickly replace could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely upon a number of vendors as the sole or primary source of some of the products we sell.  we also rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business.  many of these vendors and service providers have certain products or specialized skills needed to support our business concept and our strategies. if these vendors or service providers discontinue operations or are unable to perform as expected or if we fail to manage them properly or we are unable to replace them quickly, our business could be adversely affected, at least temporarily, until we are able to replace them.
if our domestic or international supply chain or our fulfillment network for our products is ineffective or disrupted for any reason, or if these operations are subject to trade policy changes, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
we source, stock and sell products from domestic and international vendors, and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill our orders is critical to our business success. we source a large number of our products from foreign manufacturers, with china being the dominant import source. the current united states administration has enacted, and signaled the possibility of additional, changes in certain tax and trade policies, tariffs and other regulations affecting trade between the united states and other countries, such as the imposition of additional tariffs or duties on imported products and the exit or renegotiation of certain trade agreements and the rules of the world trade organization. while it is not possible to predict the long term impacts such changes may have, because we source a large percentage of our merchandise from outside the united states, future changes in tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity and net income. in addition, other countries may change their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in united states trade policy and regulations. the degree of our exposure is dependent on, among other things, the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of tariffs. the impact to our business, including net sales and gross margin, will be influenced in part by merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential costs increases by us and our competitors. while these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our financial results.
financial instability among key vendors, political instability and labor unrest in source countries or elsewhere in our supply chain, changes in the total costs in our supply chain (fuel, labor and currency exchange rates), port labor disputes and security, the outbreak of pandemics, weather-related events, natural disasters, work stoppages, shipping capacity restraints, changes in trade policy, retaliatory trade restrictions imposed by either the united states or a major source country, tariffs or duties, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and transport availability, capacity and costs are beyond our control and could negatively impact our business if they seriously disrupted the movement of products through our supply chain or increased their costs. additionally, as we add fulfillment capabilities or pursue strategies with different fulfillment requirements, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more challenging. if our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience delays in inventory, increased delivery costs or merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales and decreased customer confidence, and adversely affect our results of operations.
failure to effectively manage our third-party installers could result in increased operational and legal risks and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we use third-party installers to provide installation services to our customers, and, as the general contractor, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, including the management of the permitting, licensing and quality of our third-party installers. our failure to effectively manage such requirements, the third-party installers, and our internal processes regarding installation services could result in lost sales, fines and lawsuits, as well as damage to our reputation, which could negatively affect our business.
operating internationally presents unique challenges, including some that have required us to adapt our store operations, merchandising, marketing and distribution functions to serve customers in canada. our business and results of operations could be negatively affected if we are unable to effectively address these challenges.
we operate stores in canada. expanding and operating internationally presents unique challenges that may increase the anticipated costs and risks of operation and expansion and slow the anticipated rate of expansion. our future operating results in canada or in other countries or regions in which we may operate in the future could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, including unfavorable political or economic factors, adverse tax consequences, volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, increased difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights, costs and difficulties of managing international operations, challenges with identifying and contracting with local suppliers and other risks created as a result of differences in culture, laws and regulations. these factors could restrict our ability to operate our international businesses profitably and therefore have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial position. in addition, our reported results of operations and financial position could also be negatively affected by exchange rates when the activities and balances of our foreign operations are translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes.
we must comply with various and multiple laws and regulations that differ substantially in each area where we operate. changes in existing or new laws and regulations or regulatory enforcement priorities, or our inability to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
laws and regulations at the local, regional, state, federal and international levels change frequently, and the changes can impose significant costs and other burdens of compliance on our business and our vendors.  if we fail to comply with these laws, rules and regulations, or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, we may be subject to government enforcement action, litigation, damage to our reputation, civil and criminal liability, damages, fines and penalties and increased cost of regulatory compliance, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance. these laws, rules and regulations include, but are not limited to, import and export requirements, u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials. although we have implemented policies and procedures to help ensure compliance with these laws, rules and regulations, there can be no certainty that our employees and third parties with whom we do business will not take actions in violation of our policies or laws. many of these laws, rules and regulations are complex, evolving and are subject to varying interpretations and enforcement actions. any changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations, or the enactment of any new legislation could have an adverse impact, directly or indirectly, on our financial condition and results of operations.  we may also be subject to investigations or audits by governmental authorities and regulatory agencies as a result of enforcing existing laws and regulations or changes in enforcement priorities, which can occur in the ordinary course of business or which can result from increased scrutiny from a particular agency towards an industry, country or practice.
future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements, negatively affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are, and in the future will become, involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of our business. some of these proceedings may raise difficult and complicated factual and legal issues and can be subject to uncertainties and complexities. the timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and governmental and other legal proceedings is typically uncertain. additionally, the possible outcomes of, or resolutions to, these proceedings could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments. furthermore, defending against these proceedings may require a diversion of management's attention and resources. none of the legal proceedings in which we are currently involved, individually or collectively, are considered material.
our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade and expand those systems.
our efforts to provide an omni-channel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining and making ongoing improvements of our existing management information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing and fulfillment.  our systems are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks and telecommunications failures, and as a result we may incur significant expense, data loss as well as an erosion of customer confidence. additionally, we continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption. our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade and expand those systems.
liquidity and access to capital rely on efficient, rational and open capital markets and are dependent on lowe's credit strength. our inability to access capital markets could negatively affect our business, financial performance and results of operations.
we have relied on the public debt markets to fund portions of our capital investments and the commercial paper market and bank credit facilities to fund our working capital needs. our access to these markets depends on our strong credit ratings, the overall condition of debt capital markets and our operating performance. disruption in the financial markets or an erosion of our credit strength or declines on our credit rating could impact negatively our ability to meet capital requirements or fund working capital needs.
our sales are dependent upon the health and stability of the general economy. adverse changes in economic factors specific to the home improvement industry may negatively impact the rate of growth of our total sales and comparable sales.
many u.s. and global economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance.  these include, but are not limited to, periods of slow economic growth or recession, decreasing housing turnover or home price appreciation, volatility and/or lack of liquidity from time to time in u.s. and world financial markets and the consequent reduced availability and/or higher cost of borrowing to lowe's and its customers, slower rates of growth in real disposable personal income that could affect the rate of growth in consumer spending, high rates of unemployment, consumer debt levels, outbreak of pandemics, fluctuations in fuel and energy costs, inflation or deflation of commodity prices, natural disasters and acts of both domestic and international terrorism. sales of many of our product categories and services are driven by the activity level of home improvement projects. adverse development in these factors could result in a decrease in home improvement activity which could reduce demand for our products and services.
in addition, although we are monitoring the effects of a widespread outbreak of a contagious respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus first identified in wuhan, china (covid-19), we cannot predict whether, for how long, or the extent to which the outbreak may disrupt our supply chain, operations, sales, and/or product shipments and home installations. a prolonged outbreak could negatively impact our vendors and customers, cause interruptions to our operations, including the reduction of store operating hours, temporary store closures and reduced store traffic, and adversely affect our results of operations. more generally, a widespread health crisis could adversely affect the u.s. economy, resulting in an economic downturn that could decrease consumer confidence and affect demand for our products and therefore impact our results, including our business and financial outlook for fiscal 2020. any adverse impact on our results of operations, business or financial outlook could be material.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources during the three-year period ended january 31, 2020 (our fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017).   unless otherwise noted, all references herein for the years 2019, 2018 and 2017 represent the fiscal years ended january 31, 2020, february 1, 2019 and february 2, 2018, respectively.  we intend for this discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles affect our financial statements. this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.  this discussion and analysis is presented in six sections:
•   financial condition, liquidity and capital resources
•   off-balance sheet arrangements
•   critical accounting policies and estimates executive overview net sales for fiscal 2019 increased 1.2% over fiscal year 2018 to $72.1 billion. the increase in total sales was driven by an increase in comparable sales, offset by a decrease in sales due to closed stores and the exit of the mexico and orchard supply hardware (orchard) businesses. comparable sales increased 2.6% over fiscal year 2018, driven by a comparable average ticket increase of 2.1% and an increase in comparable transactions of 0.5%. net earnings for fiscal 2019 increased 85.0% to $4.3 billion. diluted earnings per common share increased 93.1% in fiscal year 2019 to $5.49 from $2.84 in 2018. as further discussed below, during fiscal year 2019, we completed a strategic review of the canadian operations and finalized the closure of the mexico business, resulting in net pre-tax operating costs and charges of $265 million, which decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.25. adjusting 2019 and 2018 amounts for certain significant discrete items not contemplated in the business outlooks for those respective years, adjusted diluted earnings per common share increased 12.3% in fiscal year 2019 to $5.74 from $5.11 in 2018 (see the non-gaap financial measures discussion).
for 2019, cash flows from operating activities were approximately $4.3 billion, with $1.5 billion used for capital expenditures. continuing to deliver on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, the company repurchased 41.0 million shares of stock through the share repurchase program for $4.3 billion and paid $1.6 billion in dividends during the year.
during the prior year, we announced our intention to exit our mexico retail operations and our plan to sell the operating business. however, during the first quarter of 2019, after an extensive market evaluation, the decision was made to instead sell the assets of the business. this resulted in an $82 million tax benefit in the first quarter. this benefit was partially offset by $35 million of pretax operating costs during the year associated with the exit and ongoing wind-down of the business.
in the third quarter of 2019, we commenced a strategic review of the canadian operations to improve execution and deliver long-term improved profitability in canada. as a result, during the fourth quarter, we completed the closure of 28 under-performing stores with the remaining six planned closures to be completed in early fiscal 2020. in addition, canadian operations started a sku rationalization project to present a more coordinated assortment of product to the customer across banners and began the reorganization of the corporate structure to more efficiently serve stores. total pretax operating costs and charges associated with the strategic review of the canadian operations were $230 million for fiscal year 2019.
during the year, we made significant progress transforming our company through our four key focus areas: driving merchandising excellence; transforming our supply chain; delivering operational efficiency; and intensifying customer engagement. our merchandise service teams (mst) have improved our merchandising reset execution and day-to-day bay and end-cap maintenance at the store level to deliver a better shopping experience to our customers. we made improvements to our store environment, optimizing our layout on the critically important seasonal pad at the front of our stores. we also opened two new bulk distribution centers, relocated a third bulk distribution center, and opened four new cross-dock delivery terminals. in 2019, we focused on improving our customer service and investing in our in-stock position, driving efficiency in our store operations and advancing our pro service model. we rolled out a customer centric scheduling system that allows us to provide better department coverage and customer service, while ensuring that we are using our payroll efficiently. we have also added scheduling effectiveness tools that measure schedule efficiency and deployed new mobile devices to our store associates with applications to help make our associates more efficient and ultimately allowed them to spend more time interacting with customers. in 2019, our pro strategy was primarily focused on improving retail fundamentals such as job lot quantities, improved service levels, dedicated loaders, pro department supervisors and consistent volume pricing. in addition, during the fourth quarter, we added dedicated point of sale terminals at our pro desk to allow for more convenient, faster service.
in 2019, we made significant progress in transforming our company. although we are only one year into a multi-year transformation, we believe that we are on the right path to capitalize on demand in the home improvement market, and our planned improvements to the lowes.com platform will allow these four strategic areas of focus to create a true omni-channel ecosystem for lowe's so we can efficiently serve our customers any way they choose to shop.
operations the following tables set forth the percentage relationship to net sales of each line item of the consolidated statements of earnings, as well as the percentage change in dollar amounts from the prior year.  this table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.
basis point increase / (decrease) in percentage of net sales from prior year           percentage increase / (decrease) in dollar amounts from prior year
operating income                         8.75           5.64                                          311                                                                              57.1
basis point increase / (decrease) in percentage of net sales from prior year           percentage increase / (decrease) in dollar amounts from prior year
operating income                         5.64           9.60                                         (396   )                                                                         (39.0   )
loss on extinguishment of debt              -           0.68                                          (68   )                                                                        (100.0   )
total customer transactions (in millions)                       921                 941                 953
at end of year:
number of stores                                              1,977               2,015               2,152
return on invested capital 6                                   19.9   %            11.2   %            16.0   %
1   a comparable location is defined as a retail location that has been open longer than 13 months. a location that is identified for relocation is no longer considered comparable in the month of its relocation. the relocated location must then remain open longer than 13 months to be considered comparable. a location we have decided to exit is no longer considered comparable as of the beginning of the month in which we announce its exit. acquired locations are included in the comparable sales calculation beginning in the first full month following the first anniversary of the date of the acquisition. comparable sales include online sales, which positively impacted fiscal 2019, fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 by approximately 25 basis points, 80 basis points and 120 basis points, respectively.
2   average ticket is defined as net sales divided by the total number of customer transactions.
3   average store size selling square feet is defined as sales floor square feet divided by the number of stores open at the end of the period. the average lowe's-branded home improvement store has approximately 112,000 square feet of retail selling space.
6   return on invested capital is calculated using a non-gaap financial measure. net earnings to average debt and equity is the most comparable gaap ratio. see below for additional information and reconciliations of non-gaap measures.
non-gaap financial measures return on invested capital return on invested capital (roic) is calculated using a non-gaap financial measure. we believe roic is a meaningful metric for investors because it represents management's measure of how effectively the company is using capital to generate profits. although roic is a common financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating roic.  accordingly, the method used by our management may differ from the methods used by other companies.  we encourage you to understand the methods used by another company to calculate its roic before comparing to ours.
we define roic as rolling 12 months' lease adjusted net operating profit after tax (lease adjusted nopat) divided by the average of current year and prior year ending debt and equity. lease adjusted nopat is a non-gaap financial measure, and net earnings is considered to be the most comparable gaap financial measure. the calculation of roic, together with a reconciliation of net earnings to lease adjusted nopat, is as follows:
calculation of return on invested capital numerator net earnings                                       $4,281              $2,314              $3,447
operating lease interest                              195                 206                 209
loss on extinguishment of debt                          -                   -                 464
lease adjusted net operating profit                 6,509               4,224               6,795
income tax adjustment                               1,554               1,344               2,528
lease adjusted net operating profit after tax      $4,955              $2,880              $4,267
return on invested capital                           19.9   %            11.2   %            16.0   %
1   income tax adjustment is defined as net operating profit multiplied by the effective tax rate, which was 23.9%, 31.8%, and 37.2% for 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.
2   average debt and equity is defined as average current year and prior year ending debt, including current maturities, short-term borrowings, and operating lease liabilities, plus the average current year and prior year ending total equity.
adjusted diluted earnings per share adjusted diluted earnings per share is considered a non-gaap financial measure. the company believes this non-gaap financial measure provides useful insight for analysts and investors in evaluating what management considers the company's core financial performance. adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes the impact of certain discrete items not contemplated in the company's business outlooks for 2019 and 2018. unless otherwise noted, the income tax effect of these adjustments is calculated using the marginal rates for the respective periods.
adjusted diluted earnings per share should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful indicator of, the company's diluted earnings per common share as prepared in accordance with gaap. the company's methods of determining this non-gaap financial measure may differ from the method used by other companies for this or similar non-gaap financial measures. accordingly, these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to the measures used by other companies.
fiscal 2019 impacts for fiscal 2019, the company has recognized financial impacts from the following discrete items, not contemplated in the company's business outlook for 2019:
•   prior to the beginning of fiscal 2019, the company announced its intention to exit its mexico retail operations and had planned to sell the operating business. however, in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, after an extensive market evaluation, the decision was made to instead sell the assets of the business. that decision resulted in an $82 million tax benefit in the first quarter, which was partially offset by $12 million of pre-tax operating costs associated with the exit and ongoing wind-down of the mexico retail operations. during the second quarter of fiscal 2019, the company recognized additional pre-tax operating losses of $14 million. for the third quarter, the pre-tax operating losses for the mexico retail operations were insignificant. for the fourth quarter, the company recognized additional pre-tax operating losses of $9 million. total pre-tax operating costs and charges for fiscal year 2019 were $35 million (mexico adjustments), and;
•   during the third quarter of fiscal 2019, the company began a strategic review of its canadian operations, and as a result, recognized pre-tax charges of $53 million associated with long-lived asset impairment. during the fourth quarter, the company made the decision to close 34 under-performing stores and take additional actions to improve future performance and profitability of its canadian operations. as a result of these actions, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, the company recognized pre-tax operating costs and charges of $176 million, consisting of inventory liquidation, accelerated depreciation and amortization, severance, and other costs, as well as a net $26 million impact to income tax expense related to income tax valuation allowance. total pre-tax operating costs and charges for fiscal year 2019 were $230 million (2019 canada restructuring).
fiscal 2018 impacts during fiscal 2018, the company recognized financial impacts from the following discrete items, not contemplated in the company's business outlook for 2018:
•   during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the company recorded $952 million of goodwill impairment associated with its canadian operations (canadian goodwill impairment);
•   on august 17, 2018, the company committed to exit its orchard supply hardware operations. as a result, the company recognized pre-tax charges of $230 million during the second quarter of fiscal 2018 associated with long lived asset impairment and discontinued projects. during the third quarter of fiscal 2018, the company recognized pre-tax charges of $123 million associated with accelerated depreciation and amortization, severance and lease obligations. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the company recognized additional pre-tax charges of $208 million primarily related to lease obligations. total pre-tax charges for fiscal year 2018 were $561 million (orchard supply hardware charges);
•   on october 31, 2018, the company committed to close 20 under-performing stores across the u.s. and 31 locations in canada, including 27 under-performing stores. as a result, the company recognized pre-tax charges of $121 million during the third quarter of fiscal 2018 associated with long-lived asset impairment and severance obligations. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the company recognized additional pre-tax charges of $150 million, primarily associated with severance and lease obligation costs, as well as accelerated depreciation. total pre-tax charges for fiscal year 2018 were $271 million (u.s. and canada closing charges);
•   as previously discussed above, on november 20, 2018, the company announced its plans to exit retail operations in mexico and was exploring strategic alternatives. during the third quarter, $22 million of long-lived asset impairment was recognized on certain assets in mexico as a result of the strategic evaluation. during the fourth quarter, an additional $222 million of impairment was recognized. total pre-tax charges for fiscal year 2018 were $244 million (mexico impairment charges);
•   during the third quarter of fiscal 2018, the company identified certain non-core activities within its u.s. home improvement business to exit, including alacrity renovation services and iris smart home. as a result, during the third quarter of 2018, the company recognized pre-tax charges of $14 million associated with long-lived asset impairment and inventory write-down. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the company recognized additional pre-tax charges of $32 million. total pre-tax charges for fiscal year 2018 were $46 million (non-core activities charges), and;
•   during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the company recorded a pre-tax charge of $13 million, associated with severance costs due to the elimination of the project specialists interiors position (project specialists interiors charge).
non-gaap adjustments - per share impacts
mexico adjustments                         0.05                       (0.11   )       (0.06         )                  -                       -                     -
canadian goodwill impairment               -                          -               -                             1.17                   (0.03   )              1.14
mexico impairment charges                  -                          -               -                             0.30                    0.01                  0.31
net sales - net sales increased 1.2% to $72.1 billion in 2019. the increase in total sales was driven primarily by 2.6% comparable sales growth and new stores (+0.2%), offset by the impact from closed stores and exit of the mexico & orchard operations (-1.6%). the comparable sales increase of 2.6% in 2019 was driven primarily by a 2.1% increase in comparable average ticket and a 0.5% increase in comparable customer transactions. comparable sales increases during each quarter of the fiscal year, as reported, were 3.5% in the first quarter, 2.3% in the second quarter, 2.2% in the third quarter, and 2.5% in the fourth quarter.
during 2019, we experienced comparable sales increases in ten of 13 product categories. we experienced mid single-digit negative comparable sales in lighting and kitchens & bath, primarily due to the exit of the project specialist interiors (psi) business in 2018. lighting also experienced decreased volume of sales due to price increases to offset tariff pressure. comparable sales increases were above the company average in lawn & garden, décor, tools, paint, appliances, millwork, seasonal & outdoor living, hardware, rough plumbing & electrical, and lumber & building materials. favorable weather driven demand was a key comparable sales driver for lawn & garden, seasonal & outdoor living, hardware, and paint. décor comparable sales were driven by strong performance in blinds & shades, promotional activity, and improved inventory position. strong refrigerator and laundry performance during major holiday promotion events in appliances drove strong comparable sales during the year. tools benefited from the craftsman® reset in the prior year, as well as strong performance during promotional events during the year. geographically, all 15 u.s. regions experienced positive comparable sales with the strongest results in the west and south.
during the fourth quarter of 2019, we experienced comparable sales increases in nine of 13 product categories. comparable sales increases were above the company average in décor, lawn & garden, paint, millwork, lumber & building materials, tools, hardware, and appliances. strength in décor was driven primarily by the winter reorganization promotional event, particularly in-home organization products. unseasonably warm weather drove strong comparable sales in lawn & garden, paint, and lumber & building materials. we experienced low single-digit negative comparable sales in seasonal & outdoor living, kitchens & bath, and lighting due primarily to the exit of the psi business in the prior year. seasonal & outdoor living experienced softness in seasonal and outdoor heat due to warmer than expected weather. geographically, 14 of 15 u.s. regions experienced increases in fourth quarter comparable sales.
gross margin - gross margin as a percentage of sales for 2019 decreased 32 basis points compared to 2018. gross margin was negatively impacted by approximately 35 basis points due to tariff pressure, 20 basis points from supply chain costs associated with new facilities, transportation and customer deliveries, and 10 basis points associated with increased inventory shrink. this was partially offset by a gross margin increase of approximately 40 basis points due to our prior year inventory rationalization efforts to eliminate less productive skus and reduce clutter in our stores.
during the fourth quarter of 2019, gross margin decreased 22 basis points as a percentage of sales. gross margin was negatively impacted by approximately 80 basis points from the impact of store closures and inventory liquidation associated with the canadian restructuring, 25 basis points from supply chain costs associated with new facilities, transportation and
customer deliveries, and 25 basis points associated with increased inventory shrink. this was partially offset by 105 basis points due to the use of rate mitigation strategies.
sg&a - sg&a expense for 2019 leveraged 311 basis points as a percentage of sales compared to 2018. this was primarily driven by 265 basis points of leverage due to prior year goodwill and long-lived asset impairments and discontinued projects associated with the company's prior year strategic reassessment of orchard, ushi, canada, and mexico locations. there was an additional 45 basis points of leverage in salaries expenses, and 15 basis points of leverage in advertising due to improved advertising efficiency. these were partially offset by 10 basis points of deleverage associated with current year long-lived asset impairment, severance and other costs associated with the company's strategic review of the canadian operations.
for the fourth quarter of 2019, sg&a expense leveraged 959 basis points as a percentage of sales compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. this was primarily driven by 960 basis points of leverage due to prior year goodwill and long-lived asset impairments and discontinued projects associated with the company's prior year strategic reassessment of orchard, ushi, canada, and mexico locations, as well as 20 basis points of leverage in salaries expenses. these were partially offset by 20 basis points of deleverage associated with the current year long-lived asset impairment, severance and other costs associated with the company's strategic review of the canadian operations.
depreciation and amortization - depreciation and amortization expense leveraged 32 basis points for 2019 as a percentage of sales compared to 2018, primarily due to store closures in the prior year and assets becoming fully depreciated. property, less accumulated depreciation, increased to $18.7 billion at january 31, 2020, compared to $18.4 billion at february 1, 2019.  as of january 31, 2020 and february 1, 2019, we owned 84% and 83% of our stores, respectively, which included stores on leased land.
interest - net - net interest expense is comprised of the following:
interest expense, net of amount capitalized                 $706              $642
amortization of original issue discount and loan costs        12                10
net interest expense in 2019 deleveraged 8 basis points primarily as a result of interest expense related to the issuance of $3.0 billion unsecured notes in april 2019 and a $1.0 billion term loan issued in january 2020, partially offset by a decrease in expense associated with the adoption of asu 2016-02,  leases (topic 842), in the first quarter of 2019.
income tax provision - our effective income tax rate was 23.9% in 2019 compared to 31.8% in 2018. for 2019, the rate was favorably impacted by the tax benefit associated with the company's decision to sell the assets of the mexico business, which was offset by a valuation allowance established for the company's rona operations. for 2018, the favorable impact of tax reform was offset by the majority of the canadian goodwill impairment not being deductible for tax purposes, as well as negative tax impacts associated with the initial decision to exit mexico.
our effective income tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2019 was negatively impacted by the valuation allowances established for the company's rona operations. the fourth quarter of 2018 was negatively impacted by the non-deductibility of a majority of the goodwill impairment charge related to our canadian business, as well as the negative tax consequences of exiting our retail operations in mexico.
for a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended february 1, 2019 and february 2, 2018, see "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended february 1, 2019, filed with the sec on april 2, 2019.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources sources of liquidity cash flows from operations, supplemented with our short-term and long-term borrowings, have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments that will grow our business, and to return excess cash to
shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. we believe that our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next 12 months.
cash flows provided by operating activities
net cash provided by operating activities      $4,296              $6,193              $5,065
cash flows from operating activities continued to provide the primary source of our liquidity.  the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended january 31, 2020, versus the year ended february 1, 2019, was due primarily to changes in working capital, driven by accounts payable and inventory, which decreased operating cash flow for fiscal 2019 by approximately $1.2 billion, compared to an increase of approximately $430 million for fiscal 2018. in fiscal year 2019, inventory increased at the same time that accounts payable decreased. the increase in inventory was driven by strategic investments in the first half of fiscal 2019, including earlier seasonal purchases, resets, and increased job lot quantities, to increase sales. the decrease in accounts payable is due to timing of payments, partially related to the inventory build in late fiscal 2018. in fiscal 2018, the increase in accounts payable exceeded the increase in inventory driven by inventory rationalization efforts during the second half of fiscal 2018, and an acceleration of spring purchases in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018.
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended february 1, 2019, versus the year ended february 2, 2018, was due primarily to changes in working capital, driven by accounts payable and inventory, which increased operating cash flow for 2018 by approximately $430 million, compared to a decrease of approximately $883 million for 2017. in fiscal 2018, the increase in accounts payable exceeded the increase in inventory driven by inventory rationalization efforts during the second half of fiscal 2018, and an acceleration of spring purchases in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018.
net cash used in investing activities primarily consist of transactions related to capital expenditures and business acquisitions.
capital expenditures our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, existing stores, and expansion plans. capital expenditures were $1.5 billion in 2019, $1.2 billion in 2018, and $1.1 billion in 2017. the following table provides the allocation of capital expenditures for 2019, 2018, and 2017:
strategic initiatives 2                                     10   %      20   %      10   %
total capital expenditures                                 100   %     100   %     100   %
1   includes merchandising resets, facility repairs, replacements of it and store equipment, among other specific efforts.
2   represents investments related to our strategic focus areas aimed at improving customers' experience and driving improved performance.
our 2020 capital expenditures forecast is approximately $1.6 billion. the following table provides the allocation of our fiscal 2020 capital expenditures forecast:
strategic initiatives                                       15   %
net cash used in financing activities primarily consist of transactions related to our commercial paper, debt, share repurchases, and cash dividend payments.
net proceeds from issuance of short-term debt      $1,000           $-                     $-
net change in commercial paper                       $220           $(415     )          $625
in january 2020, the company entered into a $1 billion unsecured 364-day term loan facility (the "term loan"). the company must repay the aggregate principal amount of loans outstanding under the term loan on the maturity date in effect at such time (currently december 31, 2020). outstanding borrowings under the term loan were $1.0 billion, with a weighted average interest rate of 2.29%, as of january 31, 2020.
in addition, we have a $1.98 billion five year unsecured revolving second amended and restated credit agreement (the second amended and restated credit agreement) with a syndicate of banks. the second amended and restated credit agreement, which amended and restated the company's amended and restated credit agreement, dated november 23, 2016, has a maturity date of september 2023. subject to obtaining commitments from the lenders and satisfying other conditions specified in the second amended and restated credit agreement, the company may increase the aggregate availability by an additional $270 million.
in september 2019, the company entered into a $250 million unsecured 364-day credit agreement (the 2019 credit agreement) with a syndicate of banks. the company must repay the aggregate principal amount of loans outstanding under the 2019 credit agreement on the termination date in effect at such time (currently september 8, 2020). the company may elect to convert all of the loans outstanding under the 2019 credit agreement on the termination date into a term loan which the company shall repay in full on the first anniversary date of the termination date.
in september 2018, the company entered into a $250 million unsecured 364-day credit agreement (the 2018 credit agreement) with a syndicate of banks.
the second amended and restated credit agreement and the 2019 and 2018 credit agreements (collectively, the credit agreements) support our commercial paper program. the amount available to be drawn under the second amended and restated credit agreement and the credit agreements is reduced by the amount of borrowings under our commercial paper program. outstanding borrowings under the company's commercial paper program were $941 million, with a weighted average interest rate of 2.10% as of january 31, 2020, and $722 million, with a weighted average interest rate of 2.81% as of february 1, 2019. there was $1.0 billion in outstanding borrowings under the term loan and no borrowings outstanding under the second amended and restated credit agreement or the 2019 credit agreement as of january 31, 2020. there were no outstanding borrowings under the second amended and restated credit agreement or the 2018 credit agreement as of february 1, 2019. our commercial paper program, along with cash flows generated from operations, is typically utilized during our fourth fiscal quarter to build inventory in anticipation of the spring selling season. the following table includes additional information related to our borrowings under our commercial paper program for 2019, 2018, and 2017:
net change in commercial paper                                        $220             $(415   )            $625
weighted-average interest rate of commercial paper outstanding        2.10   %          2.81   %            1.85   %
the term loan, the second amended and restated credit agreement, and the credit agreements contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants. we were in compliance with those covenants at january 31, 2020. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information regarding our short-term borrowings.
long-term debt the following table includes additional information related to the company's long-term debt for 2019, 2018, and 2017:
net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt      $2,972           $-                   $2,968
repayment of long-term debt                      $(1,113   )       $(326     )         $(2,849   )
in 2019, we issued $3.0 billion of unsecured notes to finance 2019 maturities and for other general corporate purposes, which included share repurchases, capital expenditures, strategic investments, and working capital needs. in 2019, we paid approximately $1.1 billion to retire scheduled debts at maturity.
our ratio of debt to capital (equity plus debt) was 90.7% and 81.7% as of january 31, 2020, and february 1, 2019, respectively.
see note  to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information regarding our long-term debt.
share repurchases we have an ongoing share repurchase program, authorized by the company's board of directors, that is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions. we also withhold shares from employees to satisfy tax withholding liabilities. shares repurchased are retired and returned to authorized and unissued status. the following table provides, on a settlement date basis, the total number of shares repurchased, average price paid per share, and the total amount paid for share repurchases for 2019, 2018, and 2017:
total number of shares repurchased             41.2                31.6                39.9
as of january 31, 2020, we had $9.7 billion remaining under our share repurchase program with no expiration date. we expect to repurchase shares totaling approximately $5.0 billion in 2020. see note  to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information regarding share repurchases.
dividends in 2019, we increased our quarterly dividend payment 15% to $0.55 per share. our dividend payment dates are established such that dividends are paid in the quarter immediately following the quarter in which they are declared. the following table provides additional information related to our dividend payments for 2019, 2018, and 2017:
capital resources we expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. the availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected, however, by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios.  the table below reflects our debt ratings by standard & poor's (s&p) and moody's as of march 23, 2020, which we are disclosing to enhance understanding of our sources of liquidity and the effect of our ratings on our cost of funds.  our debt ratings have enabled, and should continue to enable, us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. our commercial paper and senior debt ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
outlook            stable    stable there are no provisions in any agreements that would require early cash settlement of existing debt or leases as a result of a downgrade in our debt rating or a decrease in our stock price.  in addition, we do not believe it will be necessary to repatriate significant cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in foreign affiliates to fund domestic operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet financing that has, or is reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
operating leases 1                                                                   5,662                             624                   1,345                   1,087             2,606
amount of commitment expiration by period commercial commitments (in millions)                                                 total                less than 1 year               1-3 years               4-5 years             after 5 years letters of credit 4                                                                    $61                             $60                      $1                      $-             $-
1   amounts do not include taxes, common area maintenance, insurance, or contingent rent because these amounts have historically been insignificant.
3   purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable, are legally binding, and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. our purchase obligations include firm commitments related to certain marketing and information technology programs, as well as purchases of merchandise inventory.
4   letters of credit are issued primarily for insurance and construction contracts.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements presented in this annual report requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.  we base these estimates on historical results and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable, all of which form the basis for making estimates concerning the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources.  actual results may differ from these estimates.
our significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included herein.  we believe that the following accounting policies affect the most significant estimates and management judgments used in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
merchandise inventory description we record an obsolete inventory reserve for the anticipated loss associated with selling inventories below cost.  this reserve is based on our current knowledge with respect to inventory levels, sales trends and historical experience.  during 2019, our reserve increased approximately $27 million to $105 million as of january 31, 2020.
we also record an inventory reserve for the estimated shrinkage between physical inventories.  this reserve is based primarily on actual shrinkage results from previous physical inventories.  during 2019, the inventory shrinkage reserve increased approximately $22 million to $244 million as of january 31, 2020.
in addition, we receive funds from vendors in the normal course of business, principally as a result of purchase volumes, sales, early payments or promotions of vendors' products.  generally, these vendor funds do not represent the reimbursement of specific, incremental and identifiable costs that we incurred to sell the vendor's product.  many of the vendor funds associated with these purchases are earned under agreements that are negotiated on an annual basis or shorter. the funds are recorded as a reduction to the cost of inventory as they are earned. as the related inventory is sold, the amounts are recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. funds that are determined to be reimbursements of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to sell vendors' products are recorded as an offset to the related expense.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate we do not believe that our merchandise inventories are subject to significant risk of obsolescence in the near term, and we have the ability to adjust purchasing practices based on anticipated sales trends and general economic conditions. however, changes in consumer purchasing patterns or a deterioration in product quality could result in the need for additional reserves.  likewise, changes in the estimated shrink reserve may be necessary, based on the timing and results of physical inventories.  we also apply judgment in the determination of levels of obsolete inventory and assumptions about net realizable value.
for vendor funds, we develop accrual rates based on the provisions of the agreements in place.  due to the complexity and diversity of the individual vendor agreements, we perform analyses and review historical purchase trends and volumes throughout the year, adjust accrual rates as appropriate and confirm actual amounts with select vendors to ensure the amounts earned are appropriately recorded.  amounts accrued throughout the year could be impacted if actual purchase volumes differ from projected purchase volumes, especially in the case of programs that provide for increased funding when graduated purchase volumes are met.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions we have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our inventory valuation or the related reserves for obsolete inventory or inventory shrinkage during the past three fiscal years.  we believe that we have sufficient current and historical knowledge to record reasonable estimates for both of these inventory reserves.  however, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded reserves. a 10% change in either the amount of products considered obsolete or the weighted average estimated loss rate used in the calculation of our obsolete inventory reserve would have affected net earnings by approximately $5 million for 2019. a 10% change in the estimated shrinkage rate included in the calculation of our inventory shrinkage reserve would have affected net earnings by approximately $18 million for 2019.
we have not made any material changes in the methodology used to recognize vendor funds during the past three fiscal years.  if actual results are not consistent with the assumptions and estimates used, we could be exposed to additional adjustments that could positively or negatively impact gross margin and inventory.  however, substantially all receivables associated with these activities do not require subjective long-term estimates because they are collected within the following fiscal year.  adjustments to gross margin and inventory in the following fiscal year have historically not been material.
long-lived asset impairment description we review the carrying amounts of locations whenever certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.  when evaluating locations for impairment, our asset group is at an individual location level, as that is the lowest level for which cash flows are identifiable.  cash flows for individual locations do not include an allocation of corporate overhead.
we evaluate locations for triggering events relating to long-lived asset impairment on a quarterly basis to determine when a location's asset may not be recoverable. for operating locations, our primary indicator that assets may not be recoverable is consistently negative cash flow for a 12-month period for those locations that have been open in the same location for a sufficient period of time to allow for meaningful analysis of ongoing operating results. management also monitors other factors when evaluating operating locations for impairment, including individual locations' execution of their operating plans and local market conditions, including incursion, which is the opening of either other lowe's locations or those of a direct competitor within the same market. we also consider there to be a triggering event when there is a current expectation that it is more likely than not that a given location will be closed or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
a potential impairment has occurred if projected future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the location's assets are less than the carrying amount of the assets. the carrying value of a location's asset group includes inventory, property, operating and finance lease right-of-use assets and operating liabilities including inventory payables, salaries payable and operating lease liabilities. financial and nonoperating liabilities are excluded from the carrying value of the asset group. when determining the stream of projected future cash flows associated with an individual operating location, management makes assumptions, incorporating local market conditions, about key store variables including sales growth rates, gross margin and controllable expenses, such as store payroll and operating expense, as well as asset residual values or lease rates. operating lease payments are included in the projected future cash flows. financing lease payments are excluded from the projected future cash flows. an impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the operating location is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value.
we use an income approach to determine the fair value of our individual operating locations, which requires discounting projected future cash flows. this involves making assumptions regarding both a location's future cash flows, as described above, and an appropriate discount rate to determine the present value of those future cash flows. we discount our cash flow estimates at a rate commensurate with the risk that selected market participants would assign to the cash flows. the selected market participants represent a group of other retailers with a market footprint similar in size to ours.
we use a market approach to determine the fair value of our individual locations identified for closure. this involves making assumptions regarding the estimated selling prices or estimated lease rates by obtaining information from property brokers or appraisers in the specific markets being evaluated. the information includes comparable sales of similar assets and assumptions about demand in the market for purchase or lease of these assets.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate our impairment evaluations require us to apply judgment in determining whether a triggering event has occurred, including the evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. our impairment loss calculations require us to apply judgment in estimating expected future cash flows, including estimated sales, margin, and controllable expenses, assumptions about market performance for operating locations, and estimated selling prices or lease rates for locations identified for closure. we also apply judgment in estimating asset fair values, including the selection of an appropriate discount rate for fair values determined using an income approach.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions during fiscal years 2019 and 2018, the company recorded impairment charges totaling $62 million and $331 million, respectively, within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings. we have not made any material changes in the methodology used to estimate the future cash flows of operating locations or locations identified for closure during the past three fiscal years. if the actual results are not consistent with the assumptions and judgments we have made in determining whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed significantly before the end of its useful life or in estimating future cash flows and determining asset fair values, our actual impairment losses could vary from our estimated impairment losses. in the event that our estimates vary from actual results, we may record additional impairment losses, which could be material to our results of operations.
self-insurance description we are self-insured for certain losses relating to workers' compensation, automobile, general and product liability, extended protection plan, and certain medical and dental claims. we have excess insurance coverage above certain retention amounts to limit exposure from single events and earnings volatility. our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, is limited to $2 million per occurrence involving workers' compensation, $10 million per occurrence involving general or product liability, and $10 million per occurrence involving automobile. we do not have any excess insurance coverage for self-insured extended protection plan or medical and dental claims. self-insurance claims filed and claims incurred but not reported are accrued based upon our estimates of the discounted ultimate cost for self-insured claims incurred using actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and historical experience. during 2019, our self-insurance liability increased approximately $151 million to $1.1 billion as of january 31, 2020.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate these estimates are subject to changes in the regulatory environment, utilized discount rate, projected exposures including payroll, sales and vehicle units, as well as the frequency, lag and severity of claims.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions we have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our self-insurance liability during the past three fiscal years. although we believe that we have the ability to reasonably estimate losses related to claims, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded self-insurance liabilities. a 10% change in our self-insurance liability would have affected net earnings by approximately $83 million for 2019. a 100 basis point change in our discount rate would have affected net earnings by approximately $22 million for 2019.