* acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures, and other unusual events resulting from portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies, and possible organizational restructuring could affect future results. the company monitors its business portfolio and organizational structure and has made and may continue to make acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures and changes to its organizational structure. with respect to acquisitions, including, for example, the recently completed acquisition of acelity, inc. and its kci subsidiaries (a leading global medical technology company), future results will be affected by the company's ability to integrate acquired businesses quickly and obtain the anticipated synergies. the company realigned from five to four business segments, effective in april of 2019, to better serve its global customers and markets. successful execution of the realignment and the associated adjustments of our portfolio and business operating model, as well as other organizational changes, will be important to the company's future results.
for 2019, while 3m experienced sales growth in its consumer and health care segments, this was more than offset by declines in 3m's safety and industrial and transportation and electronics segments. these two businesses were impacted by softness in certain end markets (china, automotive and electronics) and channel inventory adjustments, particularly within asia pacific and the united states. earnings were also impacted by second quarter restructuring actions taken to address lower sales volumes, as well as inventory reductions to drive improved cash flow. further restructuring actions were taken in fourth quarter to realign 3m's organizational structure and operating model to improve growth and operational efficiency. partially offsetting these impacts were benefits in the second half of 2019 from the second quarter restructuring actions.
●   during the second quarter of 2019, in light of slower than expected 2019 sales, and additionally in the fourth quarter to realign 3m's organizational structure and operating model to improve growth and operational efficiency, management approved and committed to undertake certain restructuring actions. the company recorded a fourth quarter 2019 pre-tax
●   during the second quarter of 2019, in light of slower than expected 2019 sales, and additionally in the fourth quarter to realign 3m's organizational structure and operating model to improve growth and operational efficiency, management approved and committed to undertake certain restructuring actions. of the total $282 million charge reflected in 2019, $148 million was recorded in the second quarter, of which $35 million was associated with a voluntary retirement incentive program that impacted second quarter other expense (income), and an additional $134 million recorded in the fourth quarter.