item 1a. risk factors the registrants face various risks associated with their businesses. our businesses, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. in addition, this report also contains forward-looking and other statements about our businesses that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. see "forward-looking information," "item 1. business," "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and note 13 to the financial statements for more information concerning the risks described below and for other risks, uncertainties and factors that could impact our businesses and financial results.
order of subsection presentation a.   risks related to our u.k. regulated segment b.   risks related to registrant holding companies c.   risks related to domestic regulated utility operations d.   risks specific to kentucky regulated segment e.   risks specific to pennsylvania regulated segment f.   risks related to all segments
a. risks related to our u.k. regulated segment our u.k. distribution business contributes a significant amount of ppl's earnings and exposes us to the following additional risks related to operating outside the u.s., including risks associated with changes in u.k. laws and regulations, taxes, economic conditions and political conditions and policies of the u.k. government and the european union. these risks may adversely impact the results of operations of our u.k. distribution business or affect our ability to access u.k. revenues for payment of distributions or for other corporate purposes in the u.s.
•   changes in laws or regulations relating to u.k. operations, including rate regulations beginning in april 2023 under riio-ed2, operational performance and tax laws and regulations;
•   changes in government policies, personnel or approval requirements;
•   changes in general economic conditions affecting the u.k.;
•   regulatory reviews of tariffs for dnos;
•   changes in labor relations;
•   limitations on foreign investment or ownership of projects and returns or distributions to foreign investors;
•   limitations on the ability of foreign companies to borrow money from foreign lenders and lack of local capital or loans;
•   changes in u.s. tax law applicable to taxation of foreign earnings;
•   compliance with u.s. foreign corrupt practices laws; and
•   prolonged periods of low inflation or deflation.
in 2019, approximately 56% of ppl's net income was generated from its u.k. businesses. significant uncertainty continues to exist concerning the financial, foreign currency exchange rate and other consequences of the u.k. withdrawal from the european union, including the outcome of negotiations between the u.k. and european union as to the terms to be negotiated by december 31, 2020 concerning trade, security and certain other matters. ppl cannot predict the impact on ppl's u.k. operations that may be experienced as a result of these negotiations, although such impacts could be material.
we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risks because a significant portion of our cash flows and reported earnings are currently generated by our u.k. business operations.
these risks relate primarily to changes in the relative value of the british pound sterling and the u.s. dollar between the time we initially invest u.s. dollars in our u.k. businesses, and our strategy to hedge against such changes, and the time that cash is repatriated to the u.s. from the u.k., including cash flows from our u.k. businesses that may be distributed to ppl or used for repayments of intercompany loans or other general corporate purposes. in addition, ppl's consolidated reported earnings on a gaap basis may be subject to earnings translation risk, which results from the conversion of earnings as reported in our u.k. businesses on a british pound sterling basis to a u.s. dollar basis in accordance with gaap requirements.
our u.k. segment's earnings are subject to variability based on fluctuations in rpi, which is a measure of inflation.
in riio-ed1, wpd's base revenue was established by ofgem based on 2012/13 prices. base revenue is subsequently adjusted to reflect any increase or decrease in rpi for each year to determine the amount of revenue wpd can collect in tariffs. the rpi is forecasted annually by hm treasury and subject to true-up in subsequent years. consequently, fluctuations between forecasted and actual rpi can result in variances in base revenue. although wpd also has debt indexed to rpi and certain components of operations and maintenance expense are affected by inflation, these may not offset changes in base revenue and timing of such offsets would likely not be correlated precisely with the calendar year in which the variance in demand revenue was initially incurred. further, as rav is indexed to rpi under u.k. rate regulations, a reduction in rpi could adversely affect a borrower's debt-to-rav ratio, potentially limiting future borrowings at wpd's holding company.
our u.k. delivery business is subject to revenue variability based on operational performance.
our u.k. delivery businesses operate under an incentive-based regulatory framework. managing operational risk and delivering agreed-upon performance are critical to the u.k. regulated segment's financial performance. disruption to these distribution networks could reduce profitability both directly by incurring costs for network restoration and also through the system of penalties and rewards that ofgem administers relating to customer service levels.
our ability to collect current levels of pension deficit funding for certain wpd pension plans after march 2021 is uncertain.
wpd recovers approximately 80% of pension deficit funding for certain of wpd's defined benefit pension plans in conjunction with actual costs under the riio-ed1 price control. the pension deficit is determined by the pension trustees on a triennial basis in accordance with their funding requirements. pension deficit funding recovered in revenues was £151 million, £147 million and £142 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017. wpd expects similar amounts to be collected in revenues through march 31, 2021, but cannot predict amounts that will be collected in revenues beyond then as the plans are approaching a fully funded status. the current triennial pension review commenced in march 2019 and is expected to conclude by the end of 2020.
a failure by any of our u.k. regulated businesses to comply with the terms of a distribution license may lead to the issuance of an enforcement order by ofgem that could have an adverse impact on ppl.
ofgem has powers to levy fines of up to ten percent of revenue for any breach of a distribution license or, in certain circumstances, such as insolvency, the distribution license itself may be revoked. ofgem also has formal powers to propose modifications to each distribution license and there can be no assurance that a restrictive modification will not be introduced in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the operations and financial condition of the u.k. regulated businesses and ppl.
b. risk related to registrant holding companies ppl and lke are holding companies and their cash flows and ability to meet their obligations with respect to indebtedness and under guarantees, and ppl's ability to pay dividends, largely depends on the financial performance of their respective subsidiaries and, as a result, is effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of those subsidiaries.
ppl and lke are holding companies and conduct their operations primarily through subsidiaries. substantially all of the consolidated assets of these registrants are held by their subsidiaries. accordingly, these registrants' cash flows and ability to meet debt and guaranty obligations, as well as ppl's ability to pay dividends, are largely dependent upon the earnings of those subsidiaries and the distribution or other payment of such earnings in the form of dividends, distributions, loans, advances or repayment of loans and advances. the subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay dividends or distributions to their parents or to make funds available for such a payment. the ability of the registrants' subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions in the future will depend on the subsidiaries' future earnings and cash flows and the needs of their businesses, and may be restricted by their obligations to holders of their outstanding debt and other creditors, as well as any contractual or legal restrictions in effect at such time, including the requirements of state corporate law applicable to payment of dividends and distributions, and regulatory requirements, including restrictions on the ability of ppl electric, lg&e and ku to pay dividends under section 305(a) of the federal power act.
because ppl and lke are holding companies, their debt and guaranty obligations are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of their subsidiaries. although certain agreements to which certain subsidiaries are parties limit their ability to incur additional indebtedness, ppl and lke and their subsidiaries retain the ability to incur substantial additional indebtedness and other liabilities. therefore, ppl's and lke's rights and the rights of their creditors, including rights of debt holders, to participate in the assets of any of their subsidiaries, in the event that such a subsidiary is liquidated or reorganized, will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary's creditors.
c. risks related to domestic regulated utility operations our domestic regulated utility businesses face many of the same risks, in addition to those risks that are unique to each of the kentucky regulated and pennsylvania regulated segments. set forth below are risk factors common to both domestic regulated segments, followed by sections identifying separately the risks specific to each of these segments.
our profitability is highly dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers and earn an adequate return on our capital investments. regulators may not approve the rates we request and existing rates may be challenged.
the rates we charge our utility customers must be approved by one or more federal or state regulatory commissions, including the ferc, kpsc, vscc and puc. although rate regulation is generally premised on the recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that regulatory authorities will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process by which rates are determined will always result in rates that achieve full or timely recovery of our costs or an adequate return on our capital investments. federal or state agencies, intervenors and other permitted parties may challenge our current or future rate requests, structures or mechanisms, and ultimately reduce, alter or limit the rates we receive. although our rates are generally regulated based on an analysis of our costs incurred in a base year or on future projected costs, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs at any given time. our domestic regulated utility businesses are subject to substantial capital expenditure requirements over the next several years, which will likely require rate increase requests to the regulators. if our costs are not adequately recovered through rates, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our domestic utility businesses are subject to significant and complex governmental regulation.
in addition to regulating the rates we charge, various federal and state regulatory authorities regulate many aspects of our domestic utility operations, including:
•   the terms and conditions of our service and operations;
•   financial and capital structure matters;
•   siting, construction and operation of facilities;
•   mandatory reliability and safety standards under the energy policy act of 2005 and other standards of conduct;
•   accounting, depreciation and cost allocation methodologies;
•   acquisition and disposal of utility assets and issuance of securities; and
such regulations or changes thereto may subject us to higher operating costs or increased capital expenditures and failure to comply could result in sanctions or possible penalties which may not be recoverable from customers.
our domestic regulated businesses undertake significant capital projects and these activities are subject to unforeseen costs, delays or failures, as well as risk of inadequate recovery of resulting costs.
the domestic regulated utility businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in energy generation (in the case of lg&e and ku) and transmission, distribution and other infrastructure projects, such as projects for environmental compliance and system reliability. the completion of these projects without delays or cost overruns is subject to risks in many areas, including:
•   land acquisition and the availability of suitable land;
•   contractor performance.
failure to complete our capital projects on schedule or on budget, or at all, could adversely affect our financial performance, operations and future growth if such expenditures are not granted rate recovery by our regulators.
we are or may be subject to costs of remediation of environmental contamination at facilities owned or operated by our former subsidiaries.
we may be subject to liability for the costs of environmental remediation of property now or formerly owned by us with respect to substances that we may have generated regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we owned or operated the facilities. we also have current or previous ownership interests in sites associated with the production of manufactured gas for which we may be liable for additional costs related to investigation, remediation and monitoring of these sites. remediation activities associated with our former manufactured gas plant operations are one source of such costs. citizen groups or others may bring litigation regarding environmental issues including claims of various types, such as property damage, personal injury and citizen challenges to compliance decisions on the enforcement of environmental requirements, which could subject us to penalties, injunctive relief and the cost of litigation. we cannot predict the amount and timing of all future expenditures (including the potential or magnitude of fines or penalties) related to such environmental matters, although they could be material.
d. risks specific to kentucky regulated segment
we are subject to financial, operational, regulatory and other risks related to requirements, developments and uncertainties in environmental regulation, including those affecting coal-fired generation facilities.
extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to lg&e's and ku's generation supply, including its air emissions, water discharges (elgs) and the management of hazardous and solid wastes (ccrs), among other business-related activities, and the costs of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted but could be material. in addition, our costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws, regulations or similar rules are expanded or changed as the environmental standards governing lg&e's and ku's businesses, particularly as applicable to coal-fired generation and related activities, continue to be subject to uncertainties due to rulemaking and other regulatory developments, legislative activities and litigation, administrative or permit challenges. depending on the extent, frequency and timing of such changes, the companies may face higher risks of unsuccessful implementation of environmental-related business plans, noncompliance with applicable environmental rules, delayed or incomplete rate recovery or increased costs of implementation. costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or forfeitures, operational changes, permit limitations or other restrictions. at some of our older generating facilities it may be uneconomic for us to install necessary pollution control equipment, which could cause us to retire those units. market prices for energy and capacity also affect this cost-effectiveness analysis. many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of our key suppliers or customers, such as coal producers, power producers and industrial power users, and may impact the costs of their products and demand for our services.
we are subject to operational, regulatory and other risks regarding natural gas supply infrastructure.
a natural gas pipeline explosion or associated incident could have a significant impact on lg&e's natural gas operations or result in significant damages and penalties that could have an adverse impact on lg&e's financial position and results of operations. the pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration enforces regulations that govern the design, construction, operation and maintenance of pipeline facilities. failure to comply with these regulations could result in the assessment of fines or penalties against lg&e. these regulations require, among other things, that pipeline operators engage in a pipeline integrity program. depending on the results of these integrity tests and other integrity program activities, we could incur significant and unexpected costs to perform remedial activities on our natural gas infrastructure to ensure our continued safe and reliable operation. recent pipeline incidents in the u.s. have also led to the introduction of proposed rules and possible federal legislative actions which could impose restrictions on lg&e's operations or require more stringent testing to ensure pipeline integrity. implementation of these regulations could increase our costs to comply with pipeline integrity and safety regulations.
e. risks specific to pennsylvania regulated segment
we face competition for transmission projects, which could adversely affect our rate base growth.
ferc order 1000, issued in july 2011, establishes certain procedural and substantive requirements relating to participation, cost allocation and non-incumbent developer aspects of regional and inter-regional electricity transmission planning activities. the ppl electric transmission business, operating under a ferc-approved pjm open access transmission tariff, is subject to competition pursuant to ferc order 1000 from entities that are not incumbent pjm transmission owners with respect to the construction and ownership of transmission facilities within pjm. increased competition can result in lower rate base growth.
ppl electric is subject to act 129, which contains requirements for energy efficiency and conservation programs and for the use of smart metering technology, imposes plr electricity supply procurement rules, provides remedies for market misconduct, and made changes to the existing alternative energy portfolio standard. the law also requires electric utilities to meet specified goals for reduction in customer electricity usage and peak demand. utilities not meeting these act 129 requirements are subject to significant penalties that cannot be recovered in rates. numerous factors outside of our control could prevent compliance with these requirements and result in penalties to us.
f. risks related to all segments
the operation of our businesses is subject to cyber-based security and data integrity risks.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of our businesses are dependent on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems. the operation of our transmission and distribution systems, as well as our generation plants, are all reliant on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, subject to the risk that these systems could be the target of disruptive actions by terrorists or criminals or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events. as a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information lost or stolen, causing us to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damage to our reputation. in addition, under the energy policy act of 2005, users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including ppl electric, lg&e and ku, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by nerc and enforced by ferc. as an operator of natural gas distribution systems, lg&e is also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the u.s. department of transportation. failure to comply with these standards could result in the imposition of fines or civil penalties, and potential exposure to third party claims for alleged violations of the standards.
we are subject to risks associated with federal and state tax laws and regulations.
changes in tax law as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows. we are required to make judgments in order to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, property, gross receipts, franchise, sales and use, employment-related and other taxes. we also estimate our ability to utilize deferred tax assets and tax credits. dependent upon the revenue needs of the jurisdictions in which our businesses operate, various tax and fee increases may be proposed or considered. we cannot predict changes in tax law or regulation or the effect of any such changes on our businesses. any such changes could increase tax expense and could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. we have completed or made reasonable estimates of the effects of the tcja reflected in our december 31, 2018 financial statements, and we continue to evaluate the application of the law in calculating income tax expense.
increases in electricity prices and/or a weak economy, can lead to changes in legislative and regulatory policy, including the promotion of energy efficiency, conservation and distributed generation or self-generation, which may adversely impact our business.
energy consumption is significantly impacted by overall levels of economic activity and costs of energy supplies. economic downturns or periods of high energy supply costs can lead to changes in or the development of legislative and regulatory policy designed to promote reductions in energy consumption and increased energy efficiency, alternative and renewable energy sources, and distributed or self-generation by customers. this focus on conservation, energy efficiency and self-generation may result in a decline in electricity demand, which could adversely affect our business.
we could be negatively affected by rising interest rates, downgrades to our credit ratings, adverse credit market conditions or other negative developments in our ability to access capital markets.
our businesses are capital-intensive and, in the ordinary course of business, we are reliant upon adequate long-term and short-term financing to fund our significant capital expenditures, debt service and operating needs. as a result, we are sensitive to developments in interest rates, credit rating considerations, insurance, security or collateral requirements, market liquidity and credit availability and refinancing opportunities necessary or advisable to respond to credit market changes. changes in these conditions could result in increased costs and decreased availability of credit. in addition, certain sources of debt and equity capital have expressed reservations about investing in companies that rely on fossil fuels. if sources of our capital are reduced, capital costs could increase materially.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively affect our ability to access capital and increase the cost of maintaining our credit facilities and any new debt.
credit ratings assigned by moody's and s&p to our businesses and their financial obligations have a significant impact on the cost of capital incurred by our businesses. a ratings downgrade could increase our short-term borrowing costs and negatively affect our ability to fund liquidity needs and access new long-term debt at acceptable interest rates. see "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - financial condition - liquidity and capital resources - ratings triggers" for additional information on the financial impact of a downgrade in our credit ratings.
our operating revenues could fluctuate on a seasonal basis, especially as a result of extreme weather conditions.
our businesses are subject to seasonal demand cycles. for example, in some markets demand for, and market prices of, electricity peak during hot summer months, while in other markets such peaks occur in cold winter months. as a result, our overall operating results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis if weather conditions diverge adversely from seasonal norms.
operating expenses could be affected by weather conditions, including storms, as well as by significant man-made or accidental disturbances, including terrorism or natural disasters.
weather and other factors can significantly affect our profitability or operations by causing outages, damaging infrastructure and requiring significant repair costs. storm outages and damage often directly decrease revenues and increase expenses, due to reduced usage and restoration costs.
our businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change.
climate change may produce changes in weather or other environmental conditions, including temperature or precipitation levels, and thus may impact consumer demand for electricity. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events, could disrupt our operations and cause us to incur significant costs to prepare for or respond to these effects. these or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or power purchase costs. greenhouse gas regulation could increase the cost of electricity, particularly power generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could have a depressive effect on regional economies. reduced economic and consumer activity in our service areas -- both generally and specific to certain industries and consumers accustomed to previously lower cost power -- could reduce demand for the power we generate, market and deliver. also, demand for our energy-related services could be similarly lowered by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage.
we cannot predict the outcome of legal proceedings or investigations related to our businesses in which we are periodically involved. an unfavorable outcome or determination in any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation and periodically are subject to state and federal investigations arising out of our business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in item 1. business and "regulatory matters" in note 7 to the financial statements and in "legal matters" and "regulatory issues" in note 13 to the financial statements. we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, nor can we reasonably estimate the costs or liabilities that could potentially result from a negative outcome in each case.
significant increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including health care and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and liquidity.
we continually focus on limiting and reducing our operation and maintenance expenses. however, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures in our operations. increased costs of materials and labor may result from general inflation, increased regulatory requirements (especially in respect of environmental regulations), the need for higher-cost expertise in the workforce or other factors. in addition, pursuant to collective bargaining agreements, we are contractually committed to provide specified levels of health care and pension benefits to certain current employees and retirees. these benefits give rise to significant expenses. due to general inflation with respect to such costs, the aging demographics of our workforce and other factors, we have experienced significant health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken and expect to take to require employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits. in addition, we expect to continue to incur significant costs with respect to the defined benefit pension plans for our employees and retirees. the measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations, costs and liabilities is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, most of which relate to factors beyond our control. these assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, health care cost trends, inflation rates, benefit improvements, salary increases and the demographics of plan participants. if our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our future costs and cash contribution requirements to fund these benefits could increase significantly.
in connection with various divestitures, and certain other transactions, we have indemnified or guaranteed parties against certain liabilities. these indemnities and guarantees relate, among other things, to liabilities which may arise with respect to the period during which we or our subsidiaries operated a divested business, and to certain ongoing contractual relationships and entitlements with respect to which we or our subsidiaries made commitments in connection with the divestiture. see "guarantees and other assurances" in note 13 to the financial statements.
we are subject to liability risks relating to our generation, transmission and distribution operations.
the conduct of our physical and commercial operations subjects us to many risks, including risks of potential physical injury, property damage or other financial liability, caused to or by employees, customers, contractors, vendors, contractual or financial counterparties and other third parties.
our facilities may not operate as planned, which may increase our expenses and decrease our revenues and have an adverse effect on our financial performance.
operation of power plants, transmission and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other assets and activities subjects us to a variety of risks, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, accidents, security breaches, viruses or outages affecting information technology systems, labor disputes, obsolescence, delivery/transportation problems and disruptions of fuel supply and performance below expected levels. these events may impact our ability to conduct our businesses efficiently and lead to increased costs, expenses or losses. operation of our delivery systems below our expectations may result in lost revenue and increased expense, including higher maintenance costs, which may not be recoverable from customers. planned and unplanned outages at our power plants may require us to purchase power at then-current market prices to satisfy our commitments or, in the alternative, pay penalties and damages for failure to satisfy them.
although we maintain insurance coverage for certain of these risks, we do not carry insurance for all of these risks and no assurance can be given that such insurance coverage will be sufficient to compensate us in the event losses occur.
we are required to obtain, and to comply with, numerous permits, approvals, licenses and certificates from governmental agencies. the process of obtaining and renewing necessary permits can be lengthy and complex and sometimes result in the establishment of permit conditions that make the project or activity for which a permit was sought unprofitable or otherwise unattractive. in addition, such permits or approvals may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under circumstances. failure to obtain or comply with the conditions of permits or approvals, or failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, may result in delay or temporary suspension of our operations and electricity sales or the curtailment of our power delivery and may subject us to penalties and other sanctions. although various regulators routinely renew existing licenses, renewal could be denied or jeopardized by various factors, including failure to provide adequate financial assurance for closure; failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or permit conditions; local community, political or other opposition; and executive, legislative or regulatory action.
our cost or inability to obtain and comply with the permits and approvals required for our operations could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cash flows. in addition, new environmental legislation or regulations, if enacted, or changed interpretations of existing laws may elicit claims that historical routine modification activities at our facilities violated applicable laws and regulations. in addition to the possible imposition of fines in such cases, we may be required to undertake significant capital investments in pollution control technology and obtain additional operating permits or approvals, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
war, other armed conflicts or terrorist attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business.
war, terrorist attacks and unrest have caused and may continue to cause instability in the world's financial and commercial markets and have contributed to high levels of volatility in prices for oil and gas. in addition, unrest in the middle east could lead to acts of terrorism in the united states, the united kingdom or elsewhere, and acts of terrorism could be directed against companies such as ours. armed conflicts and terrorism and their effects on us or our markets may significantly affect our business and results of operations in the future. in addition, we may incur increased costs for security, including additional physical plant security and security personnel or additional capability following a terrorist incident.
we are subject to counterparty performance, credit or other risk in the provision of goods or services to us, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities or conduct business activities.
we purchase from a variety of suppliers energy, capacity, fuel, natural gas, transmission service and certain commodities used in the physical operation of our businesses, as well as goods or services, including information technology rights and services, used in the administration of our businesses. delivery of these goods and services is dependent on the continuing operational performance and financial viability of our contractual counterparties and also the markets, infrastructure or third parties they use to provide such goods and services to us. as a result, we are subject to risks of disruptions, curtailments or increased costs in the operation of our businesses if such goods or services are unavailable or become subject to price spikes or if a counterparty fails to perform. such disruptions could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities or deliver services and collect revenues, which could result in lower sales and/or higher costs and thereby adversely affect our results of operations. the performance of coal markets and producers may be the subject of increased counterparty risk to lke, lg&e and ku currently due to weaknesses in such markets and suppliers. the coal industry is subject to increasing competitive pressures from natural gas markets, political pressures and new or more stringent environmental regulation, including regulation of combustion byproducts and water inputs or discharges.
we are subject to the risk that our workforce and its knowledge base may become depleted in coming years.
we are experiencing an increase in attrition due primarily to the number of retiring employees, with the risk that critical knowledge will be lost and that it may be difficult to replace departed personnel, and to attract and retain new personnel, with appropriate skills and experience, due to an increase in competition for such workers.
item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
this "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" is separately filed by ppl, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku. information contained herein relating to any individual registrant is filed by such registrant solely on its own behalf, and no registrant makes any representation as to information relating to any other registrant. the specific registrant to which disclosures are applicable is identified in parenthetical headings in italics above the applicable disclosure or within the applicable disclosure for each registrant's related activities and disclosures. within combined disclosures, amounts are disclosed for individual registrants when significant.
the following should be read in conjunction with the registrants' consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. capitalized terms and abbreviations are defined in the glossary. dollars are in millions, except per share data, unless otherwise noted.
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" includes the following information:
•   "overview" provides a description of each registrant's business strategy and a discussion of important financial and operational developments.
•   "results of operations" for all registrants includes a "statement of income analysis," which discusses significant changes in principal line items on the statements of income, comparing 2019 with 2018. for ppl, "results of operations" also includes "segment earnings" and "adjusted gross margins" which provide a detailed analysis of earnings by reportable segment. these discussions include non-gaap financial measures, including "earnings from ongoing operations" and "adjusted gross margins" and provide explanations of the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measures to the most comparable gaap measure. the "2020 outlook" discussion identifies key factors expected to impact 2020 earnings.
•   "financial condition - liquidity and capital resources" provides an analysis of the registrants' liquidity positions and credit profiles. this section also includes a discussion of forecasted sources and uses of cash and rating agency actions.
•   "financial condition - risk management" provides an explanation of the registrants' risk management programs relating to market and credit risk.
•   "application of critical accounting policies" provides an overview of the accounting policies that are particularly important to the results of operations and financial condition of the registrants and that require their management to make significant estimates, assumptions and other judgments of inherently uncertain matters.
for comparison of the registrants' results of operations and cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2018 to december 31, 2017, refer to "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the 2018 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 14, 2019.
overview for a description of the registrants and their businesses, see "item 1. business."
business strategy
ppl operates seven fully regulated high-performing utilities. these utilities are located in the u.k., pennsylvania and kentucky, constructive regulatory jurisdictions with distinct regulatory structures and customer classes. ppl believes this business portfolio positions the company well for continued success and provides earnings and dividend growth potential.
ppl's strategy, and that of the other registrants, is to deliver best-in-sector operational performance, invest in a sustainable energy future, maintain a strong financial foundation, and engage and develop its people. ppl's business plan is designed to achieve growth by providing efficient, reliable and safe operations and strong customer service, maintaining constructive regulatory relationships and achieving timely recovery of costs. these businesses are expected to achieve strong, long-term growth in rate base in the u.s. and rav in the u.k. rate base growth is being driven by planned significant capital expenditures to maintain existing assets and improve system reliability and, for lke, lg&e and ku, to comply with federal and state environmental regulations related to coal-fired electricity generation facilities.
for the u.s. businesses, central to ppl's strategy is recovering capital project costs efficiently through various rate-making mechanisms, including periodic base rate case proceedings using forward test years, annual ferc formula rate mechanisms and other regulatory agency-approved recovery mechanisms designed to limit regulatory lag. in kentucky, the kpsc has adopted a series of regulatory mechanisms (ecr, dsm, glt, fuel adjustment clause and gas supply clause) and recovery on construction work-in-progress that reduce regulatory lag and provide timely recovery of and return on, as appropriate, prudently incurred costs. in addition, the kpsc requires a utility to obtain a cpcn prior to constructing a facility, unless the construction is an ordinary extension of existing facilities in the usual course of business or does not involve sufficient capital expenditures to materially affect the utility's financial condition. although such kpsc proceedings do not directly address cost recovery issues, the kpsc, in awarding a cpcn, concludes that the public convenience and necessity require the construction of the facility on the basis that the facility is the lowest reasonable cost alternative to address the need. in pennsylvania, the ferc transmission formula rate, dsic mechanism, smart meter rider and other recovery mechanisms are in place to reduce regulatory lag and provide for timely recovery of and a return on, as appropriate, prudently incurred costs.
to manage financing costs and access to credit markets, and to fund capital expenditures, a key objective of the registrants is to maintain their investment grade credit ratings and adequate liquidity positions. in addition, the registrants have financial and operational risk management programs that, among other things, are designed to monitor and manage exposure to earnings and cash flow volatility, as applicable, related to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and counterparty credit quality. to manage these risks, ppl generally uses contracts such as forwards, options and swaps. see "financial condition - risk management" below for further information.
earnings generated by ppl's u.k. subsidiaries are subject to foreign currency translation risk. because wpd's earnings represent such a significant portion of ppl's consolidated earnings, ppl enters into foreign currency contracts to economically hedge the value of the gbp versus the u.s. dollar. these hedges do not receive hedge accounting treatment under gaap. see "financial and operational developments - u.k. membership in european union" for additional discussion of the u.k. earnings hedging activity.
the u.k. subsidiaries also have currency exposure to the u.s. dollar to the extent of their u.s. dollar denominated debt. to manage these risks, ppl generally uses contracts such as forwards, options and cross-currency swaps that contain characteristics of both interest rate and foreign currency exchange contracts.
as discussed above, a key component of this strategy is to maintain constructive relationships with regulators in all jurisdictions in which the registrants operate (u.k., u.s. federal and state). this is supported by a strong culture of integrity and delivering on commitments to customers, regulators and shareowners, and a commitment to continue to improve customer service, reliability and operational efficiency.
financial and operational developments u.s. tax reform (all registrants)
the irs issued proposed regulations for certain provisions of the tcja in 2018, including interest deductibility and global intangible low-taxed income (gilti). in 2019, final and new proposed regulations were issued relating to the gilti provisions. ppl has determined that neither the final or new proposed regulations materially change ppl's conclusion that currently no incremental tax arises under these rules. proposed regulations relating to the limitation on the deductibility of interest expense were issued in november 2018 and such regulations provide detailed rules implementing the broader statutory provisions. these proposed regulations should not apply to the registrants until the year in which the regulations are issued in final form, which is expected to be in 2020. it is uncertain what form the final regulations will take and, therefore, the registrants cannot predict what impact the final regulations will have on the tax deductibility of interest expense. however, if the proposed regulations were issued as final in their current form, the registrants could have a limitation on a portion of their interest expense deduction for tax purposes and such limitation could be significant. ppl expressed its views on these proposed regulations in a comment letter addressed to the irs on february 26, 2019.
following the june 2016 referendum, on march 29, 2017, the u.k. government invoked article 50 (article 50) of the lisbon treaty, formally beginning the two-year period provided by article 50 for the u.k. to negotiate an agreement specifying the terms of its withdrawal from the european union (eu), popularly referred to as brexit. after repeated extensions, on october 28, 2019, the eu agreed to extend the article 50 process until january 31, 2020. the u.k. parliament subsequently approved an early general election for december 12, 2019, which resulted in a substantial conservative party parliamentary majority and subsequent u.k. and eu parliamentary votes to approve the eu withdrawal agreement negotiated by prime minister boris johnson.
the u.k. formally left the eu on january 31, 2020 with agreed upon withdrawal terms, entering a transition period that is scheduled to end on december 31, 2020. during the transition period, the u.k. will seek to negotiate a free trade arrangement with the eu and also negotiate new trade terms with countries outside of the eu. significant uncertainty continues to surround the outcome of the transition period. ppl believes that its greatest risk related to the remaining brexit uncertainties is an extended period of depressed value of the gbp or the potential further decline in the value of the gbp compared to the u.s. dollar. a decline in the value of the gbp compared to the u.s. dollar will reduce the value of wpd's earnings to ppl.
ppl has executed hedges to mitigate the foreign exchange risk to its u.k. earnings. as of january 31, 2020, ppl's foreign exchange exposure related to budgeted earnings is 90% hedged for 2020 at an average rate of $1.48 per gbp and 5% hedged for 2021 at an average rate of $1.33 per gbp.
ppl cannot predict the impact, in either the short-term or long-term, on foreign exchange rates or ppl's financial condition that may be experienced as a result of the actions taken by the u.k. government to withdraw from the eu, although such impacts could be material.
ppl does not expect the financial condition and results of operations of wpd, itself, to change significantly as a result of brexit. the regulatory environment and operation of wpd's businesses are not expected to change. riio-ed1, the current price control, with allowed revenues agreed with ofgem runs through march 2023. the impact of a slower economy or recession on wpd would be mitigated in part because u.k. regulation provides that any reduction in the volume of electricity delivered will be recovered in allowed revenues in future periods through the k-factor adjustment. see "item 1. business - segment information - u.k. regulated segment" for additional information on the current price control and k-factor adjustment. in addition, an increase in inflation would have a positive effect on revenues and rav as annual inflation adjustments are applied to both revenues and rav (and real returns are earned on inflated rav). this impact, however, would be partially offset by higher operation and maintenance and interest expense on index-linked debt. with respect to access to financing, wpd has substantial borrowing capacity under existing credit facilities and expects to continue to have access to all major financial markets. with respect to access to and cost of equipment and other materials, wpd management continues to review u.k. government issued advice on preparations for brexit and has taken actions to mitigate potential increasing costs and disruption to its critical sources of supply. additionally, less than 1% of wpd's employees are non-u.k. eu nationals and no change in their domicile is expected.
the registrants cannot predict the impact that future regulatory requirements may have on their financial condition or results of operations.
the businesses of lke, lg&e and ku are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws, rules and regulations, including those pertaining to ccrs, ghg, and elgs. see "item 1. business" and notes 7, 13 and 19 to the financial statements for a discussion of these significant environmental matters. these and other environmental requirements led ppl, lke, lg&e and ku to retire approximately 1,000 mw of coal-fired generating plants in kentucky since 2015.
tcja impact on ferc rates (all registrants)
in november 2019, the ferc published final rules providing that public utility transmission providers include mechanisms in their formula rates to deduct excess adit from, or add deficient adit to, rate base and adjust their income tax allowances by amortized excess or deficient adit, and to make a related compliance filing.
in february 2019, ppl electric filed with the ferc proposed revisions to its transmission formula rate template pursuant to section 205 of the federal power act and section 35.13 of the ferc rules and regulations. specifically, ppl electric proposed to modify its formula rate to permit the return or recovery of excess or deficient adit resulting from the tcja and permit ppl electric to prospectively account for the income tax expense associated with the depreciation of the equity component of the afudc. in april 2019, the ferc accepted the proposed revisions to the formula rate template, which were effective june 1, 2019, as well as the proposed adjustments to adit, effective january 1, 2018.
in february 2019, in connection with the requirements of the tcja and kentucky hb 487, lg&e and ku filed a request with the ferc to amend their transmission formula rates resulting from the laws' reductions to corporate income tax rates. the ferc approved this request effective june 1, 2019. lg&e and ku are currently reviewing the final rule and will submit a compliance filing addressing excess adit by june 1, 2020. lg&e and ku do not anticipate the impact of the tcja and kentucky hb 487 related to their ferc-jurisdictional rates to be significant.
pennsylvania alternative ratemaking (ppl and ppl electric)
in june 2018, governor tom wolf signed into law act 58 of 2018 (codified at 66 pa. c.s. § 1330) authorizing public utilities to implement alternative rates and rate mechanisms in base rate proceedings before the puc. the effective date of act 58 was august 27, 2018. under the new law, a public utility may file an application to establish alternative rates and rate mechanisms in a base rate proceeding. these alternative rates and rate mechanisms include, but are not limited to, decoupling mechanisms, performance-based rates, formula rates, multi-year rate plans, or a combination of those or other mechanisms.
on april 25, 2019, the puc issued an implementation order adopting its interpretation and implementation of act 58 and establishing the procedures through which utilities may seek puc approval of alternative rates and rate mechanisms.
in 2018, ofgem issued its consultation document on the riio-2 framework, covering all u.k. gas and electricity transmission and distribution price controls. the current electricity distribution price control, riio-ed1, continues through march 31, 2023 and will not be impacted by the riio-2 consultation process. later in 2018, ofgem published its decision following its riio-2 framework consultation after consideration of comments received including those from wpd and ppl.
in august 2019, ofgem published an open letter seeking views on its proposed sector specific approach on the riio-ed2 framework. wpd and ppl provided responses to this open letter. in december 2019, ofgem published its decision on the riio-ed2 framework, thus confirming the following points in its riio-2 and riio-ed2 framework decision documents:
•   the baseline allowed return on equity will be set using the same methodology in all riio-2 sectors. the new methodology includes; (a) an equity indexation, whereby the allowed return on equity is updated to reflect changes in the risk-free rate, and (b) potentially setting the allowed return 0.5% below the expected return.
•   the early settlement process (fast tracking) will be removed and replaced with an alternative mechanism to incentivize high-quality, rigorous and ambitious business plans.
•   a new enhanced engagement model will be introduced requiring distribution companies to set up a customer engagement group to provide ofgem with a public report of local stakeholders' views on the companies' business plans. ofgem will also establish an independent riio-2 challenge group comprised of consumer experts to provide ofgem with a public report on companies' business plans.
•   there will be no change to the existing depreciation policy of using economic asset lives as the basis for depreciating rav as part of base revenue calculations. wpd is currently transitioning to 45-year asset lives for new additions in riio-ed1 based on ofgem's extensive review of asset lives in riio-ed1.
•   a focus of riio-2 will be on whole-system outcomes. ofgem intends network companies and system operators working together to ensure the energy system as a whole is efficient and delivers the best value to consumers. ofgem is undertaking further work to clarify the definition of whole-system and the appropriate roles of the network companies in supporting this objective. ofgem is still undecided on how dso functions are to be treated. ofgem will include a dso reopener to reassess progress made in the establishment of dso activities.
ofgem will now shift focus to the development of the riio-ed2 price control methodology, with the consultation expected to be published by the third quarter of 2020. wpd and ppl continue to be fully engaged in the riio-ed2 process. ppl cannot predict the outcome of this process or the long-term impact the final riio-ed2 price control will have on its financial condition or results of operations. any decision for riio-ed2 will not be finalized until november 2022. the riio-ed2 price control will come into effect on april 1, 2023.
in 2018, lg&e and ku applied to the ferc requesting elimination of certain on-going credits to a sub-set of transmission customers relating to the 1998 merger of lg&e's and ku's parent entities and the 2006 withdrawal of lg&e and ku from the midcontinent independent system operator, inc. (miso), a regional transmission operator and energy market. the application seeks termination of lg&e's and ku's commitment to provide certain kentucky municipalities mitigation for certain horizontal market power concerns arising out of the 1998 lg&e and ku merger and 2006 miso withdrawal. the amounts at issue are generally waivers or credits granted to a limited number of kentucky municipalities for either certain lg&e and ku or miso transmission charges incurred for transmission service received. due to the development of robust, accessible energy markets over time, lg&e and ku believe the mitigation commitments are no longer relevant or appropriate. in march 2019, the ferc granted lg&e's and ku's request to remove the on-going credits, conditioned upon the implementation by lg&e and ku of a transition mechanism for certain existing power supply arrangements, subject to ferc review and approval. in july 2019, lg&e and ku proposed their transition mechanism to the ferc and in september 2019, the ferc rejected the proposed transition mechanism and issued a separate order providing clarifications of certain aspects of the march order. in october 2019, lg&e and ku filed requests for rehearing and clarification on the two september orders. these rehearing requests are currently pending before ferc. additionally, certain petitions for review of ferc's orders have been filed by multiple parties, including lg&e and ku, at the d.c. circuit court of appeals. lg&e and ku cannot predict the outcome of the proceedings. lg&e and ku currently receive recovery of waivers and credits provided through other rate mechanisms.
in april 2019, ppl electric filed its annual transmission formula rate update with the ferc, reflecting a revised revenue requirement, which includes the impact of the tcja. the filing established the revenue requirement used to set rates that took effect in june 2019.
in september 2018, lg&e and ku filed requests with the kpsc for an increase in annual base electricity rates and gas rates and the elimination of the tcja bill credit mechanism. in april 2019, the kpsc issued orders eliminating the tcja bill credit mechanism and increasing annual base electricity and gas rates providing for an annual revenue increase of $187 million ($114 million at ku and $73 million at lg&e), based on a 9.725% return-on-equity. the new base rates and all elements of the orders became effective may 1, 2019. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information.
in july 2019, ku filed a request with the vscc for an increase in annual virginia base electricity revenues of approximately $13 million, representing an increase of 18.2%. in january 2020, ku reached a partial settlement agreement including an increase in annual virginia base electricity revenues of $9 million effective may 1, 2020, representing an increase of 12.9%. a hearing on the settlement of remaining issues was held in january 2020. a vscc ruling in the proceeding is expected in april 2020.
distribution of tcja savings
in november 2019, the puc approved ppl electric's october 2019 petition to distribute the $43 million of tcja tax savings for the period between january 1, 2018 and june 30, 2018 over the period january 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020.
results of operations
the "statement of income analysis" discussion below describes significant changes in principal line items on ppl's statements of income, comparing 2019 with 2018. the "segment earnings" and "adjusted gross margins" discussions for ppl provide a review of results by reportable segment. these discussions include non-gaap financial measures, including "earnings from ongoing operations" and "adjusted gross margins," and provide explanations of the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable gaap measure. the "2020 outlook" discussion identifies key factors expected to impact 2020 earnings.
tables analyzing changes in amounts between periods within "statement of income analysis," "segment earnings" and "adjusted gross margins" are presented on a constant gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate basis, where applicable, in order to isolate the impact of the change in the exchange rate on the item being explained. results computed on a constant gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate basis are calculated by translating current year results at the prior year weighted-average gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate.
a "statement of income analysis" is presented separately for ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku. the "statement of income analysis" discussion below describes significant changes in principal line items on the statements of income, comparing 2019 with 2018. the results of operations section for ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instructions (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
ppl: statement of income analysis, segment earnings and adjusted gross margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results:
change
operating revenues                   $7,769              $7,785                  $(16      )
operating expenses operation fuel                                    709                 799                   (90      )
other operation and maintenance       1,985               1,983                     2
total operating expenses              4,929               4,933                    (4      )
operating revenues the increase (decrease) in operating revenues was due to:
foreign currency exchange rates                     (116      )
(a)   the increase was primarily due to reconcilable cost recovery mechanisms approved by the puc.
(b)   the increase was primarily due to $77 million from returns on additional transmission capital investments partially offset by a $27 million unfavorable impact of the tcja, which reduced the new revenue requirement that went into effect june 1, 2018.
(c)   the decrease was due to the estimated income tax savings owed to or already returned to distribution customers related to the reduced u.s federal corporate income taxes as a result of the tcja. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information.
(d)   the increase was primarily due to higher base rates, inclusive of the termination of the tcja bill credit mechanism, effective may 1, 2019.
(e)   the increase was primarily due to higher returns on additional environmental capital investments and higher recoverable depreciation expense as a result of higher depreciation rates effective may 1, 2019.
(g)   the decrease was primarily due to the termination of eight supply contracts with kentucky municipalities on april 30, 2019.
(h)   the decrease was primarily due to lower recoveries of fuel and energy purchases due to lower commodity costs.
fuel fuel decreased $90 million in 2019 compared with 2018 at lke, primarily due to a $42 million decrease in commodity costs, a $33 million decrease in volumes driven by weather and a $20 million decrease in volumes driven by the termination of eight supply contracts with kentucky municipalities on april 30, 2019.
energy purchases energy purchases decreased $22 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to a $27 million decrease at lke (primarily due to a $14 million decrease in commodity costs and a $7 million decrease in gas volumes driven by weather in 2019), partially offset by a $5 million increase at ppl electric (primarily due to higher plr volumes of $33 million, partially offset by lower plr prices of $25 million).
other operation and maintenance the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
other operation and maintenance of safari energy (a)            20
foreign currency exchange rates                                (23      )
third-party engineering                                         (4      )
(a)   the increase is primarily due to 2019 including a full year of other operation and maintenance expense of safari energy, which was acquired on june 1, 2018.
foreign currency exchange rates           (13      )
economic foreign currency exchange contracts (note 17)         $(164      )
defined benefit plans - non-service credits (note 11)             59
foreign currency exchange rates           (20      )
change in pre-tax income                                                  $(24      )
deferred tax impact of kentucky state tax reform (a)                        (9      )
kentucky recycling credit, net of federal income tax expense (b)           (18      )
(b)   in 2019, lke recorded a deferred income tax benefit associated with two projects placed into service that prepare a generation waste material for reuse and, as a result, qualify for a kentucky recycling credit. the applicable credit provides tax benefits for a portion of the equipment costs for major recycling projects in kentucky.
see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
change
(a)   primarily represents financing and certain other costs incurred at the corporate level that have not been allocated or assigned to the segments, which are presented to reconcile segment information to ppl's consolidated results.
earnings from ongoing operations management utilizes "earnings from ongoing operations" as a non-gaap financial measure that should not be considered as an alternative to net income, an indicator of operating performance determined in accordance with gaap. ppl believes that earnings from ongoing operations is useful and meaningful to investors because it provides management's view of ppl's earnings performance as another criterion in making investment decisions. in addition, ppl's management uses earnings from ongoing operations in measuring achievement of certain corporate performance goals, including targets for certain executive incentive compensation. other companies may use different measures to present financial performance.
earnings from ongoing operations is adjusted for the impact of special items. special items are presented in the financial tables on an after-tax basis with the related income taxes on special items separately disclosed. income taxes on special items, when applicable, are calculated based on the statutory tax rate of the entity where the activity is recorded. special items may include items such as:
•   unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency economic hedges (as discussed below).
•   gains and losses on sales of assets not in the ordinary course of business.
•   impairment charges.
•   acquisition and divestiture-related adjustments.
•   other charges or credits that are, in management's view, non-recurring or otherwise not reflective of the company's ongoing operations.
unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency economic hedges include the changes in fair value of foreign currency contracts used to hedge gbp-denominated anticipated earnings. the changes in fair value of these contracts are recognized immediately within gaap earnings. management believes that excluding these amounts from earnings from ongoing operations until settlement of the contracts provides a better matching of the financial impacts of those contracts with the economic value of
ppl's underlying hedged earnings. see note 17 to the financial statements and "risk management" below for additional information on foreign currency economic activity.
change
see "reconciliation of earnings from ongoing operations" below for a reconciliation of this non-gaap financial measure to net income.
u.k. regulated segment the u.k. regulated segment consists of ppl global, which primarily includes wpd's regulated electricity distribution operations, the results of hedging the translation of wpd's earnings from gbp into u.s. dollars, and certain costs, such as u.s. income taxes, administrative costs, and certain acquisition-related financing costs. the u.k. regulated segment represents 56% of ppl's net income for 2019 and 39% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2019.
change
operating revenues                    $2,167              $2,268                $(101      )
other operation and maintenance          510                 538                  (28      )
total operating expenses                 887                 919                  (32      )
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, impacted the u.k. regulated segment's results and are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations:
foreign currency economic hedges, net of tax of $13, ($39) (a)   other income (expense) - net          $(51      )          $148
other, net of tax of $1, $0 (b)                                  other operation and maintenance       (4        )             -
death benefit, net of tax of $0, $1 (d)                          other operation and maintenance       -                      (5   )
(a)   unrealized gains (losses) on contracts that economically hedge anticipated gbp-denominated earnings.
(b)   settlement of a contractual dispute.
(c)   adjustments to certain provisional amounts recognized in the december 31, 2017 statement of income related to the enactment of the tcja.
(d)   primarily a payment related to the death of the wpd chief executive.
the changes in the components of the u.k. regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as u.k. adjusted gross margins, the items that management considers special and the effects of movements in foreign currency exchange, including the effects of foreign currency hedge contracts, on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line items.
other operation and maintenance                  3
foreign currency exchange, after-tax            12
•   see "adjusted gross margins - changes in adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of u.k. adjusted gross margins.
kentucky regulated segment the kentucky regulated segment consists primarily of lke's regulated electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations of lg&e and ku, as well as lg&e's regulated distribution and sale of natural gas. in addition, certain acquisition-related financing costs are allocated to the kentucky regulated segment. the kentucky regulated segment represents 25% of ppl's net income for 2019 and 34% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2019.
change
operating revenues                    $3,206              $3,214                  $(8      )
other operation and maintenance          861                 848                   13
total operating expenses               2,365               2,393                  (28      )
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, impacted the kentucky regulated segment's results and are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations:
(a)   adjustments to certain provisional amounts recognized in the december 31, 2017 statement of income related to the enactment of the tcja.
the changes in the components of the kentucky regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as kentucky adjusted gross margins and the items that management considers special on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line item.
other operation and maintenance            (19      )
•   see "adjusted gross margins - changes in adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of kentucky adjusted gross margins.
•   higher depreciation expense in 2019 compared with 2018 primarily due to a $15 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective may 1, 2019 and an $11 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements.
•   lower income taxes in 2019 compared with 2018 primarily due to the recording of a deferred income tax benefit related to a kentucky recycling credit.
pennsylvania regulated segment the pennsylvania regulated segment includes the regulated electricity transmission and distribution operations of ppl electric. in addition, certain costs are allocated to the pennsylvania regulated segment. the pennsylvania regulated segment represents 26% of ppl's net income for 2019 and 26% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2019.
change
operating revenues                    $2,358              $2,277                  $81
other operation and maintenance          566                 578                  (12      )
total operating expenses               1,613               1,583
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, impacted the pennsylvania regulated segment's results and are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations:
it transformation, net of tax of $0, $2 (a)   other operation and maintenance       $-              $(5     )
(a)   in june 2018, ppl eu services' it department announced an internal reorganization, which was substantially completed in the third quarter of 2018. as a result, $5 million of after-tax costs, which includes separation benefits as well as outside services for strategic consulting to establish the new it organization, were incurred.
the changes in the components of the pennsylvania regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as pennsylvania adjusted gross margins and the items that management considers special on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line items.
other operation and maintenance                 9
•   see "adjusted gross margins - changes in adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of pennsylvania adjusted gross margins.
•   higher depreciation expense in 2019 compared with 2018 primarily due to additional assets placed into service, related to the ongoing efforts to ensure the reliability of the delivery system and the replacement of aging infrastructure, net of retirements.
reconciliation of earnings from ongoing operations the following tables contain after-tax gains (losses), in total, which management considers special items, that are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations and a reconciliation to ppl's "net income" for the years ended december 31:
less: special items (expense) benefit:
foreign currency economic hedges, net of tax of $13         (51     )      -                    -                    -                          (51   )
talen litigation costs, net of tax of $1 (a)                  -            -                    -                    (5          )               (5   )
other, net of tax of $1                                      (4     )      -                    -                    -                           (4   )
less: special items (expense) benefit:
foreign currency economic hedges, net of tax of ($39)           148                       -             -                       -                                    148
it transformation, net of tax of $2                               -                       -             (5            )         -                                     (5   )
talen litigation costs, net of tax of $2 (a)                      -                       -             -                       (7                )                   (7   )
death benefit, net of tax of $1                                  (5      )                -             -                       -                                     (5   )
(a)   ppl incurred legal expenses related to litigation with its former affiliate, talen montana. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)   ppl recorded adjustments to certain provisional amounts recognized in the december 31, 2017 statement of income relating to the enactment of the tcja. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
adjusted gross margins management also utilizes the following non-gaap financial measures as indicators of performance for its businesses.
•   "u.k. adjusted gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity distribution operations of the u.k. regulated segment. in calculating this measure, direct costs such as connection charges from national grid, which owns and manages the electricity transmission network in england and wales, and ofgem license fees (recorded in "other operation and maintenance" on the statements of income) are deducted from operating revenues, as they are costs passed through to customers. as a result, this measure represents the net revenues from the delivery of electricity across wpd's distribution network in the u.k. and directly related activities.
•   "kentucky adjusted gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations of the kentucky regulated segment, as well as the kentucky regulated segment's distribution and sale of natural gas. in calculating this measure, fuel, energy purchases and certain variable costs of production (recorded in "other operation and maintenance" on the statements of income) are deducted from operating revenues. in addition, certain other expenses, recorded in "other operation and maintenance", "depreciation" and "taxes, other than income" on the statements of income, associated with approved cost recovery mechanisms are offset against the recovery of those expenses, which are included in revenues. these mechanisms allow for direct recovery of these expenses and, in some cases, returns on capital investments and performance incentives. as a result, this measure represents the net revenues from electricity and gas operations.
•   "pennsylvania adjusted gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity transmission and distribution operations of the pennsylvania regulated segment. in calculating this measure, utility revenues and expenses associated with approved recovery mechanisms, including energy provided as a plr, are offset with minimal impact on earnings. costs associated with these mechanisms are recorded in "energy purchases," "other operation and maintenance," (which are primarily act 129, storm damage and universal service program costs), "depreciation" (which is primarily related to the act 129 smart meter program) and "taxes, other than income," (which is primarily gross receipts tax) on the statements of income. this measure represents the net revenues from the pennsylvania regulated segment's electricity delivery operations.
these measures are not intended to replace "operating income," which is determined in accordance with gaap, as an indicator of overall operating performance. other companies may use different measures to analyze and report their results of operations. management believes these measures provide additional useful criteria to make investment decisions. these performance measures are used, in conjunction with other information, by senior management and ppl's board of directors to manage operations and analyze actual results compared with budget.
changes in adjusted gross margins the following table shows adjusted gross margins by ppl's reportable segments and by component, as applicable, for the year ended december 31 as well as the changes between periods. the factors that gave rise to the changes are described following the table:
change
impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates                                                                            (107      )
u.k. adjusted gross margins excluding impact of foreign currency exchange rates                                                  $16
u.k. adjusted gross margins u.k. adjusted gross margins, excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, increased in 2019 compared with 2018 primarily due to $83 million from the april 1, 2018 and 2019 price increases, partially offset by $64 million of lower volumes.
kentucky adjusted gross margins kentucky adjusted gross margins increased in 2019 compared with 2018 primarily due to higher retail rates approved by the kpsc of $123 million, inclusive of the termination of the tcja bill credit mechanism, and higher returns on additional environmental capital investments of $21 million. these increases were partially offset by $37 million of decreased sales volumes primarily due to weather and a $32 million decrease due to the termination of eight supply contracts with kentucky municipalities on april 30, 2019.
pennsylvania adjusted gross margins distribution distribution adjusted gross margins increased in 2019 compared with 2018 primarily due to returns on additional distribution system improvement capital investments of $10 million and returns on additional smart meter capital investments of $5 million, partially offset by a $12 million net of gross receipts tax impact of the estimated income tax savings owed to customers as a result of the impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21% as enacted by the tcja.
transmission transmission adjusted gross margins increased in 2019 compared with 2018 primarily due to an increase of $77 million from returns on additional transmission capital investments focused on replacing aging infrastructure and improving reliability, partially offset by $27 million from the impact of the reduced u.s. federal corporate income taxes as a result of the tcja in the first five months of 2019.
reconciliation of adjusted gross margins the following tables contain the components from the statement of income that are included in the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation to ppl's "operating income" for the years ended december 31:
u.k. adjustedgrossmargins                    kentucky adjusted grossmargins             pennsylvaniaadjusted grossmargins             other (a)            operatingincome (b)
operating revenues                $2,129                           (c)                    $3,206                                       $2,358                           $76                      $7,769
operating expenses fuel                              -                                                          709                                            -                             -                         709
other operation and maintenance   131                                                         92                                          125                         1,637                       1,985
total operating expenses          131                                                      1,095                                          831                         2,872                       4,929
u.k. adjustedgrossmargins                    kentucky adjusted grossmargins             pennsylvaniaadjusted grossmargins             other (a)            operatingincome (b)
operating revenues                $2,230                           (c)                    $3,214                                       $2,277                           $64                      $7,785
operating expenses fuel                              -                                                          799                                            -                             -                         799
other operation and maintenance   141                                                         98                                          121                         1,623                       1,983
total operating expenses          141                                                      1,173                                          804                         2,815                       4,933
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
(c)   2019 and 2018 exclude $38 million of ancillary revenues.
higher net income is projected in 2020 compared with 2019. the following projections and factors underlying these projections (on an after-tax basis) are provided for ppl's segments and the corporate and other category and the related registrants.
higher net income is projected in 2020 compared with 2019. excluding 2019 special items, the increase is driven primarily by higher base demand revenues and higher assumed gbp exchange rates, partially offset by lower true-up mechanisms, lower pension income and higher interest expense.
higher net income is projected in 2020 compared with 2019, driven primarily by higher retail rates, partially offset by higher depreciation expense and higher income tax expense.
higher net income is projected in 2020 compared with 2019, driven primarily by higher retail rates, partially offset by higher depreciation expense.
net income is projected in 2020 to be comparable with 2019, driven primarily by higher retail rates, offset by higher depreciation expense.
higher net income is projected in 2020 compared with 2019, driven primarily by higher returns on transmission investments and lower operation and maintenance expense, partially offset by higher depreciation expense.
lower costs are projected in 2020 compared with 2019, driven primarily by lower expenses and other factors.
earnings in future periods are subject to various risks and uncertainties. see "forward-looking information," "item 1. business," "item 1a. risk factors," the rest of this item 7, and notes 1, 7 and 13 to the financial statements (as applicable) for a discussion of the risks, uncertainties and factors that may impact future earnings.
ppl electric: statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results:
change
operating revenues                   $2,358              $2,277                  $81
operating expenses operation energy purchases                        549                 544                    5
other operation and maintenance         566                 578                  (12      )
total operating expenses              1,613               1,583                   30
operating revenues the increase (decrease) in operating revenues was due to:
(a)   distribution price variances were primarily due to reconcilable cost recovery mechanisms approved by the puc.
(b)   transmission formula rate revenues increased primarily due to $77 million from returns on additional transmission capital investments partially offset by a $27 million unfavorable impact of the tcja, which reduced the new revenue requirement that went into effect june 1, 2018.
(c)   represents the estimated income tax savings owed to or already returned to distribution customers related to the reduced u.s federal corporate income taxes as a result of the tcja. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information.
energy purchases energy purchases increased $5 million in 2019 compared with 2018. this increase was primarily due to higher plr volumes of $33 million, partially offset by lower plr prices of $25 million and lower transmission enhancement expenses of $3 million.
other operation and maintenance the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
contractor-related expenses             3
vegetation management                   2
support costs                           1
depreciation depreciation increased by $34 million in 2019 compared with 2018. this increase was primarily due to additional assets placed into service, related to the ongoing efforts to ensure the reliability of the delivery system and the replacement of aging infrastructure as well as the roll-out of the act 129 smart meter program, net of retirements.
interest expense interest expense increased $11 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to the june 2018 issuance of $400 million of 4.15% first mortgage bonds due 2048 and the september 2019 issuance of $400 million of 3.00% first mortgage bonds due 2049.
income taxes income taxes increased $13 million in 2019 compared with 2018. the increase was primarily due to a change in pre-tax income. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
lke: statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results:
change
operating revenues                   $3,206              $3,214                  $(8      )
operating expenses operation fuel                                    709                 799                  (90      )
other operation and maintenance         861                 848                   13
total operating expenses              2,365               2,393                  (28      )
operating revenues the increase (decrease) in operating revenues was due to:
(b)   the decrease was primarily due to the termination of eight supply contracts with kentucky municipalities on april 30, 2019.
(c)   the decrease was primarily due to lower recoveries of fuel and energy purchases due to lower commodity costs.
(d)   the increase was primarily due to higher base rates, inclusive of the termination of the tcja bill credit mechanism, effective may 1, 2019.
(e)   the increase was primarily due to higher returns on additional environmental capital investments and higher recoverable depreciation expense as a result of higher depreciation rates effective may 1, 2019.
fuel fuel decreased $90 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to a $42 million decrease in commodity costs, a $33 million decrease in volumes driven by weather and a $20 million decrease in volumes driven by the termination of eight supply contracts with kentucky municipalities on april 30, 2019.
depreciation depreciation increased $72 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to a $52 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective may 1, 2019 and a $15 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements.
kentucky recycling credit, net of federal income tax expense (a)          $(18      )
(a)   in 2019, lke recorded a deferred income tax benefit associated with two projects placed into service that prepare a generation waste material for reuse and, as a result, qualify for a kentucky recycling credit. the applicable credit provides tax benefits for a portion of the equipment costs for major recycling projects in kentucky.
see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
lg&e: statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results:
change
operating revenues retail and wholesale                  $1,473              $1,467                   $6
total operating revenues               1,500               1,496                    4
operating expenses operation fuel                                     289                 308                  (19      )
other operation and maintenance          387                 376                   11
total operating expenses               1,107               1,111                   (4      )
operating revenues the increase (decrease) in operating revenues was due to:
(a)   the increase was due to higher base rates, inclusive of the termination of the tcja bill credit mechanism, effective may 1, 2019.
(b)   the increase was primarily due to higher returns on additional environmental capital investments and higher recoverable depreciation expense as a result of higher depreciation rates effective may 1, 2019.
(d)   the decrease was primarily due to lower recoveries of fuel and energy purchases due to lower commodity costs.
depreciation depreciation increased $36 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to a $26 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective may 1, 2019 and a $9 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements.
ku: statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results:
change
operating revenues retail and wholesale                  $1,733              $1,747                 $(14      )
total operating revenues               1,740               1,760                  (20      )
operating expenses operation fuel                                     420                 491                  (71      )
other operation and maintenance          438                 441                   (3      )
total operating expenses               1,255               1,292                  (37      )
operating revenue the increase (decrease) in operating revenue was due to:
(a)   the decrease was primarily due to the termination of eight supply contracts with kentucky municipalities on april 30, 2019.
(c)   the decrease was primarily due to lower recoveries of fuel due to lower commodity costs.
(d)   the increase was due to higher base rates, inclusive of the termination of the tcja bill credit mechanism, effective may 1, 2019.
(e)   the increase was primarily due to higher returns on additional environmental capital investments and higher recoverable depreciation expense as a result of higher depreciation rates effective may 1, 2019.
fuel fuel decreased $71 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to a $32 million decrease in commodity costs, a $23 million decrease in volumes driven by weather and a $20 million decrease in volumes driven by the termination of eight supply contracts with kentucky municipalities on april 30, 2019.
depreciation depreciation increased $36 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to a $26 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective may 1, 2019 and a $6 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements.
financial condition the remainder of this item 7 in this form 10-k is presented on a combined basis, providing information, as applicable, for all registrants.
liquidity and capital resources
the registrants' cash flows from operations and access to cost effective bank and capital markets are subject to risks and uncertainties. see "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that could affect the registrants' cash flows.
(a)   at december 31, 2019, $155 million of cash and cash equivalents were denominated in gbp. if these amounts would be remitted as dividends, ppl would not anticipate an incremental u.s. tax cost. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on undistributed earnings of wpd.
net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31 and the changes between periods were as follows:
operating activities      $2,427                $913                  $938              $492              $553
operating activities      $2,821                $978                  $915              $443              $581
2019 vs. 2018 change operating activities       $(394   )            $(65     )             $23               $49              $(28   )
operating activities the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) operating activities were as follows:
change - cash provided (used):
working capital                     (451   )            (90     )         (181   )          (48    )         (126   )
defined benefit plan funding          11                  7                 97               55                51
other operating activities          (114   )              8                 20               10                 6
ppl cash provided by operating activities in 2019 decreased $394 million compared with 2018.
•   net income decreased $81 million between periods and included an increase in net non-cash charges of $241 million. the increase in net non-cash charges was primarily due to an increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to additional assets placed into service, related to the ongoing efforts to ensure reliability of the delivery system and the replacement of aging infrastructure, net of retirements and higher depreciation rates) and unrealized losses on hedging activities partially offset by an increase in the u.k. net periodic defined benefit credits (primarily due to lower levels of unrecognized losses being amortized) and a decrease in deferred income taxes (primarily due to book versus tax plant timing differences).
•   the $451 million decrease in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to a decrease in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments), an increase in net regulatory assets and liabilities (primarily due to the impact of the tcja and timing of recovery rate mechanisms), an increase in other current liabilities (primarily due to timing of payments and operating lease liability), an increase in unbilled revenue (primarily due to weather, higher retail rates effective may 1, 2019 and a change in pricing method in the model), an increase in fuel, materials and supplies (primarily due to inventory management) and an increase in other (primarily due to a decrease in taxes payable and a decrease in counter-party collateral partially offset by an increase in customer deposits).
•   the $114 million decrease in cash provided by other operating activities was primarily due to the $65 million transfer of excess benefit funds, in 2018, related to the favorable private letter ruling received by ppl from the irs permitting a transfer of excess funds from the ppl bargaining unit retiree health plan veba to a new sub-account within the veba, to be used to pay for medical claims of active bargaining unit employees, decrease in non-current regulatory liabilities (due to timing of rate recovery mechanisms) and an increase in other assets (primarily due to settlement of interest rate swaps and purchase of solar panels).
ppl electric's cash provided by operating activities in 2019 decreased $65 million compared with 2018.
•   net income increased $27 million between the periods and included a decrease in non-cash components of $17 million. the decrease in non-cash components was primarily due to a $35 million decrease in deferred income tax expense (due to book versus tax plant timing differences and federal net operating losses, partially offset by a book to tax timing difference related to the tcja regulatory liability) and a $15 million decrease in other (primarily due to an increase in afudc and a decrease in canceled projects), partially offset by a $34 million increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements, related to the ongoing efforts to ensure the reliability of the delivery system and the replacement of aging infrastructure as well as the roll-out of the act 129 smart meter program).
•   the $90 million decrease in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to an increase in net regulatory assets and liabilities (due to timing of rate recovery mechanisms), an increase in unbilled revenue (primarily due to a change in pricing method in the model), an increase in other net current assets and current liabilities (primarily due to an increase in 2019 material and supplies) and an increase in accounts receivable (primarily due to timing of receipts).
•   the $8 million increase in cash provided by other operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in non-current regulatory assets (due to timing of rate recovery mechanisms, amortization of storm costs incurred in the prior year and $22 million of storm costs incurred in 2018), partially offset by a decrease in non-current liabilities (primarily due to a $41 million tcja liability in 2018).
lke had a $23 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2019 compared with 2018.
•   net income increased $23 million between the periods and included an increase in non-cash components of $64 million. the increase in non-cash components was primarily driven by an increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to higher depreciation rates and additional assets placed into service, net of retirements).
•   the decrease in cash from changes in working capital was primarily driven by an increase in net regulatory assets and liabilities (primarily due to the impact of the tcja and timing of rate recovery mechanisms), a decrease in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments) and an increase in unbilled revenues (primarily due to weather).
•   defined benefit plan funding was $97 million lower in 2019.
•   the increase in cash provided by other operating activities was driven primarily by a decrease in other assets (primarily due to non-current regulatory asset increases as a result of significant storm activity in 2018).
lg&e had a $49 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2019 compared with 2018.
•   net income decreased $1 million between the periods and included an increase in non-cash components of $33 million. the increase in non-cash components was primarily driven by an increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to higher depreciation rates and additional assets placed into service, net of retirements).
•   the decrease in cash from changes in working capital was primarily driven by an increase in net regulatory assets and liabilities (primarily due to the impact of the tcja and timing of rate recovery mechanisms), a decrease in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments) and an increase in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues (primarily due to weather).
•   defined benefit plan funding was $55 million lower in 2019.
•   the increase in cash provided by other operating activities was driven primarily by a decrease in other assets (primarily due to non-current regulatory asset increases as a result of significant storm activity in 2018).
ku had a $28 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2019 compared with 2018.
•   net income increased $7 million between the periods and included an increase in non-cash components of $34 million. the increase in non-cash components was primarily driven by an increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to higher depreciation rates and additional assets placed into service, net of retirements).
•   the decrease in cash from changes in working capital was primarily driven by an increase in net regulatory assets and liabilities (primarily due to the impact of the tcja and timing of rate recovery mechanisms), a decrease in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments) and an increase in unbilled revenues (primarily due to weather).
•   defined benefit plan funding was $51 million lower in 2019.
the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) investing activities were as follows:
change - cash provided (used):
purchase of investments                  10       -                 -           -              -
proceeds from sale of investments        63       -                 -           -              -
for ppl, in 2019 compared with 2018, the decrease in expenditures was due to lower project expenditures at wpd, ppl electric, lke and lg&e, partially offset by higher project expenditures at ku. the decrease in expenditures at wpd was primarily due to a decrease in expenditures to enhance system reliability and a decrease in foreign currency exchange rates. the decrease in expenditures for ppl electric was primarily due to timing differences on capital spending projects related to ongoing efforts to improve reliability and replace aging infrastructure. the decrease in expenditures at lke was primarily due to decreased spending for environmental water projects at lg&e and ku's trimble county plant, lg&e's mill creek plant and ku's ghent plant, partially offset by spending on various other projects at ku that are not individually significant.
see "forecasted uses of cash" for detail regarding projected capital expenditures for the years 2020 through 2024.
the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) financing activities were as follows:
change - cash provided (used):
capital contributions/distributions, net                 (29         )              57       (58       )            23
changes in net short-term debt                (641   )   -                        (396   )   (121      )          (275   )
for ppl, in 2019 compared with 2018, cash provided by financing activities increased primarily as a result of an increase in cash required to fund capital and general corporate expenditures to offset a decrease in cash from operations of $394 million.
for ppl electric, in 2019 compared with 2018, cash provided by financing activities decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in cash required to fund capital and general expenditures.
for lke and lg&e, in 2019 compared with 2018, cash provided by financing activities decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in cash required to fund capital and general expenditures. for ku, in 2019 compared with 2018, cash provided by financing activities increased primarily as a result of an increase in cash required to fund capital and general expenditures.
see "long-term debt and equity securities" below for additional information on current year activity. see "forecasted sources of cash" for a discussion of the registrants' plans to issue debt and equity securities, as well as a discussion of credit facility capacity available to the registrants. also see "forecasted uses of cash" for a discussion of ppl's plans to pay dividends on common securities in the future, as well as the registrants' maturities of long-term debt.
debt   net stock issuances (a)           retirements   issuances cash flow impact:
(a)   issuances are net of pricing discounts, where applicable, and exclude the impact of debt issuance costs. includes debt issuances with affiliates.
see note 8 to the financial statements for additional long-term debt information.
equity securities activities equity forward contracts in may 2018, ppl completed a registered underwritten public offering of 55 million shares of its common stock. in conjunction with that offering, the underwriters exercised an option to purchase 8.25 million additional shares of ppl common stock solely to cover over-allotments.
in connection with the registered public offering, ppl entered into forward sale agreements with two counterparties covering the total 63.25 million shares of ppl common stock. under the forward sale agreements, ppl was obligated to settle these forward sale agreements no later than november 2019. the forward sale agreements were classified as equity transactions.
in september 2018, ppl settled a portion of the initial forward sale agreements by issuing 20 million shares of ppl common stock, resulting in net cash proceeds of $520 million. in november 2019, ppl settled the remaining 43.25 million shares of ppl common stock, resulting in net cash proceeds of $1.1 billion. the net proceeds received will be used for general corporate purposes. see note 5 for information on the forward sale agreements impact on the calculation of diluted eps.
see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
atm program in february 2018, ppl entered into an equity distribution agreement, pursuant to which ppl may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate of $1.0 billion of its common stock through an at-the-market offering program, including a forward sales component. the compensation paid to the selling agents by ppl may be up to 2% of the gross offering proceeds of the shares. there were no issuances under the atm program for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019. ppl issued 42 million shares of common stock and received proceeds of $119 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
forecasted sources of cash
the registrants expect to continue to have adequate liquidity available from operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, credit facilities and commercial paper issuances. additionally, subject to market conditions, the registrants and their
subsidiaries may access the capital markets, and ppl electric, lg&e and ku anticipate receiving equity contributions from their parent or member in 2020.
credit facilities the registrants maintain credit facilities to enhance liquidity, provide credit support and provide a backstop to commercial paper programs. amounts borrowed under these credit facilities are reflected in "short-term debt" on the balance sheets. at december 31, 2019, the total committed borrowing capacity under credit facilities and the borrowings under these facilities were:
external committed capacity   borrowed                 letters ofcreditandcommercialpaperissued           unusedcapacity ppl capital funding credit facilities            $1,550            $-                                           $465                            $1,085
(a)   the syndicated credit facilities, ku's letter of credit facility and ppl capital funding's bilateral facility, each contain a financial covenant requiring debt to total capitalization not to exceed 70% for ppl capital funding, ppl electric, lke, lg&amp;e and ku, as calculated in accordance with the facility, and other customary covenants.
the commitments under the domestic credit facilities are provided by a diverse bank group, with no one bank and its affiliates providing an aggregate commitment of more than the following percentages of the total committed capacity: ppl - 8%, ppl electric - 6%, lke - 6%, lg&e - 6% and ku - 6%.
(b)   each company pays customary fees under its respective syndicated credit facility. borrowings generally bear interest at libor-based rates plus an applicable margin.
(c)   the facilities contain financial covenants to maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 times consolidated earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization and total net debt not in excess of 85% of its rav, calculated in accordance with the credit facility.
the amounts borrowed at december 31, 2019, include a usd-denominated borrowing of $200 million and gbp-denominated borrowings of £88 million, which equated to $113 million. at december 31, 2019, the usd equivalent of unused capacity under the u.k. committed credit facilities was approximately $1.0 billion.
the commitments under the u.k.'s credit facilities are provided by a diverse bank group with no one bank providing more than 13% of the total committed capacity.
in addition to the financial covenants noted in the table above, the credit agreements governing the above credit facilities contain various other covenants. failure to comply with the covenants after applicable grace periods could result in acceleration of repayment of borrowings and/or termination of the agreements. the registrants monitor compliance with the covenants on a regular basis. at december 31, 2019, the registrants were in compliance with these covenants. at this time, the registrants believe that these covenants and other borrowing conditions will not limit access to these funding sources.
see note 8 to the financial statements for further discussion of the registrants' credit facilities.
committedcapacity   borrowed               non-affiliate usedcapacity           unusedcapacity lke credit facility                $375           $150                                $-                         $225
(a)   lg&amp;e and ku participate in an intercompany agreement whereby lke, lg&amp;e and/or ku make available funds up to $500 million at an interest rate based on a market index of commercial paper issues. however, the ferc has authorized a maximum aggregate short-term debt limit for each utility at $500 million from all covered sources.
see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of intercompany credit facilities.
ppl, ppl electric, lg&e and ku maintain commercial paper programs to provide an additional financing source to fund short-term liquidity needs, as necessary. commercial paper issuances, included in "short-term debt" on the balance sheets, are supported by the respective registrant's credit facilities. the following commercial paper programs were in place at:
capacity             commercialpaperissuances           unusedcapacity ppl capital funding      $1,500                           $450                       $1,050
ppl and its subsidiaries are authorized to issue, at the discretion of management and subject to market conditions, up to $7 billion of long-term debt and equity securities, the proceeds of which would be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
ppl electric is authorized to issue, at the discretion of management and subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals, up to $700 million of long-term debt securities, the proceeds of which would be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
lke is authorized to issue, at the discretion of management, up to $800 million of long-term debt with a ppl affiliate, the proceeds of which would be used to repay $475 million of senior unsecured notes maturing in november 2020 and for general corporate purposes.
lg&e is authorized to issue, at the discretion of management and subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals, up to $400 million of long-term debt securities, the proceeds of which would be used to repay short-term debt incurred to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
ku is authorized to issue, at the discretion of management and subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals, up to $800 million of long-term debt securities, the proceeds of which would be used to repay $500 million of first mortgage bonds maturing in november 2020, repay short-term debt incurred to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
from time to time, lke's member or the parents of ppl electric, lg&e and ku make capital contributions to subsidiaries. the proceeds from these contributions are used to fund capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes and, in the case of lke, to make contributions to its subsidiaries.
forecasted uses of cash
in addition to expenditures required for normal operating activities, such as purchased power, payroll, fuel and taxes, the registrants currently expect to incur future cash outflows for capital expenditures, various contractual obligations, payment of dividends on its common stock, distributions by lke to its member, and possibly the purchase or redemption of a portion of debt securities.
capital expenditures the table below shows the registrants' current capital expenditure projections for the years 2020 through 2024. expenditures for the domestic regulated utilities are expected to be recovered through rates, pending regulatory approval.
environmental                         549                 139                  209                 113                  84                   4
total capital expenditures        $14,267              $3,372               $3,130              $2,617              $2,533              $2,615
total capital expenditures         $3,770              $1,132                 $805                $747                $539                $547
environmental                         549                 139                  209                 113                  84                   4
total capital expenditures         $4,144              $1,007               $1,154                $693                $670                $620
environmental                         214                  58                   90                  38                  28                   -
total capital expenditures         $1,888                $483                 $530                $308                $295                $272
environmental                         335                  81                  119                  75                  56                   4
total capital expenditures         $2,259                $523                 $625                $386                $376                $349
(a)   construction expenditures include capitalized interest and afudc, which are expected to total approximately $93 million for ppl and $77 million for ppl electric over the five-year period.
(b)   the 2020 total excludes amounts included in accounts payable as of december 31, 2019.
capital expenditure plans are revised periodically to reflect changes in operational, market and regulatory conditions. for the years presented, this table includes ppl electric's asset optimization program to replace aging transmission and distribution assets.
contractual obligations the registrants have assumed various financial obligations and commitments in the ordinary course of conducting business. at december 31, 2019, estimated contractual cash obligations were as follows:
operating leases (c)                                  122                  26                  42                    27                    27
pension benefit plan funding obligations (e)          681                 272                 226                   183                     -
operating leases (c)                                   61                  18                  22                    13                     8
pension benefit plan obligations (e)                   22                  22                   -                     -                     -
operating leases (c)                                   24                   7                   9                     5                     3
pension benefit plan obligations (e)                    4                   4                   -                     -                     -
operating leases (c)                                   36                  11                  13                     8                     4
pension benefit plan obligations (e)                    1                   1                   -                     -                     -
(a)   reflects principal maturities based on stated maturity or earlier put dates. see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of variable-rate remarketable bonds issued on behalf of lg&amp;e and ku. the registrants do not have any significant finance lease obligations.
(b)   assumes interest payments through stated maturity or earlier put dates. for ppl, lke, lg&amp;e and ku the payments herein are subject to change, as payments for debt that is or becomes variable-rate debt have been estimated and for ppl, payments denominated in british pounds sterling have been translated to u.s. dollars at a current foreign currency exchange rate.
(c)   see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information.
(d)   the amounts include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. primarily includes, as applicable, the purchase obligations of electricity, coal, natural gas and limestone, as well as certain construction expenditures, which are also included in the capital expenditures table presented above.
(e)   the amounts for ppl include wpd's contractual deficit pension funding requirements arising from actuarial valuations performed in march 2016. the u.k. electricity regulator currently allows a recovery of a substantial portion of the contributions relating to the plan deficit. the amounts also include contributions made or committed to be made in 2020 for ppl's and lke's u.s. pension plans (for ppl electric, lg&amp;e and ku includes their share of these amounts). based on the current funded status of these plans, except for wpd's plans, no cash contributions are required. see note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of expected contributions.
(f)   represents contracts to purchase coal, natural gas and natural gas transportation. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(g)   represents future minimum payments under ovec power purchase agreements through june 2040. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(h)   represents construction commitments, which are also reflected in the capital expenditures table presented above.
ppl views dividends as an integral component of shareowner return and expects to continue to pay dividends in amounts intended to maintain a capitalization structure that supports investment grade credit ratings. in november 2019, ppl declared its quarterly common stock dividend, payable january 2, 2020, at 41.25 cents per share (equivalent to $1.65 per annum). on february 14, 2020, ppl announced an increase of its quarterly common stock dividend to 41.5 cents per share (equivalent to $1.66 per annum). future dividends, declared at the discretion of the board of directors, will depend upon future earnings, cash flows, financial and legal requirements and other factors.
subject to certain exceptions, ppl may not declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on its capital stock during any period in which ppl capital funding defers interest payments on its 2007 series a junior subordinated notes due 2067 or 2013 series b junior subordinated notes due 2073. at december 31, 2019, no interest payments were deferred.
from time to time, as determined by their respective board of directors, the registrants pay dividends or distributions, as applicable, to their respective shareholders or members. certain of the credit facilities of ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku include minimum debt covenant ratios that could effectively restrict the payment of dividends or distributions.
see note 8 to the financial statements for these and other restrictions related to distributions on capital interests for the registrants and their subsidiaries.
purchase or redemption of debt securities the registrants will continue to evaluate outstanding debt securities and may decide to purchase or redeem these securities in open market or privately negotiated transactions, in exchange transactions or otherwise, depending upon prevailing market conditions, available cash and other factors, and may be commenced or suspended at any time. the amounts involved may be material.
rating agency actions moody's and s&p periodically review the credit ratings of the debt of the registrants and their subsidiaries. based on their respective independent reviews, the rating agencies may make certain ratings revisions or ratings affirmations.
a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the creditworthiness associated with an issuer and particular securities that it issues. the credit ratings of the registrants and their subsidiaries are based on information provided by the registrants and other sources. the ratings of moody's and s&p are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any securities of the registrants or their subsidiaries. such ratings may be subject to revisions or withdrawal by the agencies at any time and should be evaluated independently of each other and any other rating that may be assigned to the securities.
the credit ratings of the registrants and their subsidiaries affect their liquidity, access to capital markets and cost of borrowing under their credit facilities. a downgrade in the registrants' or their subsidiaries' credit ratings could result in higher borrowing costs and reduced access to capital markets. the registrants and their subsidiaries have no credit rating triggers that would result in the reduction of access to capital markets or the acceleration of maturity dates of outstanding debt.
the following table sets forth the registrants' and their subsidiaries' credit ratings for outstanding debt securities or commercial paper programs as of december 31, 2019.
senior unsecured            senior secured             commercial paper issuer                 moody's           s&amp;p   moody's          s&amp;p   moody's           s&amp;p ppl ppl capital funding    baa2              bbb+                                 p-2               a-2
in september 2019, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of baa1 and a- to wpd (east midlands) £250 million of 1.75% senior notes due 2031.
in september 2019, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to ppl electric's $400 million 3.00% first mortgage bonds due 2049.
in march 2019, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to lg&e's $400 million 4.25% first mortgage bonds due 2049. the bonds were issued april 1, 2019.
in march 2019, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to the county of jefferson, kentucky's $128 million 1.85% pollution control revenue bonds, 2001 series a, due 2033, previously issued on behalf of lg&e. the bonds were remarketed april 1, 2019.
in may 2019, moody's assigned a rating of a1, and in june 2019, s&p assigned a rating of a to the county of jefferson, kentucky's $31 million 1.65% series a environmental facilities revenue refunding bonds, due 2033, previously issued on behalf of lg&e. the bonds were remarketed june 1, 2019.
in may 2019, moody's assigned a rating of a1, and in june 2019, s&p assigned a rating of a to the county of jefferson, kentucky's $35 million 1.65% series b environmental facilities revenue refunding bonds, due 2033, previously issued on behalf of lg&e. the bonds were remarketed june 1, 2019.
in september 2019, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to the county of jefferson, kentucky's $40 million 1.75% pollution control revenue bonds, 2005 series a, due 2035, previously issued on behalf of lg&e. the bonds were remarketed september 17, 2019.
in march 2019, moody's assigned a rating of a1 and s&p assigned a rating of a to ku's $300 million 4.375% first mortgage bonds due 2045. the bonds were issued april 1, 2019.
in august 2019, moody's assigned a rating of a1, and in september 2019, s&p assigned a rating of a to the county of carroll, kentucky's $96 million 1.55% pollution control revenue refunding bonds, 2016 series a (kentucky utilities company project), due 2042, previously issued on behalf of ku. the bonds were remarketed september 3, 2019.
in august 2019, moody's assigned a rating of a1, and in september 2019, s&p lowered its rating to a to the following bonds:
•   county of carroll, kentucky's $50 million 1.75% environmental facilities revenue bonds, 2004 series a due 2034;
•   county of carroll, kentucky's $54 million 1.20% environmental facilities revenue refunding bonds, 2006 series b due 2034;
•   county of carroll, kentucky's $78 million 1.20% environmental facilities revenue bonds, 2006 series b due 2032;
•   county of mercer, kentucky's $13 million 1.30% solid waste disposal facility revenue bonds, 2000 series a due 2023.
the bonds, previously issued on behalf of ku, were remarketed september 3, 2019. s&p and moody's lowered their ratings as a result of ku's termination of the letters of credit that previously provided credit enhancement for these bonds. see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
as discussed in note 8 to the financial statements, certain of wpd's senior unsecured notes may be put by the holders to the issuer for redemption if the long-term credit ratings assigned to the notes are withdrawn by any of the rating agencies (moody's or s&p) or reduced to a non-investment grade rating of ba1 or bb+ or lower in connection with a restructuring event. a restructuring event includes the loss of, or a material adverse change to, the distribution licenses under which wpd (east midlands), wpd (south west), wpd (south wales) and wpd (west midlands) operate and would be a trigger event for each company. these notes totaled £5.4 billion (approximately $6.9 billion) nominal value at december 31, 2019.
various derivative and non-derivative contracts, including contracts for the sale and purchase of electricity and fuel, commodity transportation and storage, interest rate and foreign currency instruments (for ppl), contain provisions that require the posting of additional collateral, or permit the counterparty to terminate the contract, if ppl's, lke's, lg&e's or ku's or their subsidiaries' credit rating, as applicable, were to fall below investment grade. see note 17 to the financial statements for a discussion of "credit risk-related contingent features," including a discussion of the potential additional collateral requirements for ppl, lke and lg&e for derivative contracts in a net liability position at december 31, 2019.
ppl guarantees certain consolidated affiliate financing arrangements. some of the guarantees contain financial and other covenants that, if not met, would limit or restrict the consolidated affiliates' access to funds under these financing arrangements, accelerate maturity of such arrangements or limit the consolidated affiliates' ability to enter into certain transactions. at this time, ppl believes that these covenants will not limit access to relevant funding sources. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information about guarantees.
off-balance sheet arrangements (all registrants)
the registrants have entered into certain agreements that may contingently require payment to a guaranteed or indemnified party. see note 13 to the financial statements for a discussion of these agreements.
risk management market risk
see notes 1,  and  to the financial statements for information about the registrants' risk management objectives, valuation techniques and accounting designations.
the forward-looking information presented below provides estimates of what may occur in the future, assuming certain adverse market conditions and model assumptions. actual future results may differ materially from those presented. these are not precise indicators of expected future losses, but are rather only indicators of possible losses under normal market conditions at a given confidence level.
interest rate risk the registrants and their subsidiaries issue debt to finance their operations, which exposes them to interest rate risk. the registrants and their subsidiaries utilize various financial derivative instruments to adjust the mix of fixed and floating interest rates in their debt portfolios, adjust the duration of their debt portfolios and lock in benchmark interest rates in anticipation of future financing, when appropriate. risk limits under the risk management program are designed to balance risk exposure to volatility in interest expense and changes in the fair value of the debt portfolios due to changes in the absolute level of interest rates. in addition, the interest rate risk of certain subsidiaries is potentially mitigated as a result of the existing regulatory framework or the timing of rate cases.
exposurehedged           fair value,net - asset(liability) (a)            effect of a10% adversemovementin rates (b)        maturitiesrangingthrough           exposurehedged           fair value,net - asset(liability) (a)            effect of a10% adversemovementin rates (b)
economic hedges interest rate swaps (d)            147                                     (22              )                                   (1                )                            2033               147                                     (20              )                                   (1                )
lke economic hedges interest rate swaps (d)            147                                     (22              )                                   (1                )                            2033               147                                     (20              )                                   (1                )
lg&amp;e economic hedges interest rate swaps (d)            147                                     (22              )                                   (1                )                            2033               147                                     (20              )                                   (1                )
(b)   effects of adverse movements decrease assets or increase liabilities, as applicable, which could result in an asset becoming a liability. sensitivities represent a 10% adverse movement in interest rates, except for cross-currency swaps which also includes a 10% adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates.
(c)   changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the item being hedged affects earnings.
(d)   realized changes in the fair value of such economic hedges are recoverable through regulated rates and any subsequent changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities.
the registrants are exposed to a potential increase in interest expense and to changes in the fair value of their debt portfolios. the estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates on interest expense at december 31, 2019 and 2018 was insignificant for ppl, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku. the estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates on the fair value of debt at december 31 is shown below.
foreign currency risk (ppl)
ppl is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through investments in and earnings of u.k. affiliates. under its risk management program, ppl may enter into financial instruments to hedge certain foreign currency exposures, including translation risk of expected earnings, firm commitments, recognized assets or liabilities, anticipated transactions and net investments.
exposurehedged                fair value,net - asset(liability)      effect of a 10%adverse movement in foreign currencyexchange rates (a)              maturitiesrangingthrough      exposure                   fair value,net - asset(liability)      effect of a 10%adverse movementin foreign currencyexchange rates (a)
hedged economic hedges (b)   £       859                                  $137                    $(89                                                )                                                  2020      £    1,540                                $201                    $(181                                             )
(a)   effects of adverse movements decrease assets or increase liabilities, as applicable, which could result in an asset becoming a liability.
(b)   to economically hedge the translation of expected earnings denominated in gbp.
commodity price risk ppl is exposed to commodity price risk through its domestic subsidiaries as described below.
•   ppl electric is required to purchase electricity to fulfill its obligation as a plr. potential commodity price risk is insignificant and mitigated through its puc-approved cost recovery mechanism and full-requirement supply agreements to serve its plr customers which transfer the risk to energy suppliers.
•   lg&amp;e's and ku's rates include certain mechanisms for fuel, fuel-related expenses and energy purchases. in addition, lg&amp;e's rates include a mechanism for natural gas supply expenses. these mechanisms generally provide for timely recovery of market price fluctuations associated with these expenses.
volumetric risk volumetric risk is the risk related to the changes in volume of retail sales due to weather, economic conditions or other factors. ppl is exposed to volumetric risk through its subsidiaries as described below.
•   wpd is exposed to volumetric risk which is significantly mitigated as a result of the method of regulation in the u.k. under the riio-ed1 price control regulations, recovery of such exposure occurs on a two year lag. see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information on revenue recognition under riio-ed1.
•   ppl electric, lg&amp;e and ku are exposed to volumetric risk on retail sales, mainly due to weather and other economic conditions for which there is limited mitigation between rate cases.
defined benefit plans - equity securities price risk see "application of critical accounting policies - defined benefits" for additional information regarding the effect of equity securities price risk on plan assets.
credit risk
credit risk is the risk that the registrants would incur a loss as a result of nonperformance by counterparties of their contractual obligations. the registrants maintain credit policies and procedures with respect to counterparty credit (including requirements that counterparties maintain specified credit ratings) and require other assurances in the form of credit support or collateral in certain circumstances in order to limit counterparty credit risk. however, the registrants, as applicable, have concentrations of suppliers and customers among electric utilities, financial institutions and energy marketing and trading companies. these concentrations may impact the registrants' overall exposure to credit risk, positively or negatively, as counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions.
in january 2017, the puc issued a final order approving ppl electric's plr procurement plan for the period june 2017 through may 2021, which includes a total of eight semi-annual solicitations for electricity supply in april and october. to date, ppl electric has conducted six of its planned eight competitive solicitations.
under the standard supply master agreement (the agreement) for the competitive solicitation process, ppl electric requires all suppliers to post collateral if their credit exposure exceeds an established credit limit. in the event a supplier defaults on its obligation, ppl electric would be required to seek replacement power in the market. all incremental costs incurred by ppl electric would be recoverable from customers in future rates. at december 31, 2019, most of the successful bidders under all of the solicitations had an investment grade credit rating from s&p and were not required to post collateral under the agreement. a small portion of bidders were required to post an insignificant amount of collateral under the agreement. there is no instance under the agreement in which ppl electric is required to post collateral to its suppliers.
see note 17 to the financial statements for additional information on credit risk.
the value of the british pound sterling fluctuates in relation to the u.s. dollar. in 2019, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation gain of $106 million, which reflected a $181 million increase to pp&e, $34 million increase to goodwill and $12 million decrease to other net liabilities partially offset by a $121 million increase to long-term debt. in 2018, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation loss of $453 million, which reflected a $754 million decrease to pp&e and $150 million decrease to goodwill partially offset by a $445 million decrease to long-term debt and a decrease of $6 million to other net liabilities. in 2017, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation gain of $537 million, which reflected a $935 million increase to pp&e and $198 million increase to goodwill partially offset by a $549 million increase to long-term debt and an increase of $47 million to other net liabilities.
related party transactions the registrants are not aware of any material ownership interests or operating responsibility by senior management in outside partnerships, including leasing transactions with variable interest entities, or other entities doing business with the registrants. see note 14 to the financial statements for additional information on related party transactions for ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku.
acquisitions, development and divestitures the registrants from time to time evaluate opportunities for potential acquisitions, divestitures and development projects. development projects are reexamined based on market conditions and other factors to determine whether to proceed with, modify or terminate the projects. any resulting transactions may impact future financial results.
capacity needs (ppl, lke, lg&e and ku)
as a result of environmental requirements and energy efficiency measures, ku retired two older coal-fired electricity generating units at the e.w. brown plant in february 2019 with a combined summer rating capacity of 272 mw. despite the retirement of these units, lg&e and ku maintain sufficient generating capacity to serve their anticipated load.
environmental matters
extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to ppl's, ppl electric's, lke's, lg&e's and ku's air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid waste, as well as other aspects of the registrants' businesses. the costs of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted with certainty but could be significant. in addition, costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws or regulations, or similar rules, are expanded or changed. costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or other restrictions. many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of key suppliers, or customers, such as coal producers and industrial power users, and may impact the costs for their products or their demand for the registrants' services. increased capital and operating costs are subject to rate recovery. ppl, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku can provide no assurances as to the ultimate outcome of future environmental or rate proceedings before regulatory authorities.
see "legal matters" in note 13 to the financial statements for a discussion of the more significant environmental claims. see "financial condition - liquidity and capital resources - forecasted uses of cash - capital expenditures" in "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for information on projected environmental capital expenditures for 2020 through 2024. see note 19 to the financial statements for information related to the impacts of ccrs on aros.
sustainability increasing attention has been focused on a broad range of corporate activities under the heading of "sustainability", which has resulted in a significant increase in the number of requests from interested parties for information on sustainability topics. these parties range from investor groups focused on environmental, social, governance and other matters to non-investors concerned with a variety of public policy matters. often the scope of the information sought is very broad and not necessarily relevant to an issuer's business or industry. as a result, a number of private groups have proposed to standardize the subject matter constituting sustainability, either generally or by industry. those efforts remain ongoing. in addition, certain of these private groups have advocated that the sec promulgate regulations requiring specific sustainability reporting under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "'34 act"), or that issuers voluntarily include certain sustainability disclosure in their '34 act reports. to date, no new reporting requirements have been adopted or proposed by the sec.
as has been ppl's practice, to the extent sustainability issues have or may have a material impact on the registrants' financial condition or results of operation, ppl discloses such matters in accordance with applicable securities law and sec regulations. with respect to other sustainability topics that ppl deems relevant to investors but that are not required to be reported under applicable securities law and sec regulation, ppl will continue each spring to publish its annual sustainability report including tracking reductions related to the company's goal to reduce carbon emissions and post that report on its corporate website at www.pplweb.com and on www.pplsustainability.com. neither the information in such annual sustainability report nor the information at such websites is incorporated in this form 10-k by reference, and it should not be considered a part of this form 10-k. in preparing its sustainability report, ppl is guided by the framework established by the global reporting initiative, which identifies environmental, social, governance and other subject matter categories. ppl also participates in efforts by the edison electric institute to provide the appropriate subset of sustainability information that can be applied consistently across the electric utility industry. additionally, ppl publicly discloses its corporate political contributions and responds to the cdp climate survey.
cybersecurity see "cybersecurity management" in "item 1. business" and "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of cybersecurity risks affecting the registrants and the related strategies for managing these risks.
competition see "competition" under each of ppl's reportable segments in "item 1. business - general - segment information" and "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of competitive factors affecting the registrants.
new accounting guidance see notes 1 and 21 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting guidance adopted and pending adoption.
application of critical accounting policies financial condition and results of operations are impacted by the methods, assumptions and estimates used in the application of critical accounting policies. the following accounting policies are particularly important to an understanding of the reported financial condition or results of operations and require management to make estimates or other judgments of matters that are inherently uncertain. changes in the estimates or other judgments included within these accounting policies could result in a significant change to the information presented in the financial statements (these accounting policies are also discussed in note 1 to the financial statements). senior management has reviewed with ppl's audit committee these critical accounting policies, the following disclosures regarding their application, and the estimates and assumptions regarding them.
defined benefits
certain of the registrants and/or their subsidiaries sponsor or participate in certain qualified funded and non-qualified unfunded defined benefit pension plans and both funded and unfunded other postretirement benefit plans. see notes 1, 7 and 11 to the financial statements for additional information about the plans and the accounting for defined benefits.
a summary of plan sponsors by registrant and whether a registrant or its subsidiaries sponsor (s) or participate in and receives allocations (p) from those plans is shown in the table below.
plan sponsor   ppl   ppl electric   lke   lg&amp;e   ku ppl services   s     p wpd (a)        s lke (b)                             s     p          p lg&amp;e (b)                              s
(a)   does not sponsor or participate in other postretirement benefits plans.
management makes certain assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets. as such, annual net periodic defined benefit costs are recorded in current earnings or regulatory assets and liabilities based on estimated results. any differences between actual and estimated results are recorded in aoci or, in the case of ppl electric, lg&e and ku, regulatory assets and liabilities for amounts that are expected to be recovered through regulated customer rates. these amounts in aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized to income over future periods. the significant assumptions are:
•   discount rate - in selecting the discount rates for u.s. defined benefit plans, the plan sponsors start with a cash flow analysis of the expected benefit payment stream for their plans. the plan-specific cash flows are matched against the coupons and expected maturity values of aa-rated non-callable (or callable with make-whole provisions) bonds that could be purchased for a hypothetical settlement portfolio. the plan sponsors then use the single discount rate derived from matching the discounted benefit payment stream to the market value of the selected bond portfolio.
in selecting the discount rate for its u.k. pension plans, wpd starts with a cash flow analysis of the expected benefit payment stream for its plans. these plan-specific cash flows are matched against a spot-rate yield curve to determine the assumed discount rate. the spot-rate yield curve uses an iboxx british pounds sterling denominated corporate bond index as its base. from this base, those bonds with the lowest and highest yields are eliminated to develop an appropriate subset of bonds. wpd uses the single weighted-average discount rate derived from the spot rates to discount the benefit obligation. in addition, the spot rates that match the cash flows associated with the service cost and interest cost are used to discount those components of net periodic defined benefit cost.
•   expected return on plan assets - the expected long-term rates of return for pension and other postretirement benefits are based on management's projections using a best-estimate of expected returns, volatilities and correlations for each asset class. each plan's specific current and expected asset allocations are also considered in developing a reasonable return assumption.
•   rate of compensation increase - management projects employees' annual pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement. in selecting a rate of compensation increase, plan sponsors consider past experience, the potential impact of movements in inflation rates and expectations of ongoing compensation practices.
see note 11 to the financial statements for details of the assumptions selected for pension and other postretirement benefits. a variance in the assumptions could significantly impact accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities.
the following tables reflect changes in certain assumptions based on the registrants' primary defined benefit plans. the inverse of this change would have the opposite impact on accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities. the sensitivities below reflect an evaluation of the change based solely on a change in that assumption.
rate of compensation increase         0.25   %
actuarial assumption             defined benefitasset              defined benefitliabilities      aoci(pre-tax)                     net regulatoryassets          defined benefitcosts ppl discount rates                   $(371             )                          $134                 $413                                      $92                           $47
rate of compensation increase    (56               )                            15                              62                             9                            13
expected return on plan assets                                                 n/a                 -                                         n/a rate of compensation increase                                                    6                 -                                           6                             1
rate of compensation increase    n/a                                             6                               3                             3                             2
actuarial assumption             defined benefitasset          defined benefitliabilities       aoci(pre-tax)                 net regulatoryassets          defined benefitcosts lg&amp;e discount rates                   (16               )        2                                   n/a                                        18                             2
rate of compensation increase    (1                )           -                                n/a                                                         -
expected return on plan assets   n/a                           n/a                              n/a                           n/a rate of compensation increase    (2                )           -                                n/a                                                         -
significant management judgment is required in developing the registrants' provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns, valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, as well as whether the undistributed earnings of wpd are considered indefinitely reinvested.
additionally, significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of benefit recognized related to an uncertain tax position. on a quarterly basis, uncertain tax positions are reassessed by considering information known as of the reporting date. based on management's assessment of new information, a tax benefit may subsequently be recognized for a previously unrecognized tax position, a previously recognized tax position may be derecognized, or the benefit of a previously recognized tax position may be remeasured. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised by taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued and may materially impact the financial statements in the future.
the need for valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets also requires significant management judgment. valuation allowances are initially recorded and reevaluated each reporting period by assessing the likelihood of the ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset. management considers a number of factors in assessing the realization of a deferred tax asset, including the reversal of temporary differences, future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. any tax planning strategy utilized in this assessment must meet the recognition and measurement criteria utilized to account for an uncertain tax position. management also considers the uncertainty posed by political risk and the effect of this uncertainty on the various factors that management takes into account in evaluating the need for valuation allowances. the amount of deferred tax assets ultimately realized may differ materially from the estimates utilized in the computation of valuation allowances and may materially impact the financial statements in the future.
see note 6 to the financial statements for income tax disclosures, including the impact of the tcja and management's conclusion that the undistributed earnings of wpd are considered indefinitely reinvested. based on this conclusion, ppl global does not record deferred u.s. federal income taxes on wpd's undistributed earnings.
ppl electric, lg&e and ku are subject to cost-based rate regulation. as a result, the effects of regulatory actions are required to be reflected in the financial statements. assets and liabilities are recorded that result from the regulated ratemaking process that may not be recorded under gaap for non-regulated entities. regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in regulated customer rates. regulatory liabilities are recognized for amounts expected to be returned through future regulated customer rates. in certain cases, regulatory liabilities are recorded based on an understanding or agreement with the regulator that rates have been set to recover costs that are expected to be incurred in the future, and the regulated entity is accountable for any amounts charged pursuant to such rates and not yet expended for the intended purpose.
management continually assesses whether the regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory and political environments, the ability to recover costs through regulated rates, recent rate orders to the registrants and other regulated entities, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. based
on this continual assessment, management believes the existing regulatory assets are probable of recovery. this assessment reflects the current political and regulatory climate at the state and federal levels and is subject to change in the future. if future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, the regulatory asset would be written-off. additionally, the regulatory agencies can provide flexibility in the manner and timing of recovery of regulatory assets.
see note 7 to the financial statements for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities recorded at december 31, 2019 and 2018, as well as additional information on those regulatory assets and liabilities. all regulatory assets are either currently being recovered under specific rate orders, represent amounts that are expected to be recovered in future rates or benefit future periods based upon established regulatory practices.
wpd's operations are regulated by ofgem. ofgem has adopted a price control regulatory framework focused on outputs and performance in contrast to traditional u.s. utility ratemaking that operates under a cost recovery model. because the regulatory model is incentive-based, wpd is not subject to accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation as prescribed by gaap for entities subject to cost-based rate regulation and does not record regulatory assets and liabilities. see "general - regulation" in note 1 to the financial statements for additional information.
price risk management (ppl)
see "financial condition - risk management" above.
goodwill impairment (ppl, lke, lg&e and ku)
goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. ppl has determined its reporting units to be primarily at the same level as its reportable segments. lke, lg&e and ku are individually single operating and reportable segments. a goodwill impairment test is performed annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the reporting unit may be greater than the reporting unit's fair value. additionally, goodwill is tested for impairment after a portion of goodwill has been allocated to a business to be disposed of.
ppl, lke, lg&e and ku may elect either to initially make a qualitative evaluation about the likelihood of an impairment of goodwill or to bypass the qualitative evaluation and test goodwill for impairment using a two-step quantitative test. see "long-lived and intangible assets - asset impairment (excluding investments)" in note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of qualitative and quantitative goodwill impairment tests. see note 18 to the financial statements for information on goodwill balances at december 31, 2019.
ppl elected to perform the two-step quantitative impairment test of goodwill for the u.k. regulated segment reporting unit in the fourth quarter of 2019. management used both discounted cash flows and market multiples including implied rav premiums, which required significant assumptions, to estimate the fair value of the reporting units. significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flows include discount and growth rates, outcomes of future rate filings, and projected operating and capital cash flows. projected operating and capital cash flows is based on the registrants' internal business plan, which assumes the occurrence of certain future events. significant assumptions used in the market multiples include utility sector market performance and comparable transactions.
application of an appropriate weighting to both the discounted cash flow and market multiple valuations for the most recent impairment test performed as of october 1, 2019 did not require the second-step assessment and did not result in any impairment.
a high degree of judgment is required to develop estimates related to fair value conclusions. a decrease in the forecasted cash flows of 10%, an increase in the discount rate of 0.25%, or a 10% decrease in the market multiples would not have resulted in an impairment of goodwill for this reporting unit.
ppl (for its kentucky regulated segment), and individually, lke, lg&e and ku elected to perform the qualitative step zero evaluation of goodwill, as of october 1, 2019. based on these evaluations, management concluded it was not more likely than not that the fair value of these reporting units was less than their carrying values. as such, the two-step quantitative impairment test was not performed.
aro liabilities are required to be recognized for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets. initial obligations are measured at estimated fair value. an aro must be recognized when incurred if the fair value of the aro can be reasonably estimated. an equivalent amount is recorded as an increase in the value of the capitalized asset and amortized to expense over the asset's useful life.
in determining aros, management must make significant judgments and estimates to calculate fair value. fair value is developed using an expected present value technique based on assumptions of market participants that consider estimated retirement costs in current period dollars, inflated to the anticipated retirement date and discounted back to the date the aro was incurred. changes in assumptions and estimates included within the calculations of the fair value of aros could result in significantly different results than those identified and recorded in the financial statements. estimated aro costs and settlement dates, which affect the carrying value of the aro and the related capitalized asset, are reviewed periodically to ensure that any material changes are incorporated into the aro estimate. any change to the capitalized asset is generally amortized over the remaining life of the associated long-lived asset.
see "long-lived and intangible assets - asset retirement obligations" in note 1, note 7 and note 19 to the financial statements for additional information on aros.
at december 31, 2019, the total recorded balances and information on the most significant recorded aros were as follows.
most significant aros totalarorecorded           amountrecorded           % of total        description ppl                 $282                      $181                  64                ponds, landfills and natural gas mains lke                  215                       181                  84                ponds, landfills and natural gas mains lg&amp;e              73                        56                  77                ponds, landfills and natural gas mains ku                   142                       125                  88                ponds and landfills the most significant assumptions surrounding aros are the forecasted retirement costs (including settlement dates and the timing of cash flows), discount and inflation rates. at december 31, 2019, a 10% increase to retirement cost would increase these aro liabilities by $33 million. a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase these aro liabilities by $4 million and a 0.25% increase in the inflation rate would increase these aro liabilities by $2 million. there would be no significant change to the annual depreciation expense of the aro asset or the annual accretion expense of the aro liability as a result of these changes in assumptions.
revenue recognition - unbilled revenues (lke, lg&e and ku)
revenues related to the sale of energy are recorded when service is rendered or when energy is delivered to customers. because customers are billed on cycles which vary based on the timing of actual meter reads taken throughout the month, estimates are recorded for unbilled revenues at the end of each reporting period. for lg&e and ku, such unbilled revenue amounts reflect estimates of deliveries to customers since the date of the last reading of their meters. the unbilled revenue estimates reflect consideration of factors including daily load models, estimated usage for each customer class, the effect of current and different rate schedules, the meter read schedule, the billing schedule, actual weather data, and, where applicable, the impact of weather normalization or other regulatory provisions of rate structures. see "unbilled revenues" on the registrants' balance sheets for balances at december 31, 2019 and 2018.
other information (all registrants)
ppl's audit committee has approved the independent auditor to provide audit and audit-related services, tax services and other services permitted by sarbanes-oxley and sec rules. the audit and audit-related services include services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, reviews of offering documents and registration statements, and internal control reviews.