at december 31, 2019, b. wayne hughes, our former chairman and his family, which includes his daughter, tamara hughes gustavson and his son, b. wayne hughes, jr., who are both members of our board of trustees (collectively, the "hughes family"), owned approximately 14.1% of our aggregate outstanding common shares. our declaration of trust permits the hughes family to own up to 35.66% of our outstanding common shares while it generally restricts the ownership by other persons and entities to 3% of our outstanding common shares unless our board of trustees grants an ownership waiver, as has occurred in certain cases for large mutual fund companies. consequently, the hughes family may significantly influence matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including electing trustees, amending our organizational documents, dissolving and approving other extraordinary transactions, such as a takeover attempt, which may result in an outcome that may not be favorable to other shareholders.
reits are subject to a range of complex organizational and operational requirements. a qualifying reit does not generally incur federal income tax on its net income that is distributed to its shareholders. our reit status is also dependent upon the ongoing reit qualification of psb as a result of our substantial ownership interest in it. we believe we have qualified as a reit and we intend to continue to maintain our reit status.
income tax expense: we have elected to be treated as a reit, as defined in the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"). as a reit, we do not incur federal income tax on our reit taxable income that is fully distributed each year (for this purpose, certain distributions paid in a subsequent year may be considered), and if we meet certain organizational and operational rules. we believe we have met these reit requirements for all periods presented herein. accordingly, we have recorded no federal income tax expense related to our reit taxable income.
requirement to pay distributions: for all periods presented herein, we have elected to be treated as a reit, as defined in the code. as a reit, we do not incur federal income tax on our reit taxable income (generally, net rents and gains from real property, dividends, and interest) that is fully distributed each year (for this purpose, certain distributions paid in a subsequent year may be considered), and if we meet certain organizational and operational rules. we believe we have met these requirements in all periods presented herein, and we expect to continue to elect and qualify as a reit.