item 1a. risk factors you should consider each of the following factors in evaluating our business and our prospects. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also negatively impact our business and results of operations and require significant management time and attention. in that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. you should also consider the other information set forth in this annual report in evaluating our business and our prospects, including but not limited to our financial statements and the related notes, and "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." references to "and" and "or" should be read to include the other as well as "and/or," as appropriate.
risks related to our businesses our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions and upgrades of cdma, ofdma and other communications technologies, including 5g; our customers' and licensees' sales of products and services based on these technologies; and customers' demand for our products and services.
we develop, patent and commercialize technology and products based on cdma, ofdma and other communications technologies, which are primarily wireless. we depend on operators of wireless networks and our customers and licensees to adopt and implement the latest generation of these technologies for use in their networks, devices and services. we also depend on our customers and licensees to develop devices and services based on these technologies with value-added features to drive consumer demand for new 3g/4g and 3g/4g/5g multimode devices, as well as 3g, 4g and 5g single-mode devices, and to establish the selling prices for such devices. further, we depend on the timing of our customers' and licensees' deployments of new devices and services based on these technologies. increasingly, we also depend on operators of wireless networks, our customers and licensees and other third parties to incorporate these technologies into new device types and into industries and applications beyond traditional cellular communications, such as automotive, computing, iot (including the connected home, smart cities, wearables, voice and music and robotics) and networking, among others.
we have historically been successful during wireless technology transitions, including 3g and 4g. the next generation of wireless technologies is 5g, which we expect will empower a new era of connected devices and will be utilized not only in handsets but in new device types, industries and applications beyond traditional cellular communications, as described above (see also part i, item 1, "business" for further description of 5g). initial commercial deployments of 5g networks and devices have begun and will continue into fiscal 2020 and beyond. we believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5g technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and that we develop, commercialize and be a leading supplier of 5g integrated circuit products and services, in order to sustain and grow our business long-term.
our revenues and growth in revenues could be negatively impacted, our business may be harmed and our substantial investments in these technologies may not provide us an adequate return, if:
•   wireless operators delay next-generation network deployments, expansions or upgrades or delay moving customers to 3g/4g and 3g/4g/5g multimode devices, as well as 4g and 5g single-mode devices;
•   lte, an ofdma-based wireless technology, is not more widely deployed or further commercial deployment is delayed;
•   government regulators delay making sufficient spectrum available for 4g and 5g wireless technologies, including unlicensed spectrum and shared spectrum technologies, thereby delaying or precluding the initial deployment or expanded deployment of these technologies;
•   wireless operators delay or do not drive improvements in 4g or 5g, or 3g/4g or 3g/4g/5g multimode network performance and capacity;
•   our customers' and licensees' revenues and sales of products, particularly premium-tier products, and services using these technologies, and average selling prices (asps) of such products, decline, do not grow or do not grow meaningfully due to, for example, the maturity of smartphone penetration in developed regions;
•   our intellectual property and technical leadership included in the continued 5g standardization effort is different than in 3g and 4g standards;
•   the continued standardization or commercial deployment of 5g technologies is delayed;
•   we are unable to drive the adoption of our products and services into networks and devices, including devices beyond traditional cellular applications, based on cdma, ofdma and other communications technologies; or
•   consumers' rates of replacement of smartphones and other computing devices decline, do not grow or do not grow meaningfully.
our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological changes. our success depends in part on our ability to adapt to such changes and compete effectively; and such changes and competition could result in decreased demand for our products or declining average selling prices for our products or those of our customers or licensees.
our products, services and technologies face significant competition. we expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to maintain existing business and customers or attract new business and customers, as new opportunities develop and as new competitors enter the industry. competition in wireless communications is affected by various factors that include, among others: device manufacturer concentrations; vertical integration; growth in demand, consumption and competition in certain geographic regions; government intervention or support of national industries or competitors; evolving industry standards and business models; evolving methods of transmission of voice and data communications; increasing data traffic and densification of wireless networks; convergence and aggregation of connectivity technologies (including wi-fi and lte) in both devices and access points; consolidation of wireless technologies and infrastructure at the network edge; networking and connectivity trends (including cloud services); use of licensed, shared and unlicensed spectrum; the evolving nature of computing (including demand for always on, always connected capabilities); the speed of technological change (including the transition to smaller geometry process technologies); value-added features that drive selling prices and consumer demand for new 3g/4g and 3g/4g/5g multimode devices, as well as 3g, 4g and 5g single-mode devices; turnkey, integrated products that incorporate hardware, software, user interface, applications and reference designs; scalability; and the ability of the system technology to meet customers' immediate and future network requirements. we anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, technological and public policy changes and relatively low barriers to entry in certain segments of the industry. additionally, the semiconductor industry has experienced and may continue to experience consolidation, which could result in significant changes to the competitive landscape.
we expect that our future success will depend on, among other factors, our ability to:
•   differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features (e.g., modem, rffe, graphics and other processors, camera and connectivity) and with smaller geometry process technologies that drive both performance and lower power consumption;
•   develop and offer integrated circuit products at competitive cost and price points to effectively cover both emerging and developed geographic regions and all device tiers;
•   drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products into the most popular device models and across a broad spectrum of devices, such as smartphones, tablets, laptops and other computing devices, automobiles, wearables, voice and music and other connected devices and infrastructure products;
•   maintain or accelerate demand for our integrated circuit products at the premium device tier, while also driving the adoption of our 5g products into high, mid- and low-tier devices across all regions;
•   continue to be a leader in 4g and 5g technology evolution and continue to innovate and introduce 4g and 5g turnkey, integrated products and services that differentiate us from our competition;
•   remain a leader in 5g technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and develop, commercialize and be a leading supplier of 5g integrated circuit products and services;
•   increase or accelerate demand for our semiconductor component products, including rffe, and our wireless connectivity products, including networking products for consumers, carriers and enterprise equipment and connected devices;
•   become a leading supplier of rffe products, which are designed to address cellular radio frequency band fragmentation while improving radio frequency performance and assist original equipment manufacturers in developing multiband, multimode mobile devices;
•   create standalone value and contribute to the success of our existing businesses through acquisitions, joint ventures and other transactions, and by developing customer, licensee, vendor, distributor and other channel relationships in new industry segments and with disruptive technologies, products and services, such as products for automotive, computing, iot (including the connected home, smart cities, wearables, voice and music and robotics) and networking, among others;
•   identify potential acquisition targets that will grow or sustain our business or address strategic needs, reach agreement on terms acceptable to us, close the transactions and effectively integrate these new businesses, products and technologies;
•   be a leader serving original equipment manufacturers (oems), high level operating systems (hlos) providers, operators, cloud providers and other industry participants as competitors, new industry entrants and other factors continue to affect the industry landscape;
•   be a preferred partner and sustain preferred relationships providing integrated circuit products that support multiple operating system and infrastructure platforms to industry participants that effectively commercialize new devices using these platforms; and
•   continue to develop brand recognition to effectively compete against better known companies in computing and other consumer driven segments and to deepen our presence in significant emerging regions and china.
we compete with many different semiconductor companies, ranging from multinational companies with integrated research and development, manufacturing, sales and marketing organizations across a broad spectrum of product lines, to companies that are focused on a single application market segment or standard product, including those that produce products for automotive, computing, iot and networking applications. most of these competitors compete with us with respect to some, but not all, of our businesses. companies that design integrated circuits based on cdma, ofdma, wi-fi or their derivatives are generally competitors or potential competitors. examples (some of which are strategic partners of ours in other areas) include broadcom, cirrus logic, cypress semiconductor, hisilicon, intel, marvell, maxim, mediatek, microchip technology, murata, nordic semiconductor, nvidia, nxp semiconductors, qorvo, realtek semiconductor, renesas, samsung, sequans communications, skyworks and spreadtrum communications (which is controlled by tsinghua unigroup). some of these current and potential competitors may have advantages over us that include, among others: motivation by our customers in certain circumstances to use our competitors' integrated circuit products, to utilize their own internally-developed integrated circuit products or sell such products to others, or to choose alternative technologies; lower cost structures or a willingness and ability to accept lower prices or lower or negative margins for their products, particularly in china; foreign government support of other technologies, competitors or oems that sell devices that do not contain our chipsets; better known brand names; ownership and control of manufacturing facilities and greater expertise in manufacturing processes; more extensive relationships with local distribution companies and oems in certain geographic regions (such as china); more experience in adjacent industry segments outside traditional cellular industries (such as automotive, computing, iot and networking); and a more established presence in certain regions.
in particular, certain of our largest integrated circuit customers develop their own integrated circuit products, which they have in the past utilized, and currently utilize, in certain of their devices and may in the future choose to utilize in certain (or all) of their devices, rather than our products (and they may sell their integrated circuit products to third parties, discretely or together with certain of their other products, in competition with us). also, apple, which has historically been one of our largest customers, now utilizes products of one of our competitors in many of their devices rather than our products and is solely utilizing one of our competitor's products in its most recent smartphone launch. apple may continue to use our competitors' products in one or more of its future devices and may develop and utilize its own modem products, rather than our products, in one or more of its future devices.
further, certain of our competitors develop and sell multiple components (including integrated circuit products) for use in devices and sell those components together to device manufacturers. our competitors' sales of multiple components put us (and our discrete integrated circuit products) at a competitive disadvantage. certain of our competitors also develop and sell infrastructure equipment for wireless networks and can optimize their integrated circuit products to perform on such networks to a degree that we are not able to, which again puts us at a competitive disadvantage.
competition in any or all product tiers may result in the loss of business or customers, which would negatively impact our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. such competition may also reduce average selling prices for our chipset products or the products of our customers and licensees. certain of these dynamics are particularly pronounced in emerging regions and china where competitors may have lower cost structures or may have a willingness and ability to accept lower prices or lower or negative margins on their products (particularly in china). reductions in the average selling prices of our chipset products, without a corresponding increase in volumes, would negatively impact our revenues, and without corresponding decreases in average unit costs, would negatively impact our margins. in addition, reductions in the average selling prices of our licensees' products, unless offset by an increase in volumes, would generally decrease total royalties payable to us, negatively impacting our licensing revenues.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, which increasingly includes a small number of chinese oems. if revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our business and results of operations could be negatively affected.
our qct segment derives a significant portion of its revenues from a small number of customers, and we expect this trend to continue in the foreseeable future. our industry is experiencing and may continue to experience concentration of device share among a few companies, particularly at the premium tier, contributing to this trend. chinese oems continue to grow their device share in china and are increasing their device share in regions outside of china, and we derive a significant and increasing portion of our revenues from a small number of these oems. in addition, certain of our largest integrated circuit customers develop their own integrated circuit products, which they have in the past utilized, and currently utilize, in certain of their devices and may in the future choose to utilize in certain (or all) of their devices, rather than our products (and they may sell their integrated circuit products to third parties, discretely or together with certain of their other products, in competition with us). also, apple, which has historically been one of our largest customers, utilizes products of one of our competitors in many of their devices rather than our products and is solely utilizing one of our competitor's products in its most recent smartphone launch. in april 2019, we entered into a new multi-year chipset supply agreement with apple. we do not expect to begin recording revenues under this agreement until the second half of fiscal 2020. however, apple may continue to use our competitors' products in one or more of its future devices and may develop and utilize its own modem products, rather than our products, in one or more of its future devices.
similarly, certain of our chinese oem customers have developed and others may in the future develop their own integrated circuit products and use such integrated circuit products, or other integrated circuit products, in their devices rather than our integrated circuit products, whether due to pressure from the chinese government as part of its broader economic policies, the oems' concerns over losing access to our integrated circuit products as a result of u.s./chinese trade tensions, or otherwise.
further, political actions, including trade and/or national security protection policies, or other actions by governments, have in the past, currently are and could in the future limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain of our customers, or limit or prevent certain of our customers from transacting business with us.
finally, we spend a significant amount of engineering and development time, funds and resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and/or specifications and attempt to incorporate such input into our product launches and technologies. these efforts may not require or result in purchase commitments from such customers or we may have lower purchases from such customers than expected, and consequently, we may not achieve the anticipated revenues from these efforts, or these efforts may result in non-recoverable costs.
the loss of any one of our significant customers, a reduction in the purchases of our products by such customers or the cancelation of significant purchases by any of these customers, whether due to the use of their own integrated circuit products or our competitors' integrated circuit products, government restrictions or otherwise, would reduce our revenues and could harm our ability to achieve or sustain expected results of operations, and a delay of significant purchases, even if only temporary, would reduce our revenues in the period of the delay. any such reduction in revenues would also impact our cash resources available for other purposes, such as research and development. further, the concentration of device share among a few companies, and the corresponding purchasing power of these companies, may result in lower prices for our products which, if not accompanied by a sufficient increase in the volume of purchases of our products, could have an adverse effect on our revenues and margins. in addition, the timing and size of purchases by our significant customers may be impacted by
the timing of such customers' new or next generation product introductions, over which we have no control, and the timing and success of such introductions may cause our revenues and results of operations to fluctuate. accordingly, if current industry dynamics continue, our qct segment's revenues will continue to depend largely upon, and be impacted by, future purchases, and the timing and size of any such future purchases, by these significant customers.
further, to the extent apple purchases our modem products, it purchases our mobile data modem (mdm) products, which do not include our integrated application processor technology, and which have lower revenue and margin contributions than our combined modem and application processor products. to the extent apple takes device share from our customers who purchase our integrated modem and application processor products, our revenues and margins may be negatively impacted.
further, companies that develop hlos for devices, including leading technology companies, sell their own devices. if we fail to effectively partner or continue partnering with these companies, or with their partners or customers, they may decide not to purchase (either directly or through their contract manufacturers), or to reduce or discontinue their purchases of, our integrated circuit products.
in addition, there has been and continues to be litigation among certain of our customers and other industry participants, and the potential outcomes of such litigation, including but not limited to injunctions against devices that incorporate our products or intellectual property, and rulings on certain patent law or patent licensing issues that create new legal precedent, could impact our business, particularly if such action impacts one of our larger customers.
although we have more than 300 licensees, our qtl segment derives a significant portion of its revenues from a limited number of licensees, which increasingly includes a small number of chinese oems. in the event that one or more of our significant licensees fail to meet their reporting and payment obligations, or we are unable to renew or modify one or more of such license agreements under similar terms, our revenues, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely impacted. moreover, the future growth and success of our core licensing business will depend in part on the ability of our licensees to develop, introduce and deliver high-volume products that achieve and sustain customer acceptance. we have no control over the product development, sales efforts or pricing of products by our licensees, and our licensees might not be successful. reductions in sales of our licensees' products, or reductions in the average selling prices of wireless devices sold by our licensees without a sufficient increase in the volumes of such devices sold, would generally have an adverse effect on our licensing revenues. such adverse impact may be mitigated by the per unit royalty caps that apply to certain categories of complete wireless devices, namely smartphones, tablets, laptops and smartwatches.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues from the premium-tier device segment. if sales of premium-tier devices decrease, or sales of our premium-tier integrated circuit products decrease, our results of operations could be negatively affected.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues from the premium-tier device segment, and we expect this trend to continue in the foreseeable future. we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, slowing growth in the premium-tier device segment due to, among other factors, lengthening replacement cycles in developed regions, where premium-tier smartphones are common; increasing consumer demand in emerging regions and china where premium-tier smartphones are less common and replacement cycles are on average longer than in developed regions and are continuing to lengthen; and a maturing premium-tier smartphone industry in which demand is increasingly driven by new product launches and innovation cycles.
in addition, as discussed in the prior risk factor, our industry is experiencing concentration of device share at the premium tier among a few companies, which gives them significant leverage. further, certain of those companies have in the past utilized, currently utilize and may in the future utilize their own internally-developed integrated circuit products or our competitors' integrated circuit products rather than our products in all or a portion of their devices. these dynamics may result in reduced sales of or lower prices for our premium-tier integrated circuit products.
a reduction in sales of premium-tier devices, a reduction in sales of our premium-tier integrated circuit products (which have a higher revenue and margin contribution than our lower-tier integrated circuit products) or a shift in share away from oems that utilize our products to oems that do not utilize our products, would reduce our revenues and margins and may harm our ability to achieve or sustain expected financial results. any such reduction in revenues would also impact our cash resources available for other purposes, such as research and development.
efforts by some communications equipment manufacturers or their customers to avoid paying fair and reasonable royalties for the use of our intellectual property may require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources and may result in legal decisions or actions by governments, courts, regulators or agencies, standards development organizations (sdos) or other industry organizations that harm our business.
from time to time, companies initiate various strategies to attempt to negotiate, renegotiate, reduce and/or eliminate their need to pay royalties to us for the use of our intellectual property. these strategies have included: (i) litigation, often alleging infringement of patents held by such companies, patent misuse, patent exhaustion, patent invalidity or unenforceability of our patents or licenses, that we do not license our patents on fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory (frand) terms, or some form of unfair competition or competition law violation; (ii) taking positions contrary to our understanding (and/or the plain language) of their contracts with us; (iii) appeals to governmental authorities; (iv) collective action, including working with wireless operators, standards bodies, other like-minded companies and organizations, on both formal and informal bases, to adopt intellectual property policies and practices that could have the effect of limiting returns on intellectual property innovations; (v) lobbying governmental regulators and elected officials for the purpose of seeking the reduction of royalty rates or the base on which royalties are calculated, seeking to impose some form of compulsory licensing or weakening a patent holder's ability to enforce its rights or obtain a fair return for such rights; and (vi) various attempts by licensees to shift their royalty obligation to their suppliers that results in lowering the wholesale (i.e., licensee's) selling price on which the royalty is calculated.
in addition, certain licensees have disputed, underreported, underpaid, not reported or not paid royalties owed to us under their license agreements or reported to us in a manner that is not in compliance with their contractual obligations, and certain companies have yet to enter into or have delayed entering into or renewing license agreements with us for their use of our intellectual property. further, certain licensees and companies are currently engaged in such behavior and they or others may engage in such behavior in the future. the fact that one or more licensees dispute, underreport, underpay, do not report or do not pay royalties owed to us may encourage other licensees to take similar actions and may encourage other licensees or unlicensed companies to delay entering into, or not enter into, new license agreements. further, to the extent such licensees and companies increase their device share, the negative impact of their underreporting, underpayment, non-payment or non-reporting on our business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be exacerbated.
we have been in the past and are currently subject to various litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings, including the lawsuit filed against us by the united states federal trade commission (ftc). certain of these matters are described more fully in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7. commitments and contingencies." we may become subject to other litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings in the future. additionally, certain of our direct and indirect customers and licensees have pursued, and others may in the future pursue, litigation or arbitration against us related to our business. unfavorable resolutions of one or more of these matters have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. see the risk factors below entitled "our business, particularly our licensing business, may suffer as a result of adverse rulings in government investigations or proceedings" and "changes in our patent licensing practices, whether due to governmental investigations or private legal proceedings challenging those practices, or otherwise, could adversely impact our business and results of operations."
in addition, in connection with our participation in sdos, we, like other patent owners, generally have made contractual commitments to such organizations to license those of our patents that would necessarily be infringed by standard-compliant products as set forth in those commitments. some manufacturers and users of standard-compliant products advance interpretations of these commitments that are adverse to our licensing business, including interpretations that would limit the amount of royalties that we could collect on the licensing of our standard-essential patent portfolio.
further, some companies or entities have proposed significant changes to existing intellectual property policies for implementation by sdos and other industry organizations with the goal of significantly devaluing standard-essential patents. for example, some have put forth proposals which would require a maximum aggregate intellectual property royalty rate for the use of all standard-essential patents owned by all of the member companies to be applied to the selling price of any product implementing the relevant standard. they have further proposed that such maximum aggregate royalty rate be apportioned to each member company with standard-essential patents based upon the number of standard-essential patents held by such company. others have proposed that injunctions should not be an available remedy for infringement of standard-essential patents and have made proposals that could severely limit damage awards and other remedies by courts for patent infringement (e.g., by severely limiting the base upon which the royalty rate may be applied). a number of these strategies are purportedly based on interpretations of the policies of certain sdos concerning the licensing of patents that are or may be essential to industry standards and on our (or other companies') alleged failure to abide by these policies. some sdos, courts and governmental agencies have adopted and may in the future adopt some or all of these interpretations or proposals in a manner adverse to our interests, including in litigation to which we may not be a party.
we expect that such proposals, interpretations and strategies will continue in the future, and if successful, our business model would be harmed, either by limiting or eliminating our ability to collect royalties (or by reducing the royalties we can collect) on all or a portion of our standard-essential patent portfolio, limiting our return on investment with respect to new
technologies, limiting our ability to seek injunctions against infringers of our standard-essential patents, constraining our ability to make licensing commitments when submitting our technology for inclusion in future standards (which could make our technology less likely to be included in such standards) or forcing us to work outside of sdos or other industry groups to promote our new technologies, and our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. in addition, the legal and other costs associated with asserting or defending our positions have been and continue to be significant. we assume that such challenges, regardless of their merits, will continue into the foreseeable future and will require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources.
our business, particularly our licensing business, may suffer as a result of adverse rulings in government investigations or proceedings.
we have been in the past and are currently subject to various governmental investigations and proceedings, particularly with respect to our licensing business, including the lawsuit filed against us by the ftc. certain of these matters are described more fully in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7. commitments and contingencies." key allegations or findings in those matters include, among others, that we violate frand licensing commitments by refusing to grant licenses to chipset makers, that our royalty rates are too high, that the base on which our royalties are calculated should be something less than the wholesale (i.e., licensee's) selling price of the applicable device (minus certain permitted deductions), that we unlawfully require customers to execute a patent license before we sell them cellular modem chipsets, that we have entered into exclusive agreements with chipset customers that foreclose competition, and that we violate antitrust laws, engage in anticompetitive conduct and unfair methods of competition. we may become subject to other litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings in the future.
unfavorable resolutions of one or more of these matters have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. depending on the matter, various remedies that could result from an unfavorable resolution include, among others, the loss of our ability to enforce one or more of our patents; injunctions; monetary damages or fines or other orders to pay money; the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct or modify our business practices, such as requiring us to reduce our royalty rates, reduce the base on which our royalties are calculated, grant patent licenses to chipset manufacturers, sell chipsets to unlicensed oems or modify or renegotiate some or all of our existing license agreements; and determinations that some or all of our license agreements are invalid or unenforceable. if some or all of our license agreements are declared invalid or unenforceable and/or we are required to renegotiate these license agreements, we may not receive, or may not be able to recognize, some or any licensing or royalty revenues under the impacted license agreements unless and until we enter into new license agreements; and even licensees whose license agreements are not impacted may demand to renegotiate their agreements or invoke the dispute resolution provision in their agreements, and we may not be able to recognize some or any licensing or royalty revenues under such agreements. the renegotiation of license agreements could lead to arbitration or litigation to resolve the licensing terms (which could be less favorable to us than existing terms), each of which could take months or possibly years. licensees may underreport, underpay, not report or not pay royalties owed to us pending the conclusion of such negotiations, arbitration or litigation. in addition, we may be sued for alleged overpayments of past royalties paid to us, including private antitrust actions seeking treble damages under u.s. antitrust laws. further, if our appeal in the ftc lawsuit is unsuccessful, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. any such event could result in a materially negative impact on our financial condition, in which case we would have to significantly cut costs and other uses of cash, including in research and development, significantly impairing our ability to maintain product and technology leadership and invest in next generation technologies such as 5g. further, depending on the breadth and severity of the circumstances above, we may have to reduce or eliminate our capital return programs, and our ability to timely pay our indebtedness may be impacted. if these events occur, our financial outlook and stock price could decline, possibly significantly. further, a governmental body in a particular country or region may successfully assert and impose remedies with effects that extend beyond the borders of that country or region.
these challenges have required, and we expect that they will continue to require, the investment of significant management time and attention and have resulted, and we expect that they will continue to result, in increased legal costs until the respective matters are resolved.
changes in our patent licensing practices, whether due to governmental investigations or private legal proceedings challenging those practices, or otherwise, could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
as described in the risk factor above entitled "our business, particularly our licensing business, may suffer as a result of adverse rulings in government investigations or proceedings," we have been in the past and are currently subject to various governmental investigations and proceedings and private legal proceedings challenging our patent licensing and chipset sales practices, including the lawsuit filed against us by the ftc. certain of these matters are described more fully in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7. commitments and contingencies." we believe that one intent
of these investigations and legal proceedings is to reduce the amount of royalties that licensees are required to pay to us for their use of our intellectual property. we may become subject to other litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings in the future.
we historically licensed our cellular standard-essential patents together with our other patents that may be useful to licensed products because licensees desired to obtain the commercial benefits of receiving such broad patent rights from us. however, we also licensed only our cellular standard-essential patents to certain licensees who requested such licenses. since 2015, our standard practice in china is to offer licenses to our 3g and 4g (and now 5g) cellular standard-essential chinese patents for devices sold for use in china separately from our other patents. in addition, we also offer licenses to only our cellular standard-essential patents (including 3g, 4g and 5g) for both single-mode and multimode devices on a worldwide basis, and since 2018, an increasing number of new and existing licensees have elected to enter into worldwide license agreements covering only our cellular standard-essential patents. going forward, we continue to anticipate that a significant portion of our licensing revenues will be derived from licensees that have entered into license agreements covering only our cellular standard-essential patents. our royalty rates for licenses to only our cellular standard-essential patents are lower than our royalty rates for licenses to substantially all of our patent portfolio. if more licensees choose a license to only our cellular standard-essential patents instead of a portfolio license than has historically been the case, our licensing revenues and earnings would be negatively impacted unless we were able to license our other patents at rates that offset all or a portion of any difference between the royalties previously received for licenses of substantially all of our patent portfolio as compared to licenses of only our cellular standard-essential patents or there was a sufficient increase in the overall volume of sales of devices upon which royalties are paid.
if we were required to grant patent licenses to chipset manufacturers (which could lead to implementing a more complex, multi-level licensing structure in which we license certain portions of our patent portfolio to chipset manufacturers and other portions to device manufacturers), we would incur additional transaction costs, which may be significant, and we could incur delays in recognizing revenues until license negotiations were completed. in addition, our licensing revenues and earnings would be negatively impacted if we were not able to obtain, in the aggregate, equivalent revenues under such a multi-level licensing structure.
if we were required to reduce the royalty rates, we charge under our patent license agreements, our revenues, earnings and cash flows would be negatively impacted absent a sufficient increase in the volume of sales of devices upon which royalties are paid. similarly, if we were required to reduce the base on which our royalties are calculated, our revenues, results of operations and cash flows would be negatively impacted unless there was a sufficient increase in the volume of sales of devices upon which royalties are paid or we were able to increase our royalty rates to offset the decrease in revenues resulting from such lower royalty base (assuming the absolute royalty dollars were below any relevant royalty caps).
if we were required to sell chipsets to oems that do not have a license to our patents, our licensing program could be negatively impacted by patent exhaustion claims raised by such unlicensed oems (i.e., claims that our sale of chipsets to such oems forecloses us from asserting any patents substantially embodied by the chipsets against such oems). such sales would provide oems with a defense in the event we asserted our patents against them to obtain licensing revenue for those patents. this would have a material adverse effect on our licensing program and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
to the extent that we were required to implement any of these new licensing and/or business practices, including by modifying or renegotiating our existing license agreements or pursuing other commercial arrangements, we would incur additional transaction costs, which may be significant, and we could incur delays in recognizing revenues until license negotiations were completed. the impact of any such changes to our licensing practices could vary widely and by jurisdiction, depending on the specific outcomes and the geographic scope of such outcomes. in addition, if we were required to make modifications to our licensing practices in one jurisdiction, licensees or governmental agencies in other jurisdictions may attempt to obtain similar outcomes for themselves or for such other jurisdictions, as applicable.
finally, if our appeal in the ftc lawsuit is unsuccessful, it could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the enforcement and protection of our intellectual property rights may be expensive, could fail to prevent misappropriation or unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, could result in the loss of our ability to enforce one or more patents, and could be adversely affected by changes in patent laws, by laws in certain foreign jurisdictions that may not effectively protect our intellectual property rights and by ineffective enforcement of laws in such jurisdictions.
we rely primarily on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements, international treaties and other methods, to protect our proprietary information, technologies and processes, including our patent portfolio. policing unauthorized use of our products, technologies and proprietary information is difficult
and time consuming. the steps we have taken have not always prevented, and we cannot be certain the steps we will take in the future will prevent, the misappropriation or unauthorized use of our proprietary information and technologies, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary intellectual property rights as fully or as readily as u.s. laws or where the enforcement of such laws may be lacking or ineffective.
some industry participants who have a vested interest in devaluing patents in general, or standard-essential patents in particular, have mounted attacks on certain patent systems, increasing the likelihood of changes to established patent laws. in the united states, there is continued discussion regarding potential patent law changes and current and potential future litigation regarding patents, the outcomes of which could be detrimental to our licensing business. the laws in certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including certain countries in asia, may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws in the united states. we expect that the european union (eu) will adopt a unitary patent system in the next few years that may broadly impact that region's patent regime. we cannot predict with certainty the long-term effects of any potential changes. in addition, we cannot be certain that the laws and policies of any country or the practices of any standards bodies, foreign or domestic, with respect to intellectual property enforcement or licensing or the adoption of standards, will not be changed in the future in a way detrimental to our licensing program or to the sale or use of our products or technologies.
we have had, currently have, and may in the future have, difficulty in certain circumstances in protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights and contracts, including collecting royalties for use of our patent portfolio due to, among others: refusal by certain licensees to report and pay all or a portion of the royalties they owe to us; policies of foreign governments; challenges to our licensing practices under competition laws; adoption of mandatory licensing provisions by foreign jurisdictions; failure of foreign courts to recognize and enforce judgments of contract breach and damages issued by courts in the united states; and challenges before competition agencies to our licensing business and the pricing and integration of additional features and functionality into our chipset products. certain licensees have disputed, underreported, underpaid, not reported or not paid royalties owed to us under their license agreements with us or reported to us in a manner that is not in compliance with their contractual obligations, and certain companies have yet to enter into or have delayed entering into or renewing license agreements for their use of our intellectual property. further, certain licensees and companies are currently engaged in such behavior and they or others may engage in such behavior in the future. the fact that one or more licensees dispute, underreport, underpay, do not report or do not pay royalties owed to us may encourage other licensees to take similar actions and may encourage other licensees or unlicensed companies to delay entering into, or not enter into, new license agreements. additionally, although our license agreements provide us with the right to audit the books and records of licensees, audits can be expensive, time consuming, incomplete and subject to dispute. further, certain licensees may not comply with the obligation to provide full access to their books and records. to the extent we do not aggressively enforce our rights under our license agreements, licensees may not comply with their existing license agreements, and to the extent we do not aggressively pursue unlicensed companies to enter into license agreements with us for their use of our intellectual property, other unlicensed companies may not enter into license agreements. similarly, we provide access to certain of our intellectual property and proprietary and confidential business information to our direct and indirect customers and licensees, who have in the past and may in the future wrongfully use such intellectual property and information or wrongfully disclose such intellectual property and information to third parties, including our competitors.
we have engaged in litigation and arbitration in the past and may need to further litigate or arbitrate in the future to enforce our contract and intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. as a result of any such litigation or arbitration, we could lose our ability to enforce one or more patents, portions of our license agreements could be determined to be invalid or unenforceable (which may in turn result in other licensees either not complying with their existing license agreements or initiating litigation), license terms (including but not limited to royalty rates for the use of our intellectual property) could be imposed that are less favorable to us than existing terms, and we could incur substantial costs. any action we take to enforce our contract or intellectual property rights could be costly and could absorb significant management time and attention, which, in turn, could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows. further, even a positive resolution to our enforcement efforts may take time to conclude, which may reduce our revenues and cash resources available for other purposes, such as research and development, in the periods prior to conclusion.
our growth increasingly depends on our ability to extend our technologies, products and services into new and expanded product areas, such as rffe, and adjacent industry segments and applications outside of traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, computing, iot and networking, among others. our research, development and other investments in these new and expanded product areas, industry segments and applications, and related technologies, products and services, as well as in our existing technologies, products and services and new technologies, such as 5g, may not generate operating income or contribute to future results of operations that meet our expectations.
our industry is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and frequent new product introductions, and we must make substantial research, development and other investments, such as acquisitions, in new products, services and technologies to compete successfully. technological innovations generally require significant research and development efforts before they are commercially viable. while we continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4g- and 5g-based technologies, we also invest in new and expanded product areas, and adjacent industry segments and applications, by leveraging our existing technical and business expertise and through acquisitions.
in particular, our future growth significantly depends on new and expanded product areas, such as rffe, and adjacent industry segments and applications outside of traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, computing, iot (including the connected home, smart cities, wearables, voice and music and robotics) and networking, among others; our ability to develop leading and cost-effective technologies, products and services for new and expanded product areas, adjacent industry segments and applications; and third parties incorporating our technologies, products and services into devices used in these product areas, industry segments and applications. accordingly, we intend to continue to make substantial investments in these new and expanded product areas and adjacent industry segments and applications, and in developing new products, services and technologies for these product areas, industry segments and applications.
our growth also depends significantly on our ability to develop and patent 5g technologies, and to develop and commercialize products using 5g technologies.
however, our research, development and other investments in these new and expanded product areas and adjacent industry segments and applications, and corresponding technologies, products and services, as well as in our existing, technologies, products and services and new technologies, such as 5g, use of licensed, shared and unlicensed spectrum and convergence of cellular and wi-fi, may not succeed due to, among other reasons: we may not be issued patents on the technologies we develop; the technologies we develop may not be incorporated into relevant standards; new and expanded product areas and adjacent industry segments, applications and consumer demand may not develop or grow as anticipated; our strategies or the strategies of our customers, licensees or partners may not be successful; improvements in alternate technologies in ways that reduce the advantages we anticipate from our investments; competitors' technologies, products or services being more cost effective, having more capabilities or fewer limitations or being brought to market faster than our new technologies, products and services; we may not be able to develop, or our competitors may have more established and/or stronger, customer, vendor, distributor or other channel relationships; and competitors having longer operating histories in industry segments that are new to us. we may also underestimate the costs of or overestimate the future revenues or margins that could result from these investments, and these investments may not, or may take many years to, generate material returns.
further, the automotive industry is subject to long design-in time frames, long product life cycles and a high degree of regulatory and safety requirements, necessitating suppliers to the industry to comply with stringent qualification processes, very low defect rates and high reliability standards, all of which results in a significant barrier to entry and increased costs.
if our new technologies, products and services are not successful, or are not successful in the time frame we anticipate, we may incur significant costs and asset impairments, our business may not grow meaningfully, our revenues and margins may be negatively impacted, and our reputation may be harmed.
there are numerous risks associated with the operation and control of our manufacturing facilities, including a higher portion of fixed costs relative to a fabless model, environmental compliance and liability, exposure to natural disasters, timely supply of equipment and materials, and various manufacturing issues.
while our qct segment has historically utilized a fabless production model (which means that we do not own or operate foundries for the production of silicon wafers from which our integrated circuits are made), we own and operate various facilities that manufacture our rffe modules and rf filter acoustic products. manufacturing facilities are characterized by a higher portion of fixed costs relative to a fabless model. we may be faced with a decline in the utilization rates of our manufacturing facilities due to decreases in demand for our products, including in less favorable industry environments. during such periods, our manufacturing facilities could operate at lower capacity levels, while the fixed costs associated with full capacity continue to be incurred, resulting in lower gross profit.
we are subject to many environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate our manufacturing facilities, which govern, among other things, emissions of pollutants into the air, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous substances, waste disposal, the investigation and remediation of soil and ground water contamination and the health and safety of our employees. we are also required to obtain and maintain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. while we continue to take measures to comply, we cannot make assurances that we will be at all times in compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. certain environmental laws
impose strict, and in certain circumstances, joint and several, liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous substances. certain of these laws also assess liability on persons who arrange for hazardous substances to be sent to disposal or treatment facilities when such facilities are found to be contaminated. in addition, we could also be held liable for consequences arising out of human exposure to hazardous substances or other environmental damage.
we have manufacturing facilities in asia and europe. if tsunamis, flooding, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or other natural disasters, or geopolitical conflicts, were to damage, destroy or disrupt our manufacturing facilities, it could disrupt our operations, delay new production and shipments of inventory and result in costly repairs, replacements or other costs. in addition, natural disasters or geopolitical conflicts may result in disruptions in transportation, distribution channels and supply chains, and significant increases in the prices of raw materials.
our manufacturing operations depend on securing raw materials and other supplies in adequate quality and quantity in a timely manner from multiple suppliers, and in some cases, we rely on a limited number of suppliers, particularly in asia. accordingly, there may be cases where supplies of raw materials and other products are interrupted by disaster, accident or some other event at a supplier, supply is suspended due to quality or other issues, or there is a shortage of supply due to a rapid increase in demand, which could impact production and prevent us from supplying products to our customers. if the supply-demand balance is disrupted, it may considerably increase costs of manufacturing due to increased prices we pay for raw materials. from time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit the amounts supplied to us or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. additionally, supply and costs of raw materials may be negatively impacted by trade and/or national security protection policies, such as tariffs, or actions by governments that limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain companies or that limit or prevent certain companies from transacting business with us, or escalating trade tensions, particularly with countries in asia. further, it may be difficult or impossible to substitute one piece of equipment for another or replace one type of material with another. a failure by our suppliers to deliver our requirements could result in disruptions to our manufacturing operations.
our manufacturing processes are highly complex, require advanced and costly equipment and must be continuously modified to improve yields and performance. difficulties in the production process can reduce yields or interrupt production, and as a result, we may not be able to deliver products or do so in a timely, cost-effective or competitive manner. further, to remain competitive and meet customer demand, we may be required to improve our facilities and process technologies and carry out extensive research and development, each of which may require investment of significant amounts of capital and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
finally, we typically begin manufacturing our products using our or our customers' forecasts of customer demand, which are based on a number of assumptions and estimates and are generally not covered by purchase commitments. as a result, we incur inventory and manufacturing costs in advance of anticipated sales, which sales ultimately may not materialize or may be lower than expected. if we or our customer overestimate customer demand that is not under a binding commitment from our customer, we may experience higher inventory carrying and operating costs and/or increased excess or obsolete inventory, which would negatively impact our results of operations.
the continued and future success of our licensing programs requires us to continue to evolve our patent portfolio, and our licensing programs may be impacted by the proliferation of devices in new industry segments such as automotive, computing, iot and networking, as well as the need to renew or renegotiate license agreements that are expiring or to cover additional future patents.
we own a very strong portfolio of issued and pending patents related to 3g, 4g, 5g and other technologies. it is critical that we continue to evolve our patent portfolio, particularly in 5g. if we do not maintain a strong portfolio that is applicable to current and future standards, products and services, particularly 5g, our future licensing revenues could be negatively impacted.
in addition, new connectivity and other services are emerging that rely on devices that may or may not be used on traditional cellular networks, such as devices used in the automotive, computing, iot and networking industry segments. standards, even de facto standards, that develop as these technologies mature, in particular those that do not include a base level of interoperability, may impact our ability to obtain royalties at all or that are equivalent to those that we receive for products used in cellular communications. although we believe that our patented technologies are essential and useful to the commercialization of such services, any royalties we receive may be lower than those we receive from our current licensing program.
further, the licenses granted to and from us under a number of our license agreements include only patents that are either filed or issued prior to a certain date. as a result, there are agreements with some licensees where later patents are not licensed by or to us. additionally, all of our patent license agreements in china that were entered into in 2015 or thereafter, as
well as our recent worldwide cellular standard-essential patent only agreements, are effective for a specified term. in order to license or to obtain a license to such later patents or after the expiration of the specified term, and to receive royalties after the expiration date of the specified term, we will need to extend or modify such license agreements or enter into new license agreements with such licensees more frequently than we have done historically. in particular, our license agreements with certain of our key chinese licensees expire at the end of calendar year 2019. we might not be able to extend or modify those license agreements, or enter into new license agreements, in the future without negatively affecting the material terms and conditions of our license agreements with such licensees, and such modifications or new agreements may negatively impact our revenues. in some circumstances, we may extend, modify or enter into new license agreements as a result of arbitration or litigation, and terms imposed by arbitrators or courts may be less favorable to us than existing terms. if there is a delay in extending, modifying or entering into a new license agreement with a licensee, there would be a delay in our ability to recognize revenues related to that licensee's product sales. further, if we are unable to reach agreement on such modifications or new agreements, it could result in patent infringement litigation with such companies.
we depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the procurement, manufacture and testing of our products manufactured in a fabless production model. if we fail to execute supply strategies that provide technology leadership, supply assurance and low cost, our business and results of operations may be harmed. we are also subject to order and shipment uncertainties that could negatively impact our results of operations.
our qct segment primarily utilizes a fabless production model, which means that we do not own or operate foundries for the production of silicon wafers from which our integrated circuits are made. other than the facilities we own that manufacture our rffe modules and rf filter acoustic products, we rely on independent third-party suppliers to perform the manufacturing and assembly, and most of the testing, of our integrated circuits. our suppliers are also responsible for the procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production of our integrated circuits. we employ both turnkey and two-stage manufacturing models to purchase our integrated circuits. under the turnkey model, our foundry suppliers are responsible for delivering fully assembled and tested integrated circuits. under the two-stage manufacturing model, we purchase die in singular or wafer form from semiconductor manufacturing foundries and contract with separate third-party suppliers for manufacturing services such as wafer bump, probe, assembly and the majority of our final test requirements. the semiconductor manufacturing foundries that supply products to our qct segment are primarily located in asia, as are our primary warehouses where we store finished goods for fulfillment of customer orders.
the following could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand and negatively impact our revenues, business operations, profitability and cash flows:
•   a failure by our suppliers to procure raw materials or to provide or allocate adequate raw materials, manufacturing or test capacity for our products;
•   the loss of a supplier or the inability of a supplier to meet performance, quality or yield specifications or delivery schedules;
•   additional expense or production delays as a result of qualifying a new supplier and commencing volume production or testing in the event of a loss of, or a decision to add or change, a supplier; and
•   natural disasters or geopolitical conflicts impacting our suppliers.
additionally, supply and costs of raw materials may be negatively impacted by trade or national security protection policies, such as tariffs, or actions by governments that limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain companies or that limit or prevent certain companies from transacting business with us, or escalating trade tensions, particularly with countries in asia.
while we have established alternate suppliers for certain technologies, we rely on sole- or limited-source suppliers for certain products, subjecting us to significant risks, including: possible shortages of raw materials or manufacturing capacity; poor product performance; and reduced control over delivery schedules, manufacturing capability and yields, quality assurance, quantity and costs. to the extent we have established alternate suppliers, these suppliers may require significant levels of support to bring complex technologies to production. as a result, we may invest a significant amount of effort and resources and incur higher costs to support and maintain such alternate suppliers. further, any future consolidation of foundry suppliers could increase our vulnerability to sole- or limited-source arrangements and reduce our suppliers' willingness to negotiate pricing, which could negatively impact our ability to achieve cost reductions and could increase our manufacturing costs. our arrangements with our suppliers may obligate us to incur costs to manufacture and test our products that do not decrease at the same rate as decreases in pricing to our customers. our ability, and that of our suppliers, to develop or
maintain leading process technologies, including transitions to smaller geometry process technologies, and to effectively compete with the manufacturing processes and performance of our competitors, could impact our ability to introduce new products and meet customer demand, could increase our costs (possibly decreasing our margins) and could subject us to the risk of excess inventories. any of the above could negatively impact our business, results of operations and cash flows.
although we have long-term contracts with our suppliers, many of these contracts do not provide for long-term capacity commitments. to the extent we do not have firm commitments from our suppliers over a specific time period or for any specific quantity, our suppliers may allocate, and in the past have allocated, capacity to the production and testing of products for their other customers while reducing or limiting capacity to manufacture or test our products. accordingly, capacity for our products may not be available when we need it or at reasonable prices. to the extent we do obtain long-term capacity commitments, we may incur additional costs related to those commitments or make non-refundable payments for capacity commitments that are not used.
our suppliers or potential alternate suppliers may manufacture cdma- or ofdma-based integrated circuits, for themselves or for other companies, that compete with our products. such suppliers have in the past and could again elect to allocate raw materials and manufacturing capacity to their own products or products of our competitors and reduce or limit deliveries to us to our detriment.
in addition, we may not receive reasonable pricing, manufacturing or delivery terms from our suppliers. we cannot guarantee that the actions of our suppliers will not cause disruptions in our operations that could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations to our customers or increase our cost of sales. to the extent we are unable to obtain adequate supply, we may be obligated to make payment to our customers for such shortfalls.
additionally, we place orders with our suppliers using our and our customers' forecasts of customer demand, which are based on a number of assumptions and estimates. as we move to smaller geometry process technologies, the manufacturing lead-time increases. as a result, the orders we place with our suppliers are generally only partially covered by commitments from our customers. if we, or our customers, overestimate customer demand that is not under a binding commitment from our customer, we may experience increased excess or obsolete inventory, which would negatively impact our results of operations.
claims by other companies that we infringe their intellectual property could adversely affect our business.
from time to time, companies have asserted, and may again assert, patent, copyright and other intellectual property rights against our products or products using our technologies or other technologies used in our industry. these claims have resulted and may again result in our involvement in litigation. we may not prevail in such litigation given, among other factors, the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. if any of our products or services were found to infringe another company's intellectual property rights, we could be subject to an injunction or be required to redesign our products or services, which could be costly, or to license such rights or pay damages or other compensation to such other company. if we are unable to redesign our products or services, license such intellectual property rights used in our products or services or otherwise distribute our products (e.g., through a licensed supplier), we could be prohibited from making and selling such products or providing such services. similarly, our suppliers could be found to infringe another company's intellectual property rights, and such suppliers could then be enjoined from providing products or services to us.
in any potential dispute involving us and another company's patents or other intellectual property, our chipset foundries, semiconductor assembly and test providers and customers could also become the targets of litigation. we are contingently liable under certain product sales, services, license and other agreements to indemnify certain customers, chipset foundries and semiconductor assembly and test service providers against certain types of liability and damages arising from qualifying claims of patent infringement by products or services sold or provided by us, or by intellectual property provided by us to our chipset foundries and semiconductor assembly and test service providers. reimbursements under indemnification arrangements could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. furthermore, any such litigation could severely disrupt the supply of our products and the businesses of our chipset customers and their customers, which in turn could harm our relationships with them and could result in a decline in our chipset sales or a reduction in our licensees' sales, causing a corresponding decline in our chipset or licensing revenues. any claims, regardless of their merit, could be time consuming to address, result in costly litigation, divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel or cause product release or shipment delays, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
we may continue to be involved in litigation and may have to appear in front of administrative bodies (such as the united states international trade commission) to defend against patent assertions against our products by companies, some of whom are attempting to gain competitive advantage or leverage in licensing negotiations. we may not be successful in such proceedings, and if we are not, the range of possible outcomes is very broad and may include, for example, monetary
damages or fines or other orders to pay money, royalty payments, injunctions on the sale of certain of our integrated circuit products (or on the sale of our customers' devices using such products) or the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct or modify our business practices. further, a governmental body in a particular country or region may assert, and may be successful in imposing, remedies with effects that extend beyond the borders of that country or region. in addition, a negative outcome in any such proceeding could severely disrupt the business of our chipset customers and their wireless operator customers, which in turn could harm our relationships with them and could result in a decline in our worldwide chipset sales or a reduction in our licensees' sales to wireless operators, causing corresponding declines in our chipset or licensing revenues.
certain legal matters, which may include certain claims by other companies that we infringe their intellectual property, are described more fully in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7. commitments and contingencies."
we may engage in strategic acquisitions, transactions or make investments, or be unable to consummate planned strategic acquisitions, which could adversely affect our results of operations or fail to enhance stockholder value.
we engage in strategic acquisitions and other transactions, including joint ventures, and make investments, which we believe are important to the future of our business, with the goal of maximizing stockholder value. from time to time, we acquire businesses and other assets, including patents, technology, wireless spectrum and other intangible assets, enter into joint ventures or other strategic transactions and purchase minority equity interests in or make loans to companies, including those that may be private and early-stage. our strategic activities are generally focused on opening or expanding opportunities for our products and technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products and services (or enhancing existing products or services) for voice and data communications and new industry segments. many of our strategic activities entail a high degree of risk and require the use of significant amounts of capital, and investments may not become liquid for several years after the date of the investment, if at all. our strategic activities may not generate financial returns or result in increased adoption or continued use of our technologies, products or services. we may underestimate the costs or overestimate the benefits, including product, revenue, cost and other synergies and growth opportunities that we expect to realize, and we may not achieve those benefits. in some cases, we may be required to consolidate or record our share of the earnings or losses of companies in which we have acquired ownership interests. in addition, we may record impairment charges related to our strategic activities. any losses or impairment charges that we incur related to strategic activities will have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations, and we may continue to incur new or additional losses related to strategic assets or investments that we have not fully impaired or exited.
achieving the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions, including joint ventures and other strategic investments in which we have management and operational control, depends in part upon our ability to integrate the businesses in an efficient and effective manner and achieve anticipated synergies, and we may not be successful in these efforts. such integration is complex and time consuming and involves significant challenges, including, among others: retaining key employees; successfully integrating new employees, technology, products, processes, operations (including manufacturing operations), sales and distribution channels, business models and business systems; retaining customers and suppliers of the businesses; consolidating research and development and supply operations; minimizing the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business matters; consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures; and managing the increased scale, complexity and globalization of our business, operations and employee base. we may not derive any commercial value from associated technologies or products or from future technologies or products based on these technologies, and we may be subject to liabilities that are not covered by indemnification protection that we may obtain, and we may become subject to litigation. additionally, we may not be successful in entering or expanding into new sales or distribution channels, business or operational models (including manufacturing), geographic regions, industry segments or categories of products served by or adjacent to the associated businesses or in addressing potential new opportunities that may arise out of the combination.
if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions or other strategic activities, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected, and we may not enhance stockholder value by engaging in these transactions.
many of our acquisitions and other strategic investments require approval by the united states and/or foreign government agencies. certain agencies in the past have, and may in the future, deny the transaction or fail to approve in a timely manner, resulting in us not realizing the anticipated benefits of the transaction. future acquisitions or other strategic investments may be more difficult, complex or expensive to the extent that our reputation for our ability to consummate acquisitions has been harmed. further, if u.s./china trade relations remain strained, our ability to consummate any transaction that would require approval from the state administration for market regulation (samr) in china may be severely impacted.
we are subject to various laws, regulations, policies and standards. our business may suffer as a result of existing, new or amended laws, regulations, policies or standards, or our failure or inability to comply with laws, regulations, policies or standards.
our business, products and services, and those of our customers and licensees, are subject to various laws and regulations globally, as well as government policies and the specifications of international, national and regional communications standards bodies. compliance with existing laws, regulations, policies and standards, the adoption of new laws, regulations, policies or standards, changes in the interpretation of existing laws, regulations, policies or standards, changes in the regulation of our activities by a government or standards body or rulings in court, regulatory, administrative or other proceedings relating to such laws, regulations, policies or standards, including, among others, those affecting licensing practices, competitive business practices, the use of our technology or products, protection of intellectual property, trade and trade protection including tariffs, cybersecurity, foreign currency, investments or loans, spectrum availability and license issuance, adoption of standards, the provision of device subsidies by wireless operators to their customers, taxation, export control, privacy and data protection, environmental protection, health and safety, labor and employment, human rights, corporate governance, public disclosure or business conduct, could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
government policies, particularly in china, that regulate the amount and timing of funds that may flow out of a country have impacted and may continue to impact the timing of our receipt of and/or ability to receive payments from our customers and licensees in such countries, which may negatively impact our cash flows.
further, china has implemented, and other countries or regions may implement, cybersecurity laws that require that our overall information technology security environment meet certain standards and/or to be certified. such laws may be complex, ambiguous and subject to interpretation, which may create uncertainty regarding compliance. as a result, our efforts to comply with such laws may be expensive and may fail, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows.
delays in government approvals or other governmental activities that could result from, among others, a decrease in or a lack of funding for certain agencies or branches of the government, trade or national security protection policies, or political changes, could result in our incurring higher costs, could negatively impact our ability to timely consummate strategic transactions and could have other negative impacts on our business and the businesses of our customers and licensees.
import/export regulations, such as the u.s. export administration regulations administered by the u.s. department of commerce, are complex, change frequently, have generally become more stringent over time and have intensified under the current u.s. administration. if our customers or suppliers fail to comply with these regulations, we may be required to suspend activities with these customers or suppliers, which could negatively impact our results of operations. additionally, we may be required to incur significant expense to comply with, or to remedy violations of, these regulations.
national, state and local environmental laws and regulations affect our operations around the world. these laws may make it more expensive to manufacture, have manufactured and sell products, and our costs could increase if our vendors (e.g., suppliers, third-party manufacturers or utility companies) pass on their costs to us. the imposition of tariffs on raw materials or our products could also have a negative impact on our revenues and results of operations. we are also subject to laws and regulations impacting our manufacturing operations. see the risk factor entitled "there are numerous risks associated with the operation and control of our manufacturing facilities, including a higher portion of fixed costs relative to a fabless model, environmental compliance and liability, exposure to natural disasters, timely supply of equipment and materials, and various manufacturing issues."
regulations in the united states require that we determine whether certain materials used in our products, referred to as conflict minerals, originated in the democratic republic of the congo or an adjoining country (collectively, the covered countries), or were from recycled or scrap sources. other countries and regions are imposing similar regulations, which may require us to undertake additional verification and reporting, including regarding countries in addition to the covered countries and minerals in addition to conflict minerals. the verification and reporting requirements, in addition to customer demands for conflict free sourcing, impose additional costs on us and on our suppliers and may limit the sources or increase the prices of materials used in our products. further, if we are unable to determine that the conflict minerals used in our products do not directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed groups in the covered countries, we may face challenges with our customers that place us at a competitive disadvantage, and our reputation may be harmed. similarly, other laws and regulations have been adopted or proposed that require additional transparency regarding the employment practices of our suppliers, and any failure to maintain responsible sourcing practices could also adversely affect our relationships with customers and our reputation.
laws, regulations, policies and standards are complex and changing and may create uncertainty regarding compliance. laws, regulations, policies and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases, and their application in practice may evolve over time. as a result, our efforts to comply may fail, particularly if there is ambiguity as to how they should be applied in practice. failure to comply with any law, regulation, policy or standard may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. new laws, regulations, policies and standards or evolving interpretations of legal requirements may cause us to incur higher costs as we revise current practices, policies or procedures and may divert management time and attention to compliance activities.
our use of open source software may harm our business.
certain of our software and our suppliers' software may contain or may be derived from "open source" software, and we have seen, and believe we will continue to see, an increase in customers requesting that we develop products, including software associated with our integrated circuit products, that incorporate open source software elements and operate in an open source environment, which, under certain open source licenses, may offer accessibility to a portion of a product's source code and may expose related intellectual property to adverse licensing conditions. licensing of such software may impose certain obligations on us if we were to distribute derivative works of the open source software. for example, these obligations may require us to make source code for the derivative works available to our customers in a manner that allows them to make such source code available to their customers or license such derivative works under a particular type of license that is different than what we customarily use to license our software. furthermore, in the course of product development, we may make contributions to third party open source projects that could obligate our intellectual property to adverse licensing conditions. for example, to encourage the growth of a software ecosystem that is interoperable with our products, we may need to contribute certain implementations under the open source licensing terms that govern such projects, which may adversely impact certain of our associated intellectual property. developing open source products, while adequately protecting the intellectual property rights upon which our licensing business depends, may prove burdensome and time-consuming under certain circumstances, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage, and we may not adequately protect our intellectual property rights. also, our use and our customers' use of open source software may subject our products and our customers' products to governmental scrutiny and delays in product certification, which could cause customers to view our products as less desirable than our competitors' products. while we believe we have taken appropriate steps and employ adequate controls to protect our intellectual property rights, our contributions to and use of open source software presents risks that could have an adverse effect on these rights and on our business.
we operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry, which is subject to significant downturns that may adversely impact our business. our stock price, earnings and the fair value of our investments are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations due to this dynamic and others, and to market downturns generally.
the semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and characterized by constant and rapid technological change, price erosion, evolving technical standards, frequent new product introductions, short product life cycles (for both semiconductors and for many of the products in which they are used) and fluctuations in product supply and demand. from time to time, these factors, together with changes in general economic conditions, cause significant upturns and downturns in the semiconductor industry. periods of downturns have been characterized by diminished demand for end-user products, high inventory levels, periods of inventory adjustment, underutilization of manufacturing capacity, changes in revenue mix and erosion of average selling prices. we expect our business to continue to be subject to cyclical downturns, even when overall economic conditions are relatively stable. if we cannot offset semiconductor industry or market downturns, our revenues may decline, and our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted.
our stock price and earnings have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. factors that may have a significant impact on the market price of our stock and earnings include those identified above and throughout this risk factors section; volatility of the stock market in general and technology-based and semiconductor companies in particular; announcements concerning us, our suppliers, our competitors or our customers or licensees; and variations between our actual financial results or guidance and expectations of securities analysts or investors, among others. further, increased volatility in the financial markets and overall economic conditions may reduce the amounts that we realize in the future on our cash equivalents and marketable securities and may reduce our earnings as a result of any reductions in the fair values of marketable securities.
in the past, securities class action litigation has been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. due to changes in our stock price, we are and may in the future be the target of securities litigation. securities litigation could result in substantial uninsured costs and divert management's attention and our resources. certain legal matters, including certain securities litigation brought against us, are described more fully in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7. commitments and contingencies."
there are risks associated with our indebtedness and our significant stock repurchase program.
our outstanding indebtedness and any additional indebtedness we incur may have negative consequences on our business, including, among others:
•   requiring us to use cash to pay the principal of and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash available for other purposes;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends or general corporate or other purposes;
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, our industry and the market; and
•   increasing our vulnerability to interest rate fluctuations to the extent a portion of our debt has variable interest rates.
our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which is subject to economic and political conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors, including factors which negatively impact our cash flows, such as licensees withholding some or all of the royalty payments they owe to us or our paying fines or modifying our business practices in connection with regulatory investigations or litigation, many of which are beyond our control. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required to, among other things: refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness; reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures; reduce or eliminate our dividend payments; or sell selected assets. such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt. in addition, any such refinancing, restructuring or sale of assets might not be available on economically favorable terms or at all, and if prevailing interest rates at the time of any such refinancing or restructuring are higher than our current rates, interest expense related to such refinancing or restructuring would increase. if there are adverse changes in the ratings assigned to our debt securities by credit rating agencies, our borrowing costs, our ability to access debt in the future and the terms of such debt could be adversely affected.
our current outstanding variable rate indebtedness uses libor as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. libor is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. these reforms may cause libor to disappear entirely after 2021 or to perform differently than in the past. we expect that reasonable alternatives to libor will be created and implemented prior to the 2021 target date. fallback provisions are being written into libor-based contracts to attempt to reduce the risk of sudden and unpredictable increases in the cost of variable rate indebtedness. however, we cannot predict the consequences and timing of these developments.
we have implemented a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $30 billion of our outstanding common stock. this stock repurchase program has significantly reduced and will continue to reduce the amount of cash that we have available to fund our operations, including research and development, working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, dividends and other corporate purposes; and increases our exposure to adverse economic, market, industry and competitive conditions and developments, and other changes in our business and our industry. in addition, this significant decrease in our cash reserves exacerbates the risks described above associated with our indebtedness.
our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches of our information technology systems, or other misappropriation of our intellectual property or proprietary or confidential information.
third parties regularly attempt to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems, and most of such attempts are increasingly more sophisticated. these attempts, which might be related to industrial or other espionage, criminal hackers or state-sponsored intrusions, include trying to covertly introduce malware to our computers and networks, including those in our manufacturing operations, and impersonating authorized users, among others. in addition, third party suppliers that we may rely on to store and/or process our confidential information may also be subject to similar attacks. such attempts could result in the misappropriation, theft, misuse, disclosure or loss or destruction of the intellectual property, or the proprietary, confidential or personal information, of us or our employees, customers, licensees, suppliers or other third parties, as well as damage to or disruptions in our information technology systems. these threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of successfully defending against them or implementing adequate preventative measures.
we seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems may be successful, and in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. the misappropriation, theft, misuse, disclosure or loss or destruction of the intellectual property, or the proprietary, confidential or personal information, of us or our employees, customers, licensees, suppliers or other third parties, could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives, cause us to lose business, damage our reputation, subject us to legal or regulatory proceedings, cause us to incur other loss or liability and otherwise adversely affect our business. we expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our information technology systems.
in addition, employees and former employees, in particular former employees who become employees of our competitors, customers or licensees, may misappropriate, use, publish or provide to our competitors, customers, licensees or other third parties our intellectual property or proprietary or confidential business information. this risk is exacerbated as competitors for talent, particularly engineering talent, increasingly attempt to hire our employees. see the risk factor entitled "we may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees." similarly, we provide access to certain of our intellectual property or proprietary or confidential business information to our direct and indirect customers and licensees and certain of our consultants, who may wrongfully use such intellectual property or information, or wrongfully disclose such intellectual property or information to third parties, including our competitors.
potential tax liabilities could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. we regularly are subject to examination of our tax returns and reports by taxing authorities in the united states federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions, most notably in countries where we earn a routine return and the tax authorities believe substantial value-add activities are performed. our current examinations are at various stages with respect to assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds. we continually assess the likelihood and amount of potential adjustments and adjust the income tax provision, income taxes payable and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts giving rise to a revision become known. although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related legal proceedings could materially differ from amounts reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. in such case, our income tax provision, results of operations and cash flows in the period or periods in which that determination is made could be negatively affected.
the united states treasury department has issued proposed regulations on several provisions of the tax legislation, including foreign tax credits, fdii, beat and interest expense deduction limitations, which are expected to be finalized in the next several months. when finalized, these proposed regulations may adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations and/or cash flows.
we have tax incentives in singapore provided that we meet specified employment and other criteria, and as a result of the expiration of these incentives, our singapore tax rate is expected to increase in fiscal 2022 and again in fiscal 2027. if we do not meet the criteria required to retain such incentives, our singapore tax rate could increase prior to fiscal 2022, and our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
tax rules may change in a manner that adversely affects our future reported results of operations or the way we conduct our business. further changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting (beps) project that was undertaken by the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd). the oecd, which represents a coalition of member countries, recommended changes to numerous long-standing tax principles related to transfer pricing. these changes, as adopted by countries, may increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations and cash flows. partially to address beps, we moved certain ip from singapore to the united states. as a result, if tax rates were to increase in the united states, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
global, regional or local economic conditions, or political actions including trade and/or national security protection policies, such as tariffs, that impact the mobile communications industry or the other industries in which we operate could negatively affect the demand for our products and services and our customers' or licensees' products and services, which may negatively affect our revenues.
a decline in global, regional or local economic conditions, a slow-down in economic growth, political actions including trade and/or national security protection policies, such as tariffs, or actions by governments that limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain companies or that limit or prevent certain companies from transacting business with us, particularly in geographic regions with high concentrations of wireless voice and data users or high concentrations of our customers or licensees, could have adverse, wide-ranging effects on demand for our products and services and for the products and services of our customers or licensees, particularly equipment manufacturers or others in the wireless communications industry who buy their products, such as wireless operators. any prolonged economic downturn or "trade war" may result in a decrease in demand for our products and technologies; a decrease in demand for the products of our customers or licensees; the insolvency of key suppliers, customers or licensees; delays in reporting or payments from our licensees or customers; failures by counterparties; and negative effects on wireless device inventories. in addition, our customers' ability to purchase or pay for our products and services and network operators' ability to upgrade their wireless networks could be adversely affected by economic conditions, leading to a reduction, cancelation or delay of orders for our products and services.
our future success depends largely upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key management and technical personnel, and on our ability to continue to identify, attract, retain and motivate them. implementing our business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, as our revenues are highly dependent on technological and product innovations. the market for employees in our industry is extremely competitive, and competitors for talent, particularly engineering talent, increasingly attempt to hire, and to varying degrees have been successful in hiring, our employees, including by establishing local offices near our headquarters in san diego, california. a number of such competitors for talent are significantly larger than us and are able to offer compensation in excess of what we are able to offer. further, existing immigration laws make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain highly skilled foreign national graduates of universities in the united states, making the pool of available talent even smaller. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our business may be harmed.
currency fluctuations could negatively affect future product sales or royalty revenues, harm our ability to collect receivables or increase the u.s. dollar cost of our products.
our customers sell their products throughout the world in various currencies. our consolidated revenues from international customers and licensees accounted for a significant portion of our total revenues in each of the last three fiscal years. adverse movements in currency exchange rates may negatively affect our business, revenues, results of operations and cash flows due to a number of factors, including, among others:
•   our products and those of our customers and licensees that are sold outside the united states may become less price-competitive, which may result in reduced demand for those products or downward pressure on average selling prices;
•   certain of our revenues that are derived from products that are sold in foreign currencies could decrease, resulting in lower revenues, cash flows and margins;
•   certain of our revenues, such as royalties, that are derived from licensee or customer sales denominated in foreign currencies could decrease, resulting in lower revenues and cash flows;
•   our foreign suppliers may raise their prices if they are impacted by currency fluctuations, resulting in higher than expected costs, and lower margins and cash flows;
•   certain of our costs that are denominated in foreign currencies could increase, resulting in higher than expected costs and cash outflows; and
•   foreign exchange hedging exposes us to counterparty risk and may require the payment of structuring fees. if the foreign exchange hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge results may cause earnings volatility. the foreign exchange hedging activities are designed to lessen earnings volatility; therefore, hedges may reduce the impact of currency fluctuations to certain revenues and costs.
failures in our products or services, or in the products or services of our customers or licensees, including those resulting from security vulnerabilities, defects or errors, could harm our business.
the use of devices containing our products to interact with untrusted systems or otherwise access untrusted content creates a risk of exposing the system hardware and software in those devices to malicious attacks. while we continue to focus on this issue and are taking measures to safeguard our products from cybersecurity threats, device capabilities continue to evolve, enabling more elaborate functionality and applications, and increasing the risk of security failures. further, our products are inherently complex and may contain defects or errors that are detected only when the products are in use. development of products and features in new domains of technology and the migration to integrated circuit technologies with smaller geometric feature sizes are complex, add risk to manufacturing yields and reliability and increase the likelihood of product defects or errors. because our products and services are responsible for critical functions in our customers' products and networks, security failures, defects or errors in our products or services could have an adverse impact on us, on our customers and the end users of our customers' products. such adverse impact could include shipment delays; write-offs of our inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets; unfavorable purchase commitments; a shift of business to our competitors; a decrease in demand for connected devices and wireless services; damage to our reputation and our customer relationships; regulatory actions; and other financial liability or harm to our business. in addition, security failures, defects or errors in the products of our customers or licensees could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows due to a delay or decrease in demand for our products or services generally, and our premium-tier products in particular, among other factors. further, failures, defects or errors in our products or those of our customers or licensees entail the risk of product liability claims or recalls.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. actual results may differ materially from those referred to herein due to a number of factors, including but not limited to risks described in "part i, item 1a. risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report.
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this annual report.
fiscal 2019 overview revenues were $24.3 billion, an increase of 7% from fiscal 2018, with net income of $4.4 billion, compared to net loss of $5.0 billion in fiscal 2018. highlights and other events from fiscal 2019 included:
•   from october 2018 through september 2019, approximately 1.4 billion smartphones are estimated to have shipped globally, representing a year-over-year decrease of approximately 4% (idc, mobile phone tracker, 2019q3), primarily driven by further lengthening of replacement cycles, particularly in developed regions and china where consumer demand is increasingly driven by new product launches and/or innovation cycles as the industry transitions to 5g.
•   qct results in fiscal 2019 were negatively impacted by lower modem sales to apple.
•   in april 2019, we entered into settlement agreements with apple and its contract manufacturers to dismiss all outstanding litigation between the parties. we also entered into a six-year global patent license agreement with apple, effective as of april 1, 2019, which includes an option for apple to extend for two additional years, and a multi-year chipset supply agreement with apple. in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we recognized licensing revenues of $4.7 billion resulting from the settlement, consisting of a payment from apple and the release of certain of our obligations to pay apple and its contract manufacturers customer-related liabilities. in addition, our qtl results for the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2019 included royalties from apple and its contract manufacturers for sales made in such quarters.
•   qtl results in fiscal 2019 reflected certain reductions made in the per unit royalty caps (which provide a maximum royalty amount payable per device) in fiscal 2019 and 2018. while we expect these changes to enhance stability for the long term, they negatively impacted qtl royalty revenues in fiscal 2019. in addition, an increasing number of new and existing licensees have elected to enter into worldwide license agreements covering only our cellular standard essential patents, resulting in lower qtl royalty revenues in fiscal 2019.
•   qtl revenues in fiscal 2019 included $450 million paid under a second interim agreement with huawei that concluded in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, and although negotiations continue, we have not reached a final agreement with huawei. this represents a minimum, non-refundable amount for royalties due and does not reflect the full amount of royalties due under the underlying license agreement. we did not record any revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 for royalties due on the sales of huawei's products.
•   in may 2019, in united states federal trade commission (ftc) v. qualcomm incorporated, the court issued an order ruling against us and imposing certain injunctive relief. we disagree with the court's conclusions, interpretation of the facts and application of the law. accordingly, we filed a motion to stay certain of the remedies with, and have appealed the decision to, the ninth circuit court of appeals (ninth circuit). in august 2019, our partial motion to stay was granted in its entirety by the ninth circuit. the impact of the order and the ninth circuit granting our motion for partial stay did not have a material impact to qtl licensing revenues recognized in fiscal 2019 based on facts and factors currently known by us.
•   in july 2019, the european commission (ec) issued a decision ruling that between 2009 and 2011 we engaged in predatory pricing with respect to two customers and imposed a fine (2019 ec fine) of approximately 242 million euros, which resulted in a $275 million charge to other expenses in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. in october 2019, we filed an appeal of the ec's decision, and we provided a financial guarantee to satisfy the obligation in lieu of a cash payment while we appeal the ec's decision.
•   in the second quarter of fiscal 2018, we announced a cost plan designed to align our cost structure to our long-term margin targets. as part of this plan, we initiated a series of targeted actions across our businesses with the objective to reduce annual costs by $1 billion, excluding incremental costs resulting from any future acquisition of a business. actions taken under this plan have been completed and resulted in us achieving substantially all of this target in fiscal
2019 based on our run rate exiting the second quarter of fiscal 2019, excluding litigation costs that were in excess of the baseline spend. we recorded net restructuring and restructuring-related charges of $213 million in fiscal 2019 related to our cost plan.
•   beginning in fiscal 2019, certain provisions of the 2017 u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the tax legislation) became effective, including new taxes on certain foreign income. our estimated annual effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 reflected the effects of these provisions of the tax legislation, and it also included the effects of tax elections made by several of our foreign subsidiaries in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 to be treated as u.s. branches for federal income tax purposes effective beginning in fiscal 2018 and 2019, which resulted in an income tax benefit of $570 million recorded discretely in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.
•   during the third quarter of fiscal 2019, the united states treasury department issued new temporary regulations that resulted in a change to the deductibility of dividend income received by a u.s. stockholder from a foreign corporation. as a result of this change, pursuant to an agreement with the internal revenue service, we relinquished the federal tax basis step-up of intellectual property that was distributed in fiscal 2018 by one of our foreign subsidiaries to a u.s. subsidiary. therefore, the related deferred tax asset was derecognized, resulting in a $2.5 billion charge to income tax expense in the third quarter of fiscal 2019.
our business and operating segments we develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. we derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights.
we are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. we conduct business primarily through our qct (qualcomm cdma technologies) semiconductor business and our qtl (qualcomm technology licensing) licensing business. qct develops and supplies integrated circuits and system software based on cdma, ofdma and other technologies for use in mobile devices (primarily smartphones), tablets, laptops, data modules, handheld wireless computers and gaming devices, access points and routers, broadband gateway equipment, data cards and infrastructure equipment, iot devices and applications, other consumer electronics and automotive telematics and infotainment systems. qtl grants licenses or otherwise provides rights to use portions of our intellectual property portfolio, which, among other rights, includes certain patent rights essential to and/or useful in the manufacture, sale and/or use of certain wireless products. our qsi (qualcomm strategic initiatives) reportable segment makes strategic investments. we also have nonreportable segments, including qualcomm government technologies or qgov (formerly qualcomm cyber security solutions) and other wireless technology and service initiatives.
our reportable segments are operated by qualcomm incorporated and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. substantially all of our products and services businesses, including qct, and substantially all of our engineering, research and development functions, are operated by qualcomm technologies, inc. (qti), a wholly-owned subsidiary of qualcomm incorporated, and qti's subsidiaries. qtl is operated by qualcomm incorporated, which owns the vast majority of our patent portfolio. neither qti nor any of its subsidiaries has any right, power or authority to grant any licenses or other rights under or to any patents owned by qualcomm incorporated.
further information regarding our business and operating segments is provided in "part i, item 1. business" of this annual report.
seasonality. many of our products and/or much of our intellectual property are incorporated into consumer wireless devices, which are subject to seasonality and other fluctuations in demand. our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles (such as the transition to the next generation of wireless technologies). this has resulted in fluctuations in qct revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products and in qtl revenues when the related royalties were recognized, which prior to fiscal 2019 was when licensees reported their sales and beginning in fiscal 2019 was when the licensees' sales occurred. our historical trends were impacted by our prior dispute with apple and its contract manufacturers, which was settled in april 2019. we expect to begin recording revenues for new chipset models under our recently announced multi-year chipset agreement with apple in the second half of fiscal 2020. these trends may or may not continue in the future. further, the trends for qtl have been, and/or may in the future be, impacted by disputes and/or resolutions with licensees and/or governmental investigations or proceedings, including the lawsuit filed against us by the ftc.
results of operations revenues (in millions)
2019                                     2018                2017                    2019 vs. 2018 change       2018 vs. 2017 change equipment and services     $14,611             $17,400             $16,647               $(2,789        )              $753
+   $4.7 billion in licensing revenues recorded in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 resulting from the settlement with apple and its contract manufacturers (which were not allocated to our segment results)
-   $2.7 billion in lower equipment and services revenues from our qct segment
+   $745 million in higher equipment and services revenues from our qct segment
-   $100 million reduction to licensing revenues recorded in fiscal 2018 related to a portion of a business arrangement that resolved a legal dispute (which was not allocated to our segment results)
2019                                    2018                        2017                        2019 vs. 2018 change           2018 vs. 2017 change cost of revenues        $8,599                     $10,244                      $9,792          $(1,645           )                   $452
-   decrease in higher margin qtl licensing revenues as a proportion of total revenues
-   reduction to licensing revenues recorded in fiscal 2018 related to a portion of a business arrangement that resolved a legal dispute
+   reduction to licensing revenues recorded in fiscal 2017 related to the blackberry arbitration our margin percentage may continue to fluctuate in future periods depending on the mix of segment results as well as products sold, competitive pricing, new product introduction costs and other factors, including disputes and/or resolutions with licensees and/or governmental investigations or proceedings, including the lawsuit filed against us by the ftc.
2019                                                    2018                2017   2019 vs. 2018 change           2018 vs. 2017 change research and development      $5,398              $5,625              $5,485       $(227             )                   $140
% of revenues                     22   %              25   %              25   %
the dollar decrease in research and development expenses in fiscal 2019 was primarily due to:
-   $221 million decrease primarily driven by actions taken under our cost plan, partially offset by higher share-based compensation expense and higher employee cash incentive programs
the dollar increase in research and development expenses in fiscal 2018 was primarily due to:
+   $168 million, net of cost decreases driven by actions taken under our cost plan, in higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies, including 5g technologies and rffe technologies from the formation of rf360 holdings in the second quarter of fiscal 2017
-   $30 million impairment charge on certain intangible assets recorded in fiscal 2017
in fiscal 2018, all of the costs ($474 million) related to pre-commercial research and development of 5g technologies were included in unallocated corporate research and development expenses. beginning in fiscal 2019, all research and development costs associated with 5g technologies were included in segment results. additionally, beginning in fiscal 2019, certain research and development costs associated with early research and development that were historically included in our qct segment were allocated to our qtl segment. the net effect of these changes negatively impacted qtl's ebt by $489 million in fiscal 2019 and positively impacted qct's ebt by $160 million in fiscal 2019.
2019                                                               2018                2017   2019 vs. 2018 change           2018 vs. 2017 change selling, general and administrative      $2,195              $2,986              $2,658       $(791             )                   $328
% of revenues                                 9   %              13   %              12   %
-   $287 million in lower professional fees and costs, primarily driven by broadcom's withdrawn takeover proposal in fiscal 2018 and our then proposed acquisition of nxp semiconductors n.v. (nxp) in fiscal 2018
-   $235 million in lower litigation costs, primarily resulting from the settlement of our prior dispute with apple and its contract manufacturers and the end of the district court trial in the lawsuit filed against us by the ftc
-   $162 million in lower employee-related expenses, primarily driven by actions taken under our cost plan
-   $75 million in lower sales and marketing expenses, primarily driven by actions taken under our cost plan
+   $325 million in higher litigation costs, with total litigation costs of $554 million and $229 million in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017, respectively
+   $42 million in higher professional fees and costs related to other legal matters, which was primarily driven by broadcom's withdrawn takeover proposal, partially offset by lower third-party acquisition and integration services fees
-   $40 million in lower amortization expense, primarily from the formation of rf360 holdings
-   $37 million in lower share-based compensation expense, primarily due to actions taken under our cost plan
2019                  2018                2017                2019 vs. 2018 change           2018 vs. 2017 change other      $414              $3,135              $1,742       $(2,721           )                 $1,393
other expenses in fiscal 2019 consisted of:
-   $43 million gain due to the partial recovery of a fine imposed in fiscal 2009 resulting from our appeal of the korea fair trade commission (kftc) decision
other expenses in fiscal 2018 consisted of:
+    $2.0 billion charge related to a fee in connection with the termination of a purchase agreement to acquire nxp
-   $676 million benefit related to the settlement of the taiwan fair trade commission (tftc) investigation
other expense in fiscal 2017 consisted of:
+    $37 million in restructuring and restructuring-related charges related to our 2015 strategic realignment plan interest expense and investment and other income, net (in millions)
2019                                                                                                                                     2018              2017           2019 vs. 2018 change           2018 vs. 2017 change interest expense                                                                  $627                                        $768                     $494                     $(141        )                  $274
net gains on marketable securities                                                 288                                          41                      456                       247                           (415        )
impairment losses on marketable securities and other investments                  (135          )                              (75          )          (177   )                   (60        )                   102
equity in net losses of investees                                                  (93          )                             (145          )           (74   )                    52                            (71        )
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we implemented a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $30 billion of our outstanding common stock. stock repurchases made under this program have significantly reduced the amount of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, resulting in a decrease to interest and dividend income in fiscal 2019. the increase in net gains on marketable securities in fiscal 2019 was primarily driven by gains resulting from the initial public offering of certain non-marketable equity investments.
the increase in interest expense in fiscal 2018 was primarily due to the issuance of an aggregate principal amount of $11.0 billion of unsecured floating- and fixed-rate notes in may 2017, of which $4.0 billion were repaid between may and august 2018.
in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we began divesting a substantial portion of our marketable securities portfolio in order to finance, in part, the then proposed acquisition of nxp. as a result, we recorded net realized gains and impairment losses on such marketable securities that we sold and expected to sell before their anticipated recovery, respectively, in fiscal 2017.
2019                                      2018                                             2017   2019 vs. 2018 change           2018 vs. 2017 change income tax expense        $3,095                 $5,356                             $543          $(2,261           )                 $4,813
the following table summarizes the primary factors that caused our annual tax provision to differ from the expected income tax provision at the united states federal statutory rate (in millions):
state income tax provision, net of federal benefit                                               10                   2                   8
derecognition of deferred tax asset on distributed intellectual property                      2,472                   -                   -
benefits from establishing new u.s. net deferred tax assets                                    (570   )               -                   -
benefits from foreign-derived intangible income (fdii) deduction                               (419   )               -                   -
benefits related to the research and development tax credit                                    (110   )            (136   )             (81   )
benefits from foreign income taxed at other than u.s. rates                                     (54   )            (834   )            (963   )
impact of changes in tax reserves and audit settlements for prior year tax positions             20                   -                 111
remeasurement of deferred taxes due to changes in statutory rate due to u.s. tax reform           -                 443                   -
the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (the tax legislation), which was enacted during the first quarter of fiscal 2018, significantly revised the united states corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate to 21% and imposing a one-time repatriation tax on deemed repatriated earnings and profits of u.s.-owned foreign subsidiaries (the toll charge). the tax legislation fundamentally changed the taxation of multinational entities, including a shift from a system of worldwide taxation with deferral to a hybrid territorial system, featuring a participation exemption regime with current taxation of certain foreign income, a minimum tax on low-taxed foreign earnings and new measures to deter base erosion and promote u.s. production. as a fiscal-year taxpayer, certain provisions of the tax legislation became effective starting at the beginning of fiscal 2019, including gilti (global intangible low-taxed income), a new tax on income of foreign corporations, beat (base-erosion and anti-abuse tax) and fdii (foreign-derived intangible income). in response to the tax legislation and to better align our profits with our activities, we implemented certain tax restructuring in fiscal 2018 and 2019. as a result, beginning in fiscal 2019, substantially all of our income is in the u.s., of which a significant portion qualifies for preferential treatment as fdii at a 13% effective tax rate. the impact of gilti and beat is negligible. accordingly, our annual effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 reflected the effects of these provisions of the tax legislation. our annual effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 reflected a blended federal statutory rate of approximately 25%.
as a result of the tax legislation, in fiscal 2019, several of our foreign subsidiaries made tax elections to be treated as u.s. branches for federal income tax purposes (commonly referred to as "check-the-box" elections) effective beginning in fiscal 2018 and 2019. as a result of making these check-the-box elections, we recorded a tax benefit of $570 million in fiscal 2019. additionally, in fiscal 2019, the united states treasury department issued new temporary regulations that resulted in a change to the deductibility of dividend income received by a u.s. stockholder from a foreign corporation. as a result of this change, pursuant to an agreement with the internal revenue service, we relinquished the federal tax basis step-up of intellectual property that was distributed in fiscal 2018 by one of our foreign subsidiaries to a u.s. subsidiary. therefore, the related deferred tax asset was derecognized, resulting in a $2.5 billion charge to income tax expense in fiscal 2019.
income tax expense for fiscal 2019 also reflected benefits from our fdii deduction (including the impact of the apple settlement) and research and development credits, as well as the impact of the 2019 ec fine, which is not deductible for tax purposes.
in fiscal 2018, as a result of the tax legislation, we recorded a charge of $5.7 billion to income tax expense, comprised of $5.2 billion related to the estimated toll charge and $438 million resulting from the remeasurement of u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities that existed at the end of fiscal 2017 at a lower enacted corporate income tax rate, which included a $135 million tax benefit in fiscal 2018 related to the remeasurement of a u.s. deferred tax liability that was established as a result of a change in one of our positions due to the tax legislation.
income tax expense for fiscal 2018 was also impacted by the charge recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 related to the termination fee paid to nxp, which did not result in a tax benefit after the consideration of realizability of such loss. fiscal 2018 and 2017 income tax expense was impacted by the ec, kftc and tftc fines, and settlement with the tftc, which were not deductible for tax purposes (or taxable in the case of the settlement) and portions of which were attributable to foreign jurisdictions and to the united states. these impacts were partially offset in fiscal 2018 and 2017 by lower u.s. revenues primarily related to decreased royalty revenues from apple's contract manufacturers and, for fiscal 2017, a payment to blackberry in connection with an arbitration decision.
income tax expense for fiscal 2017 also reflected the increase in our singapore tax rate as a result of the expiration of certain of our tax incentives in march 2017, which was substantially offset by tax benefits resulting from the increase in our singapore tax rate in effect when certain deferred tax assets reversed. during the third quarter of fiscal 2018, we entered into a new tax incentive agreement in singapore that results in a reduced tax rate from march 2017 through march 2022, provided that we meet specified employment and investment criteria in singapore. our singapore tax rate will increase in march 2022 as a result of expiration of these incentives and again in march 2027 upon the expiration of tax incentives under a prior agreement. without these tax incentives, our fiscal 2018 income tax expense would have been higher. during fiscal 2018, one of our singapore subsidiaries distributed certain intellectual property to a u.s. subsidiary, substantially reducing the benefit of these tax incentives going forward.
unrecognized tax benefits were $1.7 billion and $217 million at september 29, 2019 and september 30, 2018, respectively. the increase in unrecognized tax benefits in fiscal 2019 was primarily due to our plan to apply for a refund of korean withholding tax (which had an insignificant impact to our income tax provision) as a result of recent court rulings in korea, among other factors. if successful, the refund will result in a corresponding reduction in u.s. foreign tax credits. we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions and are currently under examination by various tax authorities worldwide, primarily related to transfer pricing. these examinations are at various stages with respect to assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds. we continually assess the likelihood and amount of potential adjustments and adjust the income tax provision, income taxes payable and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts give rise to a revision become known. as of september 29, 2019, we believe that adequate amounts have been reserved for based on facts known. however, the final determination of tax audits and any related legal proceedings could materially differ from amounts reflected in our income tax provision and the related accruals.
segment results the following should be read in conjunction with the fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 results of operations for each reportable segment included in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 8. segment information."
2019                                                  2018                2017      2019 vs. 2018 change              2018 vs. 2017 change revenues equipment and services     $14,318             $17,060             $16,315          $(2,742           )                      $745
ebt as a % of revenues          15   %              17   %              17   %      (2                %)                        -        %
beginning in fiscal 2019, we combined our small cells business, which sells products designed for the implementation of small cells to address the challenge of meeting the increased demand for mobile data, into our qct segment. revenues and operating results related to the small cells business were included in nonreportable segments through the end of fiscal 2018. prior period segment information has not been adjusted to conform to the new segment presentation as such adjustments are insignificant.
equipment and services revenues mostly relate to sales of mobile station modem (msmtm), radio frequency (rf), power management (pm) and wireless connectivity integrated circuits. msm integrated circuits include our stand-alone mobile data modems and snapdragon platforms, including processors and modems. approximately 650 million, 855 million and 804 million msm integrated circuits were sold during fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
the decrease in qct equipment and services revenues was primarily due to:
+   $552 million in higher revenues per msm and accompanying unit shipment, primarily driven by a favorable shift in mix related to our premium-tier products qct ebt as a percentage of revenues decreased in fiscal 2019 primarily due to:
+   decrease in operating expenses, primarily driven by a decrease in the amount of research and development expense allocated to qct in fiscal 2019 and actions under our cost plan qct accounts receivable decreased by 33% in fiscal 2019 from $1.36 billion to $908 million, primarily due to the decrease in revenues, as well as the impact of settling certain receivables in connection with the settlement agreements with apple and its contract manufacturers. qct inventories decreased by 17% in fiscal 2019 from $1.68 billion to $1.40 billion, primarily due to a decrease in the overall quantity of units on hand.
the increase in qct equipment and services revenues in fiscal 2018 was primarily due to:
+   $825 million in higher rffe product revenues primarily related to revenues from rf360 holdings, which was formed in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, and reflected the impact of eliminating a one-month reporting lag in fiscal 2018
+   $737 million in higher msm and accompanying unit shipments primarily driven by higher demand from oems in china, partially offset by a decline in share at apple
-   $83 million in lower connectivity product revenues qct ebt as a percentage of revenues remained flat in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an unchanged gross margin percentage, driven by the net effect of lower average selling prices and lower-margin product mix, offset by lower average unit costs.
2019                                                  2018                2017   2019 vs. 2018 change       2018 vs. 2017 change licensing revenues          $4,591              $5,042              $6,412       $(451             )        $(1,370           )
ebt as a % of revenues          64   %              68   %              80   %   (4                %)       (12               %)
qtl results in fiscal 2019 reflected the adoption of new revenue recognition guidance that requires us to estimate and recognize qtl royalties in the period in which the associated sales occur, resulting in an acceleration of royalty revenues by one quarter as compared to prior periods. prior period results have not been adjusted for the adoption of the new accounting guidance.
as a result of the settlement with apple and its contract manufacturers, qtl results for fiscal 2019 included royalties from apple and its contract manufactures for sales made in the june 2019 and september 2019 quarters. revenues in the first six months of fiscal 2019 and all of fiscal 2018 did not include royalties due on sales of apple or other products by apple's contract manufacturers.
qtl revenues in fiscal 2019 included $450 million of royalties due under a second interim agreement with huawei that concluded in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, and although negotiations continue, we have not reached a final agreement with huawei. we did not record any revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 for royalties due on the sales of huawei's products. qtl revenues in fiscal 2018 included $600 million paid under an interim agreement with huawei for royalties due after the second quarter of fiscal 2017. these payments represent minimum, non-refundable amounts for royalties due and do not reflect the full amount of royalties due under the underlying license agreement.
we did not record any revenues in the third or fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 for royalties due on the sales of apple or other products by apple's contract manufacturers and huawei's products, and huawei underpaid royalties due in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, which negatively impacted qtl revenues. royalty revenues related to the products of apple's contract manufacturers and huawei were approximately $1.7 billion in fiscal 2017.
-   $150 million in lower royalty revenues from huawei under the interim agreements
+   $484 million increase in estimated sales of 3g/4g/5g-based products (including multimode products) compared to reported sales of 3g/4g-based products, primarily due to the new license agreement with apple, partially offset by a decline in unit demand and a shift in oem share towards huawei qtl ebt as a percentage of revenues decreased in fiscal 2019 primarily due to:
-   higher research and development costs due to an increase in the amount of research and development expense allocated to qtl in fiscal 2019
+   lower selling, general and administrative expenses, primarily from lower litigation costs and lower bad debt expense qtl accounts receivable increased by 5% in fiscal 2019 from $1.47 billion to $1.54 billion, primarily due to the adoption of the new revenue recognition guidance, partially offset by the impact of settling approximately $960 million of receivables that were related to the short payment in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 of royalties due from apple's contract manufacturers in connection with the settlement agreements with apple and its contract manufacturers.
excluding the impact of the prior dispute with apple and its contract manufacturers, as well as the dispute with huawei, qtl licensing revenues in fiscal 2018 further decreased primarily due to:
-   $177 million in lower royalty revenues recognized related to devices sold in prior periods from certain other licensees qtl ebt as a percentage of revenue decreased in fiscal 2018 primarily due to:
2019                                            2018              2017                  2019 vs. 2018 change   2018 vs. 2017 change equipment and services revenues      $152              $100              $113                   $52            $(13              )
+   $270 million increase in net gains on investments, primarily driven by gains resulting from the initial public offering of certain non-marketable equity investments
+   $91 million increase resulting from higher revenues and lower costs associated with certain development contracts with an equity method investee
-   $41 million increase in impairment losses on investments, primarily related to an equity method investee qsi segment assets, which primarily consist of marketable and non-marketable equity investments, increased by 34% in fiscal 2019 from $1.28 billion to $1.71 billion, primarily due to recording certain non-marketable equity investments at fair value upon becoming publicly traded and acquiring non-marketable equity investments.
-   $14 million increase in our share of losses in equity method investments
-   $13 million decrease resulting from lower revenues from certain development contracts with one of our equity method investees looking forward in the coming years, we expect consumer demand for 3g/4g multimode and 4g products and services to decline as new consumer demand for 3g/4g/5g multimode and 5g products and services ramp around the world. we expect growth in new
device categories and industries, resulting from the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industry segments outside traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, computing, iot and networking.
as we look forward to the next several months and beyond, we expect our business to be impacted by the following key items:
•   in may 2019, in united states federal trade commission (ftc) v. qualcomm incorporated, the court issued an order ruling against us and imposing certain injunctive relief. we disagree with the court's conclusions, interpretation of the facts and application of the law. accordingly, we filed a motion to stay certain of the remedies with, and have appealed the decision to, the ninth circuit court of appeals (ninth circuit). in august 2019, our partial motion to stay was granted in its entirety by the ninth circuit. regulatory authorities in certain jurisdictions have investigated our business practices and instituted proceedings against us, and they or other regulatory authorities may do so in the future. additionally, certain of our direct and indirect customers and licensees have pursued, and others may in the future pursue, litigation or arbitration against us related to our business. unfavorable resolutions of one or more of these matters have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. depending on the matter, various remedies that could result from an unfavorable resolution include, among others, the loss of our ability to enforce one or more of our patents; injunctions; monetary damages or fines or other orders to pay money; the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct or modify our business practices, such as requiring us to reduce our royalty rates, reduce the base on which our royalties are calculated, grant patent licenses to chipset manufacturers, sell chipsets to unlicensed oems or modify or renegotiate some or all of our existing license agreements; and determinations that some or all of our license agreements are invalid or unenforceable. these activities have required, and we expect that they will continue to require, the investment of significant management time and attention and have resulted, and we expect that they will continue to result, in increased legal costs until the respective matters are resolved. see "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7. commitments and contingencies" and "part i, item 1a. risk factors" included in this annual report, including the risk factors entitled "efforts by some communications equipment manufacturers or their customers to avoid paying fair and reasonable royalties for the use of our intellectual property may require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources and may result in legal decisions or actions by governments, courts, regulators or agencies, standards development organizations (sdos) or other industry organizations that harm our business," "our business, particularly our licensing business, may suffer as a result of adverse rulings in government investigations or proceedings" and "changes in our patent licensing practices, whether due to governmental investigations or private legal proceedings challenging those practices, or otherwise, could adversely impact our business and results of operations."
•   in fiscal 2019, we entered into a second interim agreement with huawei under which we recognized $450 million of royalty revenues in fiscal 2019. these payments do not reflect the full amount of royalties due under the underlying license agreement. the second interim agreement concluded in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, and although negotiations continue, we have not reached a final agreement with huawei. we did not record any revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 for royalties due on the sales of huawei's products. if no agreement is reached, huawei may not make any other payments or may not make full payments due under the underlying license agreement, which may result in significant legal costs and will negatively impact our future revenues, as well as our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, until the dispute is resolved.
•   we expect our business, particularly qct, to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including:
•   increased concentration of device share among a few companies, particularly within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies, and exacerbating the negative impact to our business and financial results to the extent those companies do not utilize our chipsets. for example, huawei has taken, and we believe will continue to take, share in china from other chinese oems, negatively impacting qct as we sell a limited number of chipsets to huawei as compared to many of those other oems, and the negative impact to our overall business of huawei share gains at the expense of other chinese oems may be further exacerbated if huawei continues to not pay us royalties or does not make full payment due to us under its license agreement;
•   decisions by companies to utilize their own internally-developed integrated circuit products and/or sell such products to others, including by selling them together with certain of their other products;
•   decisions by certain companies to utilize our competitors' integrated circuit products in all or a portion of their devices. for example, we have not been the sole supplier of modems for iphone products beginning
with products that launched in september 2016, as apple utilizes modems from one of our competitors in a portion of such devices. apple is solely using one of our competitors' modems, rather than our modems, in its 2019 iphone release. for new chipset models, qct does not expect to begin recording revenues under our recently announced multi-year chipset agreement with apple until the second half of fiscal 2020;
•   intense competition, particularly in china, as our competitors expand their product offerings and/or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new and/or retain existing customers;
•   lengthened handset replacement cycles and consumer demand, which is increasingly driven by new product launches and/or innovation cycles; and
•   continued growth of device share by chinese oems in china and in regions outside of china.
•   current u.s./china trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations.
•   initial commercial 5g network deployments and device launches have begun and will continue into fiscal 2020 and beyond. we believe that 5g technologies will empower a new era of smartphones and connected devices. we also believe that 5g will drive transformation across industries beyond traditional cellular communications that will create new business models and new services. we believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5g technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing of 5g technologies, and to be a leading developer and supplier of 5g integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long term.
•   we continue to invest significant resources to develop our wireless baseband chipsets, and our converged computing/communications (snapdragon) chipsets, which incorporate technologies in the following areas, among others: advancements in 4g and 5g, ofdm-based wi-fi, rf, connectivity, power management, graphics, audio and video codecs, multimedia, artificial intelligence and virtual/augmented reality, and all of which contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. we are also investing in targeted opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter and/or expand into new industry segments and applications, such as products for automotive, computing, iot (including the connected home, smart cities, wearables, voice and music and robotics) and networking, among others.
in addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. however, we expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and not welcome the success of our licensing program in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. accordingly, such companies, and/or governments or regulators, may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world.
further discussion of risks related to our business is presented in "part i, item 1a. risk factors" included in this annual report.
liquidity and capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and cash provided by our debt programs. the following table presents selected financial information related to our liquidity as of and for the years ended september 29, 2019 and september 30, 2018 (in millions, except percentages):
2019                                                               2018                      $ change          % change cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities     $12,296             $12,123            $173               1   %
net cash provided by operating activities              7,286               3,908           3,378              86   %
the net increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities and $414 million in proceeds from issuance of common stock, partially offset by $3.0 billion in cash dividends paid, $1.8 billion in payments to repurchase shares of our common stock, a $1.2 billion payment of purchase consideration related to rf360 holdings, $887 million in capital expenditures, $503 million in net repayments under our commercial paper program and $266 million in payments of tax withholdings related to the vesting of share-based awards. the net increase in total cash provided by operating activities reflected the settlement with apple and its contract manufacturers, as well as lower segment revenues and the impact of timing of payments of customer-related liabilities.
our days sales outstanding, on a consolidated basis, increased to 47 days at september 29, 2019 compared to 30 days at september 30, 2018. the increase in days sales outstanding was primarily due to the adoption of the new revenue recognition guidance in fiscal 2019. the decrease in accounts receivable was primarily due to the settlement with apple and its contract manufacturers and a decrease in integrated circuit shipments, partially offset by the adoption of the new revenue recognition guidance in fiscal 2019. the decrease in inventories was primarily due to a decrease in the overall quantity of units on hand to align with near-term demand.
debt. in may 2017, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $11.0 billion in nine tranches of unsecured floating- and fixed-rate notes, of which $7.0 billion remains outstanding with maturity dates in 2023 through 2047. effective interest rates were between 2.70% and 4.47% at september 29, 2019. interest is payable in arrears quarterly for the floating-rate notes and semi-annually for the fixed-rate notes.
in may 2015, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $10.0 billion in eight tranches of unsecured floating- and fixed-rate notes, of which $8.5 billion remains outstanding with maturity dates in 2020 through 2045. effective interest rates were between 2.64% and 4.73% at september 29, 2019. interest is payable in arrears quarterly for the floating-rate notes and semi-annually for the fixed-rate notes.
our revolving credit facility provides for unsecured revolving facility loans, swing line loans and letters of credit in the aggregate amount of up to $5.0 billion, of which $530 million and $4.47 billion will expire in february 2020 and november 2021, respectively. at september 29, 2019, no amounts were outstanding under the revolving credit facility.
we have an unsecured commercial paper program, which provides for the issuance of up to $5.0 billion of commercial paper. net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. at september 29, 2019, we had $499 million of commercial paper outstanding with a weighted-average net interest rate of 2.17% and weighted-average remaining days to maturity of 41 days.
we may issue additional debt in the future. the amount and timing of such additional borrowings will be subject to a number of factors, including acquisitions and strategic investments, acceptable interest rates and changes in corporate income tax law, among other factors.
additional information regarding our outstanding debt at september 29, 2019 is provided in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 6. debt."
income taxes. the tax legislation, which was signed into law during the first quarter of fiscal 2018, resulted in a $5.2 billion charge recognized in fiscal 2018 related to the toll charge. after application of certain tax credits (including excess tax credits generated in fiscal 2019), the total cash payment is expected to be $2.5 billion. the first payment was made in
january 2019. at september 29, 2019, we estimated future cash payments of $2.3 billion, payable in installments over the next seven years. at september 29, 2019, $209 million was included in other current liabilities, reflecting our next installment due in january 2020.
additional information regarding our income taxes is provided in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 3. income taxes."
capital return program. the following table summarizes stock repurchases, before commissions, and dividends paid during fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 (in millions, except per-share amounts):
(1)   average price paid per share in fiscal 2018 and 2019 excludes the impact of the three accelerated share repurchase agreements (the asr agreements) executed in september 2018 and completed in september 2019. the average price per share under the asr agreements was $64.76.
in fiscal 2018, we announced a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to $30.0 billion of our common stock. in fiscal 2018, we entered into the asr agreements to repurchase an aggregate of $16.0 billion of our common stock, with 178.4 million shares initially delivered to us under the asr agreements and retired. the asr agreements were completed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, and an additional 68.7 million shares were delivered to us, comprising the final delivery of shares under the asr agreements. in total, 247.1 million shares were delivered to us under the asr agreements. in fiscal 2019, we repurchased and retired an additional 27.1 million shares of our common stock for $1.8 billion, before commissions. at september 29, 2019, $7.1 billion remained authorized for repurchase under the stock repurchase program. since september 29, 2019, we repurchased and retired 3.9 million shares of common stock for $300 million.
our stock repurchase program has significantly reduced and we expect that it will continue to reduce the amount of cash that we have available to fund our operations including research and development, working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, dividends and other corporate purposes; and increases our exposure to adverse economic, market, industry and competitive conditions and developments, and other changes in our business and our industry. this stock repurchase program has no expiration date. however, we periodically evaluate repurchases as a means of returning capital to stockholders to determine when and if repurchases are in the best interests of our stockholders and may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue repurchases at any time.
on october 15, 2019, we announced a cash dividend of $0.62 per share on our common stock, payable on december 19, 2019 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on december 5, 2019. we intend to continue to use cash dividends as a means of returning capital to stockholders, subject to capital availability and our view that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders, among other factors.
additional capital requirements. we believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, our expected cash flow generated from operations and our expected financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. recent and expected working and other capital requirements, in addition to the above matters, also include the items described below:
•   our purchase obligations at september 29, 2019, some of which relate to research and development activities and capital expenditures, totaled $2.9 billion and $286 million for fiscal 2020 and 2021, respectively, and $178 million thereafter.
•   our research and development expenditures were $5.4 billion in fiscal 2019 and $5.6 billion in fiscal 2018, and we expect to continue to invest heavily in research and development for new technologies, applications and services for voice and data communications.
•   cash outflows for capital expenditures were $887 million in fiscal 2019 and $784 million in fiscal 2018. we expect to continue to incur capital expenditures in the future to support our business, including research and development activities.
•   at september 29, 2019, $1.4 billion was accrued related to two fines imposed by the ec (based on the exchange rate at september 29, 2019, including related foreign currency gains and accrued interest). we have provided financial guarantees in lieu of cash payment to satisfy the obligations while we appeal the eu's decisions.
•   we expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly, to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio or pursue new businesses.
further, regulatory authorities in certain jurisdictions have investigated our business practices and instituted proceedings against us, including the lawsuit filed against us by the ftc, in which a ruling was issued in favor of the ftc in may 2019, and they or other regulatory authorities may do so in the future. additionally, certain of our direct and indirect customers and licensees, have pursued, and others may in the future pursue, litigation or arbitration against us related to our business. unfavorable resolutions of one or more of these matters have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. see "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7. commitments and contingencies" and "part i, item 1a. risk factors" in this annual report.
contractual obligations/off-balance sheet arrangements we have no significant contractual obligations not fully recorded on our consolidated balance sheets or fully disclosed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. we have no material off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in regulation s-k 303(a)(4)(ii).
operating lease obligations                          385                 138                 163                    49         35                       -
capital lease obligations (2)                         28                  17                  11                     -                    -             -
(1)   purchase obligations primarily relate to integrated circuit product inventory obligations, which represent purchase commitments for raw materials, semiconductor die, finished goods and manufacturing services, such as wafer bump, probe, assembly and final test. under our manufacturing relationships with our foundry suppliers and assembly and test service providers, cancelation of outstanding purchase commitments is generally allowed but requires payment of costs incurred through the date of cancelation, and in some cases, incremental fees related to capacity underutilization.
(2)   amounts represent future minimum lease payments including interest payments. capital lease obligations were included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at september 29, 2019.
(3)   certain of these commitments do not have fixed funding dates and are subject to certain conditions and have, therefore, been presented as having no expiration date. commitments represent the maximum amounts to be funded under these arrangements; actual funding may be in lesser amounts or not at all.
(4)   the amounts noted herein represent contractual payments of principal only.
(5)   certain long-term liabilities reflected on our balance sheet, such as unearned revenues, are not presented in this table because they do not require cash settlement in the future. other long-term liabilities as presented in this table include the related current portions, as applicable.
(6)   our consolidated balance sheet at september 29, 2019 included $1.6 billion in other noncurrent liabilities for uncertain tax positions, which primarily relate to a reduction of u.s. foreign tax credits that will occur if we are successful in our claim for a refund of korean withholding tax (for which a $1.4 billion receivable was recorded at september 29, 2019). the majority of this liability will be payable when we receive the korean tax refund, with the remainder payable over periods up to and including the last payment of the toll charge in january 2026. the future payments related to uncertain tax positions recorded as other noncurrent liabilities have not been presented in the table above due to the uncertainty of the amounts and timing of cash settlement with the taxing authorities.
additional information regarding our financial commitments at september 29, 2019 is provided in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 3. income taxes," "note 6. debt" and "note 7. commitments and contingencies."
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. we base our estimates on historical and anticipated results and trends and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future events. by their nature, estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. although we believe that our estimates and the assumptions supporting our assessments are reasonable, actual results that differ from our estimates could be material to our consolidated financial statements. a summary of our significant accounting policies is included in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 1. significant accounting policies." we consider the following accounting estimates to be critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition. we derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing of our intellectual property. we grant licenses or otherwise provide rights to use portions of our intellectual property portfolio, which, among other rights, includes certain patent rights essential to and/or useful in the manufacture, sale or use of certain wireless products. licensees pay royalties based on their sales of products incorporating or using our licensed intellectual property and may also pay a fixed license fee in one or more installments. sales-based royalties are generally based upon a percentage of the wholesale (i.e., licensee's) selling price of complete licensed products, net of certain permissible deductions (including transportation, insurance, packing costs and other items). we broadly provide per unit royalty caps that apply to certain categories of complete wireless devices, namely smartphones, tablets, laptops and smartwatches, and provide for a maximum royalty amount payable per device. we estimate and recognize sales-based royalties on such licensed products in the period in which the associated sales occur, subject to certain constraints on our ability to estimate such royalties. our estimates of sales-based royalties are based largely on an assessment of the volume of devices supplied into the market that incorporate or use our licensed intellectual property. we estimate sales-based royalties taking into consideration the mix of such sales on a licensee-by-licensee basis, as well as the licensees' average wholesale prices of such products, and consider all information (historical, current and forecasted, which may include certain estimates from licensees) that is reasonably available to us. we also consider in our estimates of sales-based royalties any changes in pricing we plan or expect to make. our licensees, however, do not report and pay royalties owed for sales in any given quarter until after the conclusion of that quarter, which is generally the following quarter. as a result of recognizing revenues in the period in which the licensees' sales occur using estimates, adjustments to revenues are required in subsequent periods to reflect changes in estimates as new information becomes available, primarily resulting from actual amounts reported by our licensees.
from time to time, regulatory authorities investigate our business practices, particularly with respect to our licensing business, and institute proceedings against us. depending on the matter, various remedies that could result from an unfavorable resolution include, among others, the loss of our ability to enforce one or more of our patents; injunctions; monetary damages or fines or other orders to pay money; the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct or modify our business practices, such as requiring us to reduce our royalty rates, reduce the base on which our royalties are calculated, grant patent licenses to chipset manufacturers, sell chipsets to unlicensed oems or modify or renegotiate some or all of our existing license agreements; and determinations that some or all of our license agreements are invalid or unenforceable. additionally, from time to time, companies initiate various strategies in an attempt to negotiate, renegotiate, reduce and/or eliminate their need to pay royalties to us for the use of our intellectual property, which may include disputing, underreporting, underpaying, not reporting and/or not paying royalties owed to us under their license agreements with us, or reporting to us in a manner that is not in compliance with their contractual obligations. in such cases, we estimate and recognize licensing revenues only when we have a contract, as defined in the revenue recognition guidance, and to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenues recognized will not occur, both of which may require significant judgment. we analyze the risk of a significant revenue reversal considering both the likelihood and magnitude of the reversal and, if necessary, constrain the amount of estimated revenues recognized in order to mitigate this risk, which may result in recognizing revenues less than amounts contractually owed to us.
in may 2019, in united states federal trade commission (ftc) v. qualcomm incorporated, the court issued an order ruling against us and imposing certain injunctive relief (see "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7. commitments and contingencies"). in august 2019, the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth circuit granted in its entirety qualcomm's request for a partial stay of the injunction. while we believe that our business practices do not violate either antitrust law or our frand (fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory) licensing commitments, significant evaluation and judgment were required in determining the impact of such ruling on the amount of licensing revenues estimated and
recognized in fiscal 2019. this included, among other items: (i) evaluating whether our license agreements remain valid and enforceable, (ii) evaluating licensees' conduct and whether they remain committed to perform their respective obligations and (iii) determining the expected impact, if any, to revenues of any license agreements that may be renegotiated and/or are newly entered into. based on this evaluation, the impact of the ruling was not material to qtl licensing revenues in fiscal 2019 based on facts and factors currently known by us. as new information becomes available, we may be required to make adjustments to revenues in subsequent periods to reflect changes in estimates and/or this matter could have a material adverse effect on our ability to recognize future licensing revenues.
impairment of other investments. we hold investments in non-marketable equity instruments in privately held companies, including those accounted for under the equity method. non-marketable equity instruments do not have readily determinable fair values and are accounted for under the equity method or based on initial cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus adjustments resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar securities. many of these investments are in early-stage companies, which are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies or products of these companies are uncertain and may never develop. we monitor our investments for events or circumstances that could indicate the investments are impaired, such as a deterioration in the investee's financial condition and business forecasts and lower valuations in recently completed or anticipated financings, and we record impairment losses in earnings when we believe an investment has experienced a decline in value (such decline in value must be considered other-than-temporary for equity method investments).
valuation of inventories. inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value using the first-in, first-out method. recoverability of inventories is assessed based on review of future customer demand that considers multiple factors, including committed purchase orders from customers as well as purchase commitment projections provided by customers, among other things. this valuation also requires us to make judgments and assumptions based on information currently available about market conditions, including competition, product pricing, product life cycle and development plans. as we move to smaller geometry process technologies, the manufacturing lead-time increases, resulting in an increased reliance on our own forecasts of customer demand, rather than our customers' forecasts. if we overestimate demand for our products, the amount of our loss will be impacted by our contractual ability to reduce inventory purchases from our suppliers. our assumptions of future product demand are inherently uncertain, and changes in our estimates and assumptions may cause us to realize material write-downs in the future.
valuation of goodwill and other indefinite-lived and long-lived assets. our business combinations typically result in the recording of goodwill, other intangible assets and/or property, plant and equipment, and the recorded values of those assets may become impaired in the future. we also acquire intangible assets and property, plant and equipment in other types of transactions. the determination of the recorded value of intangible assets acquired in a business combination requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements. for intangible assets acquired in a non-monetary exchange, the estimated fair values of the assets transferred (or the estimated fair values of the assets received, if more clearly evident) are used to establish their recorded values, unless the values of neither the assets received nor the assets transferred are determinable within reasonable limits, in which case the assets received are measured based on the carrying values of the assets transferred. valuation techniques consistent with the market approach, income approach and/or cost approach are used to measure fair value. an estimate of fair value can be affected by many assumptions that require significant judgment. for example, the income approach generally requires us to use assumptions to estimate future cash flows including those related to total addressable market, pricing and share forecasts, competition, technology obsolescence, future tax rates and discount rates. our estimate of the fair value of certain assets may differ materially from that determined by others who use different assumptions or utilize different business models and from the future cash flows actually realized.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment and in interim periods if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators and future cash flows related to goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets may be based on operational performance of our businesses, market conditions, expected selling price and/or other factors. although there are inherent uncertainties in this assessment process, the estimates and assumptions we use, including estimates of future cash flows and discount rates, are consistent with our internal planning, when appropriate. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment charge on a portion or all of our goodwill, other indefinite-lived intangible assets and/or long-lived assets. furthermore, we cannot predict the occurrence of future impairment-triggering events nor the impact such events might have on our reported asset values. future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist, and that goodwill or other long-lived assets associated with our acquired businesses are impaired. any resulting impairment loss could have an adverse impact on our
financial condition and results of operations. during fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, we recorded $203 million, $273 million and $76 million, respectively, in impairment charges for goodwill, other indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets. the estimated fair values of our qct and qtl reporting units were substantially in excess of their respective carrying values at september 29, 2019.
legal and regulatory proceedings. we are currently involved in certain legal and regulatory proceedings, and we intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves. litigation and investigations are inherently uncertain, and we face difficulties in evaluating or estimating likely outcomes or ranges of possible loss in antitrust and trade regulation investigations in particular. investigations by antitrust and trade regulation agencies are not conducted in a consistent manner across jurisdictions. further, each country and agency has different sets of laws, rules and regulations, both substantive and procedural, as well as different legal principles, theories and potential remedies, and some agencies may seek to use the investigation to advance domestic policy goals. depending on the jurisdiction, these investigations can involve non-transparent procedures under which we may not receive access to evidence relied upon by the enforcement agency or that may be exculpatory and may not be informed of the specific legal theories or evidence considered or relied upon by the agency. unlike in civil litigation in the united states, in foreign proceedings, we may not be entitled to discovery or depositions, allowed to cross-examine witnesses or confront our accusers. as a result, we may not be aware of, and may not be entitled to know, all allegations against us, or the information or documents provided to, or discovered or prepared by, the agency. accordingly, we may have little or no idea what an agency's intent is with respect to liability, penalties or the timing of a decision. in many cases the agencies are given significant discretion, and any available precedent may have limited, if any, predictive value in their jurisdictions, much less in other jurisdictions. accordingly, we cannot predict the outcome of these matters. however, the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. a broad range of remedies with respect to our business practices that are deemed to violate applicable laws are potentially available. these remedies may include, among others, injunctions, monetary damages or fines or other orders to pay money and the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct and/or to modify our business practices.
if there is at least a reasonable possibility that a material loss may have been incurred associated with pending legal and regulatory proceedings, we disclose such fact, and if reasonably estimable, we provide an estimate of the possible loss or range of possible loss. we record our best estimate of a loss related to pending legal and regulatory proceedings when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. where a range of loss can be reasonably estimated with no best estimate in the range, we record the minimum estimated liability. as additional information becomes available, we assess the potential liability related to pending legal and regulatory proceedings and revise our estimates and update our disclosures accordingly. significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether a loss is reasonably estimable. revisions in our estimates of the potential liability could materially impact our results of operations.
income taxes. we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions, and the assessment of our income tax positions involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in various taxing jurisdictions. in addition, the application of tax laws and regulations is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment and uncertainty. tax laws and regulations themselves are subject to change as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, the evolution of regulations and court rulings. significant judgments and estimates are required in determining our provision for income taxes, including those related to special deductions such as fdii (foreign-derived intangible income), tax incentives, intercompany research and development cost-sharing arrangements, transfer pricing, tax credits and the realizability of deferred tax assets. while we believe we have appropriate support for the positions we have taken or that we plan to take on our tax returns, we regularly assess the potential outcomes of examinations by taxing authorities in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. therefore, the actual liability for u.s. or foreign taxes may be materially different from our estimates, which could result in the need to record additional tax liabilities or potentially reverse previously recorded tax liabilities. we are participating in the internal revenue service (irs) compliance assurance process program whereby we endeavor to agree with the irs on the treatment of all issues prior to filing our federal return. a benefit of participation in this program is that post-filing adjustments by the irs are less likely to occur.
recent accounting pronouncements information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and the impact of those pronouncements, if any, on our consolidated financial statements is provided in this annual report in "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 1. significant accounting policies."