risk factors our business depends on our strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands and develop a positive client reputation could hurt our ability to retain and expand our base of customers.
our strong brands, rollins, orkin, hometeam pest defense, clark pest control, western pest services, northwest pest control, the industrial fumigant company, crane pest control, waltham services, trutech, permatreat, critter control, safeguard pest control, aardwolf pestkare, opc services, and other strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. maintaining and enhancing our brands increases our ability to enter new markets and launch new and innovative services that better serve the needs of our customers. our brands may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including, among others, reputational issues and product/technical failures. further, if our brands are significantly damaged, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. we continue to develop strategies and innovative tools to gain a deeper understanding of customer acquisition, retention and client replacement in order to more effectively expand and retain our customer base. maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our ability to remain a service leader and continue to provide high-quality pest control services that are truly beneficial and play a meaningful role in people's lives.
economic conditions may adversely affect our business.
pest and termite services represent discretionary expenditures to many of our residential customers. if consumers restrict their discretionary expenditures, we may suffer a decline in revenues from our residential service lines.
economic downturns can also adversely affect our commercial customers, including food service, hospitality and food processing industries whose business levels are particularly sensitive to adverse economies. for example, we may lose commercial customers and related revenues because of consolidation or cessation of commercial businesses or because these businesses switch to a lower cost provider.
expanding into international markets presents unique challenges, and our expansion efforts with respect to international operations may not be successful.
an element of our strategy includes further expansion into international markets. our ability to successfully operate in international markets may be adversely affected by political, economic and social conditions beyond our control, local laws and customs, and legal and regulatory constraints, including compliance with applicable anti-
corruption and currency laws and regulations, of the countries or regions in which we currently operate or intend to operate in the future. risks inherent in our existing and future international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, difficulties in identifying and gaining access to local suppliers, suffering possible adverse tax consequences from changes in tax laws or the unfavorable resolution of tax assessments or audits, maintaining product quality and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. additionally, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an adverse effect on the financial results of our international operations.
our inability to attract and retain skilled workers may impair growth potential and profitability.
our ability to remain productive and profitable will depend substantially on our ability to attract and retain skilled workers. our ability to expand our operations is in part impacted by our ability to increase our labor force. the demand for skilled employees is high, and the supply is very limited. a significant increase in the wages paid by competing employers could result in a reduction in our skilled labor force, increases in wage rates paid by us, or both. if either of these events occurred, our capacity and profitability could be diminished, and our growth potential could be impaired.
we may not be able to maintain our competitive position in the pest control industry in the future.
we operate in a highly competitive industry. our revenues and earnings may be affected by changes in competitors'
prices, and general economic issues. we compete with other large pest control companies, as well as numerous smaller pest control companies, for a finite number of customers. we believe that the principal competitive factors in the market areas that we serve are service quality, product availability, terms of guarantees, reputation for safety, technical proficiency and price. although we believe that our experience and reputation for safety and quality service are excellent, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to maintain our competitive position.
in the normal course of business, we and some of our subsidiaries are defendants in a number of lawsuits or arbitrations, which allege that plaintiffs have been damaged. the company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position; however, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual year.
our operations could be affected if there is unauthorized access of personal, financial, or other data or information about our customers, employees, third parties, or of the company's proprietary of confidential information. we could be subject to interruption of our business operations, private litigation, reputational damage and costly penalties.
our information technology systems, as well as the information technology systems of our third-party business partners and service providers, can contain personal, financial, health, or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. our information technology systems also contain the company's and its wholly-
owned subsidiaries' proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business plans and product development initiatives. we rely on, among other things, commercially available vendors, cyber protection systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of this information and data. the systems currently used for transmission and approval of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all of which can put payment card data at risk, meet standards set by the payment card industry ("pci"). we have also implemented policies and procedures to comply with consumer privacy laws in the areas in which we operate. we continue to evaluate and modify our systems and protocols for data security compliance purposes, and such standards may change from time to time. activities by third parties, advances in computer and software capabilities and encryption technology, new tools and discoveries and other events or developments may facilitate or result in a compromise or breach of our systems. any compromises, breaches or errors in applications related to our systems or failures to comply with applicable standards could cause damage to our reputation and interruptions in our operations, including our customers'
ability to pay for our services and products by credit card or their willingness to purchase our services and products and could result in a violation of applicable laws, regulations, orders, industry standards or agreements and subject us to costs, penalties and liabilities which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. also, a breach of data security or failure to comply with rigorous consumer privacy requirements could expose us to customer litigation, regulatory actions and costs related to the reporting and handling of such a violation or breach.
our operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with regulatory and environmental laws.
our business is significantly affected by environmental laws and other regulations relating to the pest control industry and by changes in such laws and the level of enforcement of such laws. we are unable to predict the level of enforcement of existing laws and regulations, how such laws and regulations may be interpreted by enforcement agencies or court rulings, or whether additional laws and regulations will be adopted. we believe our present operations substantially comply with applicable federal and state environmental laws and regulations. we also believe that compliance with such laws has had no material adverse effect on our operations to date. however, such environmental laws are changed frequently. we are unable to predict whether environmental laws will, in the future, materially affect our operations and financial condition. penalties for noncompliance with these laws may include cancellation of licenses, fines, and other corrective actions, which would negatively affect our future financial results.
we may not be able to identify, complete or successfully integrate acquisitions.
acquisitions have been and may continue to be an important element of our business strategy. we cannot assure investors that we will be able to identify and acquire acceptable acquisition candidates on terms favorable to us in the future. we cannot assure investors that we will be able to integrate successfully the operations and assets of any acquired business with our own business. any inability on our part to integrate and manage the growth from acquired businesses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our operations are affected by adverse weather conditions.
our operations are directly impacted by the weather conditions worldwide. the business of the company is affected by the seasonal nature of the company's pest and termite control services. the increase in pest presence and activity, as well as the metamorphosis of termites in the spring and summer (the occurrence of which is determined by the timing of the change in seasons), has historically resulted in an increase in the revenue and income of the company's pest and termite control operations during such periods. the business of the company is also affected by extreme weather such as drought which can greatly reduce the pest population for extended periods.
our franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors could take actions that could harm our business.
our franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors are contractually obligated to operate their businesses in accordance with the standards set forth in our agreements with them and applicable laws and regulations. each franchising brand also provides training and support to franchisees. however, franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors are independent third parties that we do not control, and who own, operate and oversee the daily operations of their businesses. as a result, the ultimate success of any franchise operation rests with the franchisee. if franchisees do not successfully operate their businesses in a manner consistent with required standards, royalty payments to us will be adversely affected and our brands' image and reputation could be harmed. this could adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. similarly, if subcontractors, vendors and franchisees do not successfully operate their businesses in a manner consistent with required laws, standards and regulations, we could be subject to claims from regulators or legal claims for the actions or omissions of such third-party distributors, subcontractors, vendors and franchisees. in addition, our relationship with our franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors could become strained (including resulting in litigation) as we impose new standards or assert more rigorous enforcement practices of the existing required standards. these strains in our relationships or claims could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
from time to time, we receive communications from our franchisees regarding complaints, disputes or questions about our practices and standards in relation to our franchised operations and certain economic terms of our franchise arrangements. if franchisees or groups representing franchisees were to bring legal proceedings against us, we would vigorously defend against the claims in any such proceeding. our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely impacted, and the price of our common stock could decline.
our brand recognition could be impacted if we are not able to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights that are material to our business.
our ability to compete effectively depends in part on our rights to service marks, trademarks, trade names and other intellectual property rights we own or license, particularly our registered brand names and service marks, orkin ®, orkin canada ®, hometeam pest defense ®, taexx ®, clark pest control ®, western pest services ®, northwest exterminating ®, critter control ®, ifc ®, trutech ®, waltham pest services ®, opc services®, perma treat pest and termite control ®, crane pest control ®, safeguard the pest control people®, aardwolf pest control® and others. we have not sought to register or protect every one of our marks either in the united states or in every country in which they are or may be used. furthermore, because of the differences in foreign trademark, patent and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws, we may not receive the same protection in other countries as we would in the united states. if we are unable to protect our proprietary information and brand names, we could suffer a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary information, or to defend against claims by third parties that our products, services or activities infringe their intellectual property rights.
the company's management has a substantial ownership interest; public stockholders may have no effective voice in the company's management.
the company has elected the "controlled company" exemption under section 303a of the new york stock exchange
("nyse") listed company manual. the company is a "controlled company" because a group that includes the company's chairman of the board, r. randall rollins, and his brother, gary w. rollins, who is the vice chairman and chief executive officer, and a director of the company, and certain companies under their control, controls in excess of fifty percent of the company's voting power. as a "controlled company," the company need not comply with certain nyse rules.
rollins, inc.'s executive officers, directors and their affiliates hold directly, or through indirect beneficial ownership, in the aggregate, approximately 57percent of the company's outstanding shares of common stock. as a result, these persons will effectively control the operations of the company, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions such as acquisitions and approval of matters requiring stockholder approval. this concentration of ownership could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control of the company at a premium.
our management has a substantial ownership interest, and the availability of the company's common stock to the investing public may be limited.
the availability of rollins' common stock to the investing public would be limited to those shares not held by the executive officers, directors and their affiliates, which could negatively impact rollins' stock trading prices and affect the ability of minority stockholders to sell their shares. future sales by executive officers, directors and their affiliates of all or a portion of their shares could also negatively affect the trading price of our common stock.
provisions in rollins, inc.'s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may inhibit a takeover of the company.
rollins, inc.'s certificate of incorporation, bylaws and other documents contain provisions including advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and staggered terms for the board of directors. these provisions may make a tender offer, change in control or takeover attempt that is opposed by the company's board of directors more difficult or expensive.
item 2.  properties.
the company's administrative headquarters are owned by the company, and are located at 2170 piedmont road, n.e., atlanta, georgia 30324. the company owns or leases over 550 branch offices and operating facilities used in its business as well as the rollins training center located in atlanta, georgia, the rollins customer service center located in covington, georgia, and the pacific division administration and training center in riverside, california. none of the branch offices, individually considered, represents a materially important physical property of the company. the facilities are suitable and adequate to meet the current and reasonably anticipated future needs of the company.
in the normal course of business, certain of the company's subsidiaries are defendants in a number of lawsuits, claims or arbitrations which allege that the subsidiaries' services caused damage. in addition, the company defends employment related cases and claims from time to time, which may include claims on a representative or class action basis alleging wage and hour law violations. we are involved in certain environmental matters primarily arising in the normal course of business. we are actively contesting each of these matters.
management does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, results of operations or liquidity;
however, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual quarter or year.
item 4.a.  information about our executive officers.
each of the executive officers of the company was elected by the board of directors to serve until the board of directors' meeting immediately following the next annual meeting of stockholders or until his or her earlier removal by the board of directors or his or her resignation. the following table lists the executive officers of the company and their ages, offices within the company, and the dates from which they have continually served in their present offices with the company.
date name                   age    office                                                   first elected with registrant                                          to present office r.                      88    chairman                                                 10/22/1991
randall rollins (1)           of the board of directors gary                    75    vice                                                     7/24/2001
w. rollins (1) (2)            chairman and chief executive officer john                    62    president                                                1/23/2013
f. wilson (3)                 and chief operating officer paul                    55    senior                                                   1/26/2016
e. northen (4)                vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer elizabeth               56    vice                                                     1/1/2018
(2)  w. rollins was elevated to vice chairman of rollins, inc. in january 2013. he was elected to the office of chief executive officer in july 2001. in february 2004, he was named chairman of orkin, llc.
john wilson joined the company in 1996 and has held various positions of increasing responsibility, serving as a technician, sales inspector, branch manager, region manager, vice president
(3)  and division president. his most senior positions have included vice president of rollins, inc., southeast division president, atlantic division vice president and central commercial region manager. mr. wilson was elevated to president and chief operating officer in january
paul e. northen joined rollins in 2015 as chief financial officer and treasurer. he was promoted to vice president of rollins, inc. in january 2016, and senior vice president of rollins, inc. in april 2018. he began his career with ups in 1985 and brings a wealth of tax,
(4)  risk management and audit experience as well as strong international exposure to rollins.
prior to joining rollins, mr. northen was vice president of international finance and accounting-global business services for ups. he previously held the positions of chief financial officer of ups' asia pacific region based in hong kong, and as vice president of finance in ups' pacific and western regions.
elizabeth (beth) brannen chandler joined rollins in 2013 as vice president and general counsel. in 2017, beth assumed responsibility for the risk management and internal audit groups. she was appointed to corporate secretary in january 2018. before joining
(5)  rollins, mrs. chandler was vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary for asbury automotive. prior to working with asbury, mrs. chandler served as city attorney for the city of atlanta; and she served as vice president, assistant general counsel and corporate secretary for mirant corp.
part ii item 5.  market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities.
the common stock of the company is listed on the new york stock exchange and is traded on the philadelphia, chicago and boston exchanges under the symbol rol.
as of january 31, 2020, there were 7,852 holders of record of the company's common stock. however, a large number of our shareholders hold their shares in "street name" in brokerage accounts and, therefore, do not appear on the shareholder list maintained by our transfer agent.
issuer purchases of equity securities during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, the company did not repurchase shares on the open market. in total, there remain 7.6 million additional shares authorized to be repurchased under prior board approval. the repurchase program does not have an expiration date.
total number of weighted    shares purchased as          maximum number of total number          average    part of publicly        shares that may yet be of shares       price paid    announced                  purchased under the period                    purchased (1)        per share    repurchase plans (2)          repurchase plans
(1)  repurchases from employees for the payment of taxes on vesting of restricted shares in the following amounts: october 2019: 0; november 2019: 848; and december 2019: 1,210.
(2)  company has a share repurchase plan adopted in 2012, to repurchase up to 11.25 million shares of the company's common stock.
performance graph the following graph sets forth a five-year comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return based on the performance of the stock of the company as compared with both a broad equity market index and an industry index.
the indices included in the following graph are the s&p 500 index and the s&p 500 commercial services index.
comparison of five year cumulative total return*
500 commercial services & supplies assumes initial investment of $100
*total return assumes reinvestment of dividends note: total returns based on market capitalization
item 6.  selected financial data the following summary financial data of rollins highlights selected financial data and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this document.
five-year financial summary statement of operations data
operating activities net cash used in investing           $   (455,107  )    $   (101,375  )    $   (154,175  )    $    (76,842  )    $    (69,942  )
amortization of intangible          $     44,465       $     36,428       $     29,199       $     26,177       $     25,168
assets capital             $    (27,146  )    $    (27,179  )    $    (24,680  )    $    (33,081  )    $    (39,495  )
expenditures balance sheet data at end of year:
equity number of shares outstanding at           327,431            327,308            326,988            326,688            327,830
year-end item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
presentation this discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this document. discussions of 2017 items and year-to-year comparisons of 2018 and 2017 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 on our annual report on form 10-kfor the year ended december 31, 2018. the following discussion (as well as other discussions in this document) contains forward-looking statements. please see "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements" for a discussion of uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements.
the company rollins, inc. (the "company"), was originally incorporated in 1948, under the laws of the state of delaware as rollins broadcasting, inc. the company is an international service company with headquarters located in atlanta, georgia, providing pest and termite control services through its wholly-owned subsidiaries to both residential and commercial customers in the united states, canada, australia, europe, and asia with international franchises in mexico, canada, central and south america, the caribbean, the middle east, asia, europe, and africa. services are performed through a contract that specifies the treatment and the pricing arrangement with the customer.
the company has only one reportable segment, its pest and termite control business. the company's results of operations and its financial condition are not reliant upon any single customer or a few customers or the company's foreign operations.
overview results of operations
cost of services                     993,593            894,437            819,943                 (11.1  )     (9.1  )
of assets, net interest expense/(incom...                6,917               (220  )            (259  )                n/m       (15.1  )
general operating comments
2019 marked the company's 22nd consecutive year of improved revenues. revenues for the year rose 10.6 percent to
million compared to $310.7 million the prior year. net income decreased 12.2% to $203.3 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.62 compared to $231.7 million, or $0.71 per diluted share for the prior year.
all of the company's business lines experienced growth for the year, with residential pest control revenues up
11.3%, commercial pest control revenues up 8.9% and termite and ancillary services revenues up 11.6%, each compared to 2018.
results of operations-2019 versus 2018
overview the company's revenues increased to $2.015 billion in 2019, a 10.6% increase compared to 2018. gross margin decreased to 50.7% for 2019 from 50.9% in 2018. service salaries and personnel related expenses for the 401(k)
match were impacted by the clark pest control acquisition. sales, general and administrative expense were 30.9% of revenues in 2019 compared to 30.2% in 2018. the company's depreciation and amortization expense increased 21.4% to
4.0% in 2019 compared to 3.7% in 2018. rollins' net income of $203.3 million in 2019 was a decrease of $28.3
million or 12.2% compared to $231.7 million in 2018. net profit margin declined to 10.1% in 2019 from 12.7% in
2018. rollins continued to expand our global brand recognition with acquisitions in the united states and canada as well as expanded our orkin international franchise program in numerous countries around the globe. in our first 50
years, we have grown to over 2.4 million customers who are served in 65 countries, and those countries represent
73.6% of the world's gdp. the company continues to seek new international opportunities.
revenues revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 were $2.015 billion, an increase of $194 million or 10.6% from 2018
revenues of $1.822 billion. growth occurred across all service lines with our canadian and australian companies being hindered by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. growth and pricing accounted for approximately 4.8%
of our increase, and our acquisitions contributed the remaining revenue growth. commercial pest control represented approximately 38% of the company's revenue in 2019 and grew 8.9%. acquisitions from foreign companies, which are primarily commercial, contributed to the increase, as well as increases in sales, an emphasis on closing leads, and better cancellation rates. commercial pest control was negatively impacted by foreign currency exchange rates as our foreign companies are heavily commercial. residential pest control, which represented approximately 43% of the company's revenue, increased 11.3% driven largely by the clark pest control acquisition, which is mainly residential. other factors such as increases in leads received, leads sold, a lower cancellation rate, and pricing, as well as increased taexx ®homebuilder installations also contributed to the increase in residential pest control revenue. the company's termite business, which represented approximately 18% of the company's revenue, grew 11.6%
in 2019 due to acquisitions, increases in termite baiting, and ancillary service sales (such as moisture control, insulation and deck and gutter work).
the company implemented its traditional price increase program in june 2019. around 1% of the company's revenue increase is attributable to pricing actions. approximately 80% of the company's pest control revenue was recurring in 2019, as well as 2018.
the company's foreign operations accounted for approximately 8% of total revenues for each of the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the company established new franchises in several international countries around the globe in 2019 for a total of 97 orkin international franchises, one canadian critter control franchise, and ten australia franchises at december 31, 2019, compared to 86 orkin international franchises, two canadian critter control franchises and ten australia franchises at december 31, 2018. the australia franchises operate under the murray pest control and scientific pest management names.
international and domestic franchising revenue was less than 1% of the company's revenues for 2019. orkin had 147
compared to 2018 as the company continued to expand orkin's international footprint and recognition of initial franchise fees.
cost of services provided for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019, cost of services provided increased $99.2 million or 11.1%, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2018. gross margin for the year decreased to 50.7% for 2019 compared to
50.9% for 2018 due to increased participation rates in our enhanced 401(k) match to employees and an increase in group insurance premiums in 2019. integration of acquisitions resulted in slight increases in service salaries percentages.
compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2018. the dollar increase was primarily due to depreciation increasing $6.3 million or 20.7% from the depreciation of acquired and purchased assets and depreciation from various it related projects. amortization of intangible assets increased $8.0 million or 22.1% for 2019 due to the additional amortization of customer contracts from several acquisitions over the last year, including a full year of opc services and aardwolf pestkare, acquired in early and mid-2018, respectively, and the 2019 acquisition of clark pest control in april, as well as several smaller foreign and domestic companies.
million, or 13.2% compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2018. sg&a increased to 30.9% of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 30.2% in 2018. the company incurred higher than normal expenses in
2019 related to acquisition preparation and integration as well as expenses related to the pension settlement activities. the enhanced 401(k) match enticed more of the company's workforce to save for their futures.
administrative salaries were up due to increased office headcount and wages. medical and casualty insurance expenses were up for the year. the company also had increased use of outside professional services in it projects as well as other projects.
gain on sales of assets, net gain on sales of assets, net decreased to $0.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to $0.9
million in 2018. the company recognized gains from the sale of owned vehicles and owned property in 2019 and 2018.
taxes the company's effective tax rate was 22.1% in 2019 compared to 25.4% in 2018, due primarily to state and foreign income taxes and beneficial adjustments related to the pension settlement.
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash flow cash from operating activities is the principal source of cash generation for our businesses.
the most significant source of cash in rollins' cash flow from operations is customer-related activities, the largest of which is collecting cash resulting from services sales. the most significant operating use of cash is to pay our suppliers, employees, tax authorities and others for a wide range of material and services.
net cash provided by operating             $         309,188       $   286,272       $   235,370
effect of exchange rate on cash                       (2,945  )        (14,179  )         13,333
equivalents cash provided by operating activities the company's operations generated cash of $309.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily from net income of $203.3 million, compared with cash provided by operating activities of $286.3 million in 2018 and $235.4
million in 2017. the company believes its current cash and cash equivalents balances, future cash flows expected to be generated from operating activities, available borrowings under its $175.0 million revolving credit facility and
$250.0 million term loan facility will be sufficient to finance its current operations and obligations, and fund expansion of the business for the foreseeable future.
the company settled its obligations under the rollins, inc. pension plan without making any additional contributions during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 or 2017. the plan was fully funded with a prepaid balance. the plan assets exceeded the plan benefit obligations, and $31.8 million remained after the combination of lump sum payments to participants, the purchase of a group annuity contract, and payments to the pension benefit guaranty corporation. the company has evaluated the erisa allowable opportunities for utilization of the excess pension assets including funding other employee benefits. the company used $11.0 million of the $31.8 million to fund its 401(k) match obligation during the year ended december 31, 2019, and plans to continue funding future benefit plan obligations, with a possible reversion of any remaining pension assets to the company per erisa regulations.
the company has one small remaining pension in one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and made a contribution of $0.1
million during the year ended december 31, 2019. no contributions were made during 2018 or 2017. while the company's management does not expect to make a contribution to its remaining pension plan during fiscal year 2020, additional plan contributions, if any, will not have a material effect on the company's financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
million and $154.2 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively, and of that, invested approximately $27.1 million in capital expenditures during 2019 compared to $27.2 million and $24.7 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively.
capital expenditures for the year consisted primarily of property purchases, equipment replacements and technology related projects. the company expects to invest between $28 million and $30 million in 2020 in capital expenditures. during 2019, the company and its subsidiaries acquired clark pest control as well as several other small to mid-sized companies for a total of $430.6 million compared to $76.8 million and $130.2 million in acquisitions during 2018 and 2017, respectively. the expenditures for the company's acquisitions were funded through existing cash balances, borrowings on our line of credit, a term loan, and other operating cash flows. the company continues to seek new acquisitions.
cash from financing activities the company generated cash of $127.7 million from financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to using $162.3 million and $130.3 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively. the company borrowed $291.5
million throughout 2019, net of repayments, primarily to fund the investing activities notes above. a total of
$153.8 million was paid in cash dividends ($0.47 per share) during the year ended december 31, 2019 including a special dividend paid in december 2019 of $0.05 per share, compared to $152.7 million in cash dividends paid ($0.47
per share) during the year ended december 31, 2018, including a special dividend paid in december 2018 of $0.09 per share and $122.0 million paid in cash dividends ($0.37 per share) during the year ended december 31, 2017, including a special dividend paid in december 2017 of $0.07 per share.
the company did not purchase shares on the open market during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
there remain 7.6 million shares, adjusted for the december 10, 2018 three-for-two stock split, authorized to be repurchased under prior board approval. the company repurchased $10.0 million, $9.5 million, and $8.2 million of common stock for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, from employees for the payment of taxes on vesting restricted shares.
the company's $94.3 million of total cash at december 31, 2019 is primarily cash held at various banking institutions. approximately $74.1 million is held in cash accounts at international bank institutions and the remaining $20.2 million is primarily held in federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insured non-interest-
the company's international business is expanding, and we intend to continue to grow the business in foreign markets in the future through reinvestment of foreign deposits and future earnings as well as acquisitions of unrelated companies. repatriation of cash from the company's foreign subsidiaries is not a part of the company's current business plan.
rollins maintains adequate liquidity and capital resources, without regard to its foreign deposits, that are directed to finance domestic operations and obligations and to fund expansion of its domestic business.
for information regarding our revolving credit agreement see note 4 - debt of the notes to financial statements
(part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
litigation for discussion on the company's legal contingencies, see note 15 - commitments and contingencies to the accompanying financial statements.
off balance sheet arrangements, contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments the company has no material off balance sheet arrangements.
the impact that the company's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019 are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods is as follows:
line of credit         $                101,500    $          -    $          -    $    101,500    $          -
operating leases non compete                                 323             323               -               -               -
these amounts represent expected payments with interest for unrecognized tax benefits as of
critical accounting policies and estimates the company views critical accounting policies and estimates to be those that are very important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and that require management's most difficult, complex or subjective judgments. the circumstances that make these judgments difficult or complex relate to the need for management to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. we believe our critical accounting policies to be as follows:
accrual for termite contracts-the company maintains an accrual for termite claims representing the estimated costs of reapplications, repairs and associated labor and chemicals, settlements, awards and other costs relative to termite control services. factors that may impact future costs include termiticide life expectancy and government regulation. it is significant that the actual number of claims has decreased in recent years due to changes in the company's business practices. however, it is not possible to precisely predict future significant claims. accruals for termite contracts are included in other current liabilities and long-term accrued liabilities on the company's consolidated statements of financial position.
accrued insurance-the company retains, up to specified limits, certain risks related to general liability, workers'
compensation and vehicle liability. risks above specified limits are managed through either high deductible insurance or a non-affiliated group captive insurance member arrangement. the estimated costs of existing and future claims under the retained loss program are accrued based upon historical trends as incidents occur, whether reported or unreported (although actual settlement of the claims may not be made until future periods) and may be subsequently revised based on developments relating to such claims. the company contracts with an independent third-party actuary on a semi-annual basis to provide the company an estimated liability based upon historical claims information. the actuarial study is a major consideration in establishing the reserve, along with management's knowledge of changes in business practice and existing claims compared to current balances.
management's judgment is inherently subjective as a number of factors are outside management's knowledge and control. additionally, historical information is not always an accurate indication of future events. the company continues to be proactive in safety and risk management to develop and maintain ongoing programs to reduce claims.
initiatives that have been implemented include required pre-employment screening and ongoing motor vehicle record review for all drivers, post-offer physicals for new employees, pre-hire, random and post incident drug testing, increased driver training and post-injury nurse triage for work-related injuries.
revenue recognition-the company's revenue recognition policy is to recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. we enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products and services, each of which are distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.
more on the company's revenue recognition policy can be found in the company's notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies with the heading revenue recognition.
contingency accruals-the company is a party to legal proceedings with respect to matters in the ordinary course of business. in accordance with the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards codification
("asc") topic 450 "contingencies,"management estimates and accrues for its liability and costs associated with the litigation. estimates and accruals are determined in consultation with outside counsel. because it is not possible to accurately predict the ultimate result of the litigation, judgments concerning accruals for liabilities and costs associated with litigation are inherently uncertain and actual liabilities may vary from amounts estimated or accrued. however, in the opinion of management, the outcome of the litigation will not have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition or results of operations. contingency accruals are included in other current liabilities and long-term accrued liabilities on the company's consolidated statements of financial position.
defined benefit pension plans- the company had two defined benefit pension plans; the rollins, inc. defined benefit plan and the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan.
the company ceased all future benefit accruals under the rollins, inc. defined benefit plan, in 2005, but remained obligated to provide employees benefits earned through june 2005. during 2018, the company initiated the process to transition its pension plan to an insurance provider. at december 31, 2018, the company utilized a termination liability approach. this approach reflected the estimated impact of the distribution of benefits due to a standard termination. plan liabilities were to be settled through the purchase of annuities from an insurance provider or through the distribution of lump sum payments to eligible participants that elected to receive such a form of payment. discount rates of 3.90% per year for participants in pay status and 4.11% per year for participants with deferred benefits were selected by the plan sponsor to determine the benefit obligation resulting from plan termination annuity purchases.
the discount rates reflected the single effective interest rate that produced the same present value as that produced when the expected future cash flows for participants expected to elect an annuity were discounted with the ftse yield curve
as of the measurement date. to determine the benefit obligation resulting from plan termination lump sum payments, the expected future cash flows for lump sum eligible participants, determined with the irc 417(e) mortality table for 2019, were discounted with the irc 417(e) segment interest rates for the month of november 2018 (3.43%, 4.46%, and 4.88%). only 50% of active, 30% of deferred vested, and 25% of retired participants that were eligible to receive a lump sum distribution of their pension benefit upon plan termination, were assumed to elect this form of payment.
the plan was settled during 2019 through a combination of lump sum payments to participants, the purchase of a group annuity contract, and payments to the pension benefit guaranty corporation.
the company's sole remaining defined benefit pension plan is the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan. this plan was amended, effective september 1, 2018, to freeze future benefit accruals for all participants.
the company accounts for these defined benefit plans in accordance with the fasb asc topic 715 "compensation-
retirement benefits," and engages an outside actuary to calculate its obligations and costs. with the assistance of the actuary, the company evaluates the significant assumptions used on a periodic basis including the estimated future return on plan assets, the discount rate, and other factors, and makes adjustments to these liabilities as necessary.
the company chooses an expected rate of return on plan assets based on historical results for similar allocations among asset classes, the investments strategy, and the views of our investment adviser. differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual return are amortized over future years. therefore, the net deferral of past asset gains or losses ultimately affects future pension expense. the company's assumption for the expected return on plan assets is 7.0% which is unchanged from the prior year.
waltham services, llc hourly employees pension plan utilizes a yield curve approach. the approach utilizes an economic model whereby the company's expected benefit payments over the life of the plans is forecast and then compared to a portfolio of corporate bonds that will mature at the same time that the benefit payments are due in any given year. the economic model then calculates the one discount rate to apply to all benefit payments over the life of the plan which will result in the same total lump sum as the payments from the corporate bonds. the discount rate was 4.70% as of december 31, 2019 compared to 4.05% in both 2018 and 2017. a higher discount rate decreases the present value of benefit obligation.
as set forth in note 16 to the company's financial statements, included among the asset categories for the plan's investments are real estate, tactical composite and alternative investments comprised of investments in real estate and hedge funds. these investments are categorized as investments at net asset value ("nav") and are valued using significant non-observable inputs which do not have a readily determinable fair value. in accordance with accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2009-12 " investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent),"these investments are valued based on the net asset value per share calculated by the funds in which the plan has invested. these valuations are subject to judgments and assumptions of the funds which may prove to be incorrect, resulting in risks of incorrect valuation of these investments. the company seeks to mitigate against these risks by evaluating the appropriateness of the funds' judgments and assumptions by reviewing the financial data included in the funds' financial statements for reasonableness .
the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan had a net pension liability of $0.8 million and $0.6 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018 respectively. the recorded change within accumulated other comprehensive income increased stockholders' equity by $75.6 million before tax and $45.9 million after tax, driven mainly by the rollins, inc. defined benefit plan settlement.
recent accounting guidance see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
forward-looking statements this annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such forward-looking statements include statements regarding (i) management's belief that the company competes favorably with competitors; (ii) our belief that our operations' substantially comply with applicable federal and state environmental laws and regulations and that such compliance has had no material adverse effect on our operations to date; (iii) our maintenance of supplies is sufficient to fulfill our immediate needs and to alleviate potential short-term shortages in such supplies; (iv) any environmental remediation costs estimated to be incurred are not material to our financial condition or operating results, (v) the adequacy of our facilities to meet our future needs; (vi) the outcome of litigation, as discussed in the legal proceedings section and elsewhere and our belief that such litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity; (vii) the belief that we have adequate liquid assets, funding sources and insurance accruals to satisfy any claims; (viii) our expectation to continue our payment of cash dividends; (ix) plans regarding future acquisitions and franchise expansions, including our belief that acquisitions have been and may continue to be an important element of our business strategy; (x) the adequacy of our resources and borrowings to fund operations, obligations, and expansions; (xi) plans to continue funding future defined benefit plan obligations with a possible reversion of any remaining pension assets to us in compliance with erisa regulations; (xii) our belief that the company will not make a contribution to its remaining pension plan during fiscal year 2020; (xiii) our belief that any potential additional plan pension plan contributions will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity; (xiv) our projected 2020
capital expenditures; (xv) the plans to grow the business in foreign markets through reinvestment of foreign deposits and future earnings and through acquisitions of unrelated companies with no expectation of repatriation of cash from our foreign subsidiaries; (xvi) our expectation that we will maintain compliance with the covenants contained in our revolving credit agreement throughout 2020; (xvii) the impact and amount of our contractual obligations; (xviii) our expectations regarding termite claims and factors that impact future costs from those claims; (xix) the expected cost of termite renewals; (xx) the expected collectability of accounts receivable; (xxi)
our belief that our tax positions are fully supportable; (xxii) expectations and plans regarding any losses from franchisees; (xxiii) the impact of recent accounting pronouncements; (xxiv) and interest rate risks and foreign exchange rate risk on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity; (xxv) our ability to utilize all of our foreign net operating losses and the possibility that the company's unrecognized tax benefits will decrease in the next 12 months; (xxvi) our estimation regarding an interest rate reclassification in the next 12 months;
(xxvii) our reasonable certainty that we will exercise the renewal options on our operating leases; (xxviii)
expectations regarding the recognition of compensation costs related to time-lapse restricted shares; (xxix) our estimation that the allowance for credit losses reported in our consolidated balance sheet will decrease by an immaterial amount upon the adoption of asu 2016-13; (xxx) the impact of foreign interest and exchange rate fluctuation on the value of our cash receipts and payments in terms of our functional currency; (xxxi) our belief that maintaining and enhancing our brands increases our ability to enter new markets and launch new and innovative services that better serve the needs of our customers (xxxii) the maintenance of adequate liquidity and capital resources, without regard to its foreign deposits, that are directed to finance domestic operations and obligations and to fund expansion of our domestic business; (xxxiii) our ability to be proactive in safety and risk management to develop and maintain ongoing programs to reduce claims; and (xxxiv) our expected return on plan assets. our actual results could differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements because of various risks, timing and uncertainties including, without limitation, the failure to maintain and enhance our brands and develop a positive client reputation; possibility of an adverse ruling against us in pending litigation; general economic conditions; unsuccessful expansion into international markets; general market risk; our inability to attract and retain skilled workers; changes in industry practices or technologies; the unauthorized access of personal, financial, or other data or information about our customers, employees, third parties, or of our proprietary confidential information; the degree of success of our termite process reforms and pest control selling and treatment methods; the unauthorized access of personal, financial, or other data or information about our customers, employees, third parties, or of our proprietary confidential information; our ability to identify and integrate potential acquisitions; climate and weather trends; competitive factors and pricing practices; potential increases in labor costs; changes in various government laws and regulations, including environmental regulations;
and any actions taken by our franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors that could harm our business. all of the foregoing risks and uncertainties are beyond our ability to control, and in many cases we cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-
looking statements. the company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements.
item 7a.  quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk market risk the company maintained an investment portfolio (included in cash and cash equivalents) subject to short-term interest rate risk exposure. the company is subject to interest rate risk exposure through borrowings on its $175.0
million revolving credit facility and $250.0 million term loan facility. as of december 31, 2019, the revolving commitment had outstanding borrowings of $101.5 million and the term loan had outstanding borrowings of $190.0
million. additionally, the company maintained $32.9 million in letters of credit. these letters of credit are required by the company's fronting insurance companies and/or certain states, due to the company's self-insured status, to secure various workers' compensation and casualty insurance contracts coverage. the company believes that it has adequate liquid assets, funding sources and insurance accruals to accommodate such claims. the company is also exposed to market risks arising from changes in foreign exchange rates. the company believes that this foreign exchange rate risk will not have a material impact upon the company's results of operations going forward.
for a discussion of the company's activities to manage risks relative to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, see note 11 to the accompanying financial statements.
management's report on internal controls over financial reporting to the stockholders of rollins, inc.:
the management of rollins, inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. rollins, inc. maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, that assets are safeguarded against loss or unauthorized use and that the financial records are adequate and can be relied upon to produce financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the internal control system is augmented by written policies and procedures, an internal audit program and the selection and training of qualified personnel. this system includes policies that require adherence to ethical business standards and compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of internal controls over financial reporting, as of december 31, 2019 based on criteria established in the 2013
internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission. we have elected to exclude our wholly-owned subsidiary, clark pest control of stockton, inc, a 2019
acquisition, from management's evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019.
this acquisition constituted 21.8% of total assets as of december 31, 2019 and 4.7% of revenues for the year then ended. refer to notes 1 and 2 in the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this acquisition and its impact on rollins, inc.'s financial statements. management has commenced evaluation of the design of the internal control environment and expects to include this entity in evaluation of icfr effective december 31, 2020.
based on this evaluation, management's assessment is that rollins, inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019.
the independent registered public accounting firm, grant thornton llp has audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended december 31, 2019, and has also issued their report on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting, included in this report on page 24.
gary w. rollins            paul e. northen gary                       paul w. rollins                 e. northen vice chairman and chief    senior vice president, executive officer          chief financial officer and treasurer atlanta, georgia february 28, 2020
report of independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting board of directors and stockholders'
opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited the internal control over financial reporting of rollins, inc. (a delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the "company") as of december 31, 2019, based on criteria established in the 2013 internal control-integrated frameworkissued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission
("coso"). in our opinion, the company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019, based on criteria established in the 2013 internal control-integrated frameworkissued by coso.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) ("pcaob"), the consolidated financial statements of the company as of and for the year ended december 31,
2019, and our report dated february 28, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying management's report on internal controls over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
our audit of, and opinion on, the company's internal control over financial reporting does not include the internal control over financial reporting of clark pest control of stockton, inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary, whose financial statements reflect total assets and revenues constituting 21.8 and 4.7 percent, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended december 31, 2019. as indicated in management's report, clark pest control of stockton, inc. was acquired during 2019. management's assertion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting excluded internal control over financial reporting of clark pest control of stockton, inc.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
report of independent registered public accounting firm on consolidated financial statements and schedule board of directors and stockholders'
opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of rollins, inc. (a delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the "company") as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive earnings, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under item 15(a)
(collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) ("pcaob"), the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019, based on criteria established in the 2013 internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission ("coso"), and our report dated february
change in accounting principle as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of january 1, 2019, due to the adoption of accounting standards codification topic 842, leases.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matters the critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. the communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
business combinations - acquisition of clark pest control of stockton, inc.
as described further in notes 1 and 2 to the company's consolidated financial statements, the company completed the acquisition of clark pest control of stockton, inc. ("clark") on april 30,
we identified the company's determination of the fair value of the identified intangible assets acquired in the clark acquisition as a critical audit matter.
the principal considerations for our determination that the fair value of identified intangible assets in the acquisition of clark is a critical audit matter are because of the significant estimates management makes to determine their fair value. this requires a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our valuation specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management's assumptions related to the discount rates, customer attrition, and revenue growth projections.
our audit procedures related to the determination of the fair value of acquired intangible assets in the clark acquisition included the following, among others. we tested the effectiveness of controls relating to the accounting for the clark acquisition, which included the models used to determine the fair value of major classes of intangible assets along with any contingent consideration liabilities. we inspected the purchase agreement for this acquisition. we utilized valuation specialists to assess the reasonableness of the significant assumptions utilized by management within the models. we recalculated the calculation and support for the opening entry and subsequent recording of the entry for the clark acquisition.
accrued insurance as described further in note 1 to the financial statements, rollins, inc. (the "company") retains, up to certain policy-specified limits, certain risks related to general liability, workers' compensation, and vehicle and equipment liability costs. the estimated costs of existing and future claims under the retained loss program are accrued based upon historical trends as incidents occur, whether reported or unreported (although actual settlement of the claims may not be made until future periods) and may be subsequently revised based on developments relating to such claims. we identified accrued insurance reserves and related expenses ("accrued insurance") as a critical audit matter.
the principal considerations for our determination that accrued insurance is a critical audit matter are that the accrual for accrued insurance has higher risk of estimation uncertainty due to the loss development factors and inherent assumptions in actuarial methods used in determining the required reserves. the estimation uncertainty and complexity of the actuarial methods utilized resulted in auditor judgment when assessing if management's accrual for accrued insurance was determined utilizing a reasonable basis and was materially correct.
we utilized a specialist in evaluating management's methods
•  and assumptions to ensure the methods provided a reasonable basis for determining reserves including selected loss development factors.
•  we performed a retrospective review of prior projections to current projections to validate that changes in estimated ultimate losses were reasonable.
we reconciled claims data to the actuarial information and tested
•  a sample of underlying claims through review of accident reports, insurance claims and legal records to validate information utilized by management in developing the accrual for accrued insurance was complete and accurate.
we tested the design and operating effectiveness of key controls relating to accrued insurance, including, but not limited to, controls to (1) validate that claims were reported and submitted
•  accurately and timely, and (2) internal claims data were reconciled to claims data maintained by the third party administrator and submitted to the company's actuary to validate information utilized by management in developing the accrual for accrued insurance was complete and accurate.
implementation of asc 842
as more fully described in note 1 to the financial statements, the company adopted asc 842, leases, as of january
1, 2019 which resulted in the recognition of a right-of-use asset ("rou asset") and a lease liability for operating leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease), at the commencement of the lease term.
the liability is equal to the present value of future lease payments. the asset will be based on the liability, subject to certain adjustments, including initial direct costs and lessor provided incentives. we identified adoption of asc 842 as a critical audit matter driven primarily by the significant judgment in establishing the lease liability and rou asset - specifically the discount rate to apply to the future lease payments.
we identified the adoption of asc 842 as a critical audit matter because it is a substantial change in accounting for leases and as such requires significant auditor judgment in obtaining sufficient and appropriate audit evidence related to management's determination of the lease liability and rou asset and their selection of a discount rate to be applied to future lease payments.
our audit procedures related to the adoption of asc 842 include the following, among others. we tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls relating to the initial adoption of asc 842 and ongoing accounting for new leases obtained during the period. we evaluated the independent auditor's report on operating effectiveness of controls at the company's third party lease software vendor, which included testing the design and operating effectiveness of the relevant user controls due to the company's reliance on the third party software to appropriately calculate the related rou asset and lease liability. we verified the completeness of the population of leases that management evaluated as part of the initial impact of adoption and the on-going accounting. we inspected a sample of lease contracts, validated the relevant inputs to the lease software, and recalculated the software's calculation of the rou asset and lease liability. we performed procedures to evaluate the appropriateness of the discount rate used by the company in establishing the rou asset and lease liability, which included the use of a specialist to evaluate the reasonableness of the discount rate used by management in the initial measurement of the lease liability.
item 8.  financial statements and supplementary data consolidated statements of financial position rollins, inc. and subsidiaries
(in thousands except share information)
trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $16,699 and                      122,766            104,016
$13,285, respectively financed receivables, short-term, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of                     22,267             18,454
customer contracts, net                               273,720            178,075
operating lease, right-of-use assets,                 200,727                  -
net financed receivables, long-term, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of                     30,792             28,227
$1,284 and $1,536 respectively benefit plan assets                                    21,565                  -
operating lease liabilities-current                    66,117                  -
current portion of long-term debt                      12,500                  -
operating lease liabilities, less                     135,651                  -
327,430,846 and 327,308,079 shares issued and outstanding, respectively paid in capital                                        89,413             85,386
equity the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
consolidated statements of income rollins, inc. and subsidiaries
(in thousands except share information)
customer services                          $  2,015,477       $  1,821,565       $  1,673,957
costs and expenses cost of services provided                       993,593            894,437            819,943
gain on sales of assets, net                       (581  )            (875  )            (242  )
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings rollins, inc. and subsidiaries
pension and other postretirement benefit        45,896          (11,050  )        14,159
plans, net of tax foreign currency translation adjustments         4,350          (14,072  )         9,960
interest rate swap, net of tax                    (277  )             -                -
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
of sto...
net of tax fo...
net of tax fo...
of ad...                                                                                       212            212
of asc
net of tax pe...
net of tax fo...
net of tax ca...                                                                                      (15...  )       (153...  )
the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
consolidated statements of cash flows rollins, inc. and subsidiaries
years ended december 31, operating activities                               2019              2018              2017
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
changes in assets and liabilities:
net cash provided by operating                  309,188           286,272           235,370
activities investing activities cash used for acquisitions of companies,       (430,558  )        (76,769  )       (130,189  )
net of cash acquired capital expenditures                            (27,146  )        (27,179  )        (24,680  )
cash from sale of franchises                        617               343               519
proceeds from sale of assets                      1,758             1,840               370
financing activities borrowings under term loan                      250,000                 -                 -
borrowings under revolving commitment           190,000                 -                 -
repayments of long term debt                   (148,500  )              -                 -
payment of dividends                           (153,836  )       (152,742  )       (122,017  )
activities effect of exchange rate changes on cash          (2,945  )        (14,179  )         13,333
of year cash and cash equivalents at end of year    $    94,276       $   115,485       $   107,050
supplemental disclosure of cash flow information cash paid for interest                      $     6,452       $        25       $         -
non-cash additions to operating lease       $    75,782       $         -       $         -
right-of-use assets the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
supplemental disclosures of non-cash items pension-non-cash decreases/(increases) in the minimum pension liability which were charged/(credited) to other comprehensive income were $75.4 million, ($14.8) million, and $19.0 million in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.
business combinations-there were $34.2 million in non-cash acquisitions of assets in business combinations for the year ended december 31, 2019, $18.1 million in 2018 and $34.0 million for 2017.
notes to consolidated financial statements years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, rollins, inc. and subsidiaries
1. summary of significant accounting policies business description-rollins, inc. (the "company"), was originally incorporated in 1948, under the laws of the state of delaware as rollins broadcasting, inc.
the company is an international service company with headquarters located in atlanta, georgia, providing pest and termite control services through its wholly-owned subsidiaries to both residential and commercial customers in the united states, canada, australia, europe, and asia with international franchises in mexico, canada, central and south america, the caribbean, the middle east, asia, europe, africa, and australia. services are performed through a contract that specifies the pricing arrangement with the customer.
orkin, llc. ("orkin"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company founded in 1901, is the world's largest pest and termite control company. it provides customized services from over 400 locations. orkin either serves customers directly or through franchise operations, in the united states, canada, mexico, central and south america, the caribbean, the middle east, asia, europe, and africa providing essential pest control services and protection against termite damage, rodents and insects to homes and businesses, including hotels, food service establishments, food manufacturers, retailers and transportation companies. orkin operates under the orkin ®, and orkin canada
®trademarks and the acurid smservice mark. the orkin ®brand name makes orkin the most recognized pest and termite company throughout the united states. the orkin canada brand name provides similar brand recognition throughout canada.
orkin canada, a wholly-owned subsidiary of orkin founded in 1952, was acquired by orkin in 1999. orkin canada is canada's largest pest control provider and a leader in the development of fast, effective and environmentally responsible pest control solutions.
western pest services ("western"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company founded in 1928, was acquired by rollins, inc. in 2004. western is primarily a commercial pest control service company and its business complements most of the services orkin offers, focusing on the northeastern united states.
the industrial fumigant company ("ifc"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company founded in 1937, was acquired by rollins, inc. in 2005. ifc is a leading provider of pest management and sanitation services and products to the food and commodity industries.
hometeam pest defense ("hometeam"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company established in 1996, was acquired by rollins, inc. in april 2008. at the time of the acquisition, hometeam, with its unique taexx ®tubes in the wall pest control system, was recognized as a premier pest control business and ranked as the 4th largest company in the industry. hometeam services home builders nationally.
rollins australia ("rollins australia"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, acquired allpest wa ("allpest"), in february 2014. allpest was established in 1959 and is headquartered in perth, australia. allpest provides traditional commercial, residential, and termite service as well as consulting services on border protection related to australia's biosecurity program and provides specialized services to australia's mining and oil and gas sectors.
critter control, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, was acquired by rollins, inc. on february 27, 2015.
critter control was established in 1983 and is headquartered in traverse city, michigan. the business is primarily franchised, operating in 40 states and one canadian province.
rollins uk was formed as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company to acquire safeguard pest control ("safeguard")
in june 2016. safeguard is a pest control company established in the united kingdom in 1991 with a history of providing superior pest control, bird control, and specialist services to residential and commercial customers.
northwest pest control, llc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company founded in 1951, was acquired by rollins, inc. in august 2017. northwest specializes in residential and commercial termite control, pest control, mosquito control, wildlife services, lawn care, insulation, and hvac services, focusing on the southeast united states.
on april 30, 2019, the company acquired clark pest control of stockton, inc. ("clark pest control") located in lodi, ca. at the time of the acquisition, clark pest control was a leading pest management company in california and the nation's 8th largest pest management company according to pct 100 rankings. clark pest control services its customers from 26 service locations in 2 states. clark pest control recorded revenues of approximately $139.2
million for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018. the company's consolidated statements of income include the results of operations of clark pest control for the period beginning april 30, 2019 through december 31, 2019.
the company has several smaller wholly-owned subsidiaries that in total make up less than 5% of the company's total revenues.
the company has only one reportable segment, its pest and termite control business. revenue, operating profit and identifiable assets for this segment, includes the united states, canada, australia, europe, asia, mexico, central and south america, the caribbean, the middle east, and africa. the company's results of operations and its financial condition are not reliant upon any single customer, few customers or foreign operations.
principles of consolidation-the company's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of rollins, inc.
and the company's wholly-owned subsidiaries and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("gaap"). the company does not consolidate the financial statements of any company in which it has an ownership interest of 50% or less. the company is not the primary beneficiary of, nor does it have a controlling financial interest in, any variable interest entity. accordingly, the company has not consolidated any variable interest entity. the company reclassified certain prior period amounts, none of which were material, to conform to the current period presentation. all material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
subsequent events-the company evaluates its financial statements through the date the financial statements are issued.
estimates used in the preparation of consolidated financial statements-the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the accompanying notes and financial statements. actual results could differ from those estimates.
revenue recognition-the company's revenue recognition policy is to recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. we enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products and services, each of which are distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.
nature of goods and services and performance obligations the company contracts with its customers to provide the following goods and services, each of which is a distinct performance obligation:
pest control services -rollins provides pest control services to protect residential and commercial properties from common pests, including rodents and insects. pest control generally consists of assessing a customer's property for conditions that invite pests, tackling current infestations, and stopping the life cycle to prevent future invaders. revenue from pest control services is recognized as services are rendered.
the company's revenue recognition policies are designed to recognize revenues upon satisfaction of the performance obligation at the time services are performed. for certain revenue types, because of the timing of billing and the receipt of cash versus the timing of performing services, certain accounting estimates are utilized. residential and commercial pest control services are primarily recurring in nature on a monthly, bi-monthly or quarterly basis, while certain types of commercial customers may receive multiple treatments within a given month. in general, pest control customers sign an initial one-year contract, and revenues are recognized at the time services are performed. the company defers recognition of advance payments and recognizes the revenue as the services are rendered. the company classifies discounts related to the advance payments as a reduction in revenues.
termite control services (including traditional and baiting) -rollins provides both traditional and baiting termite protection services. traditional termite protection uses "termidor" liquid treatment and/or dry foam and orkin foam to treat voids and spaces around the property, while baiting termite protection uses baits to disrupt the molting process termites require for growth and offers ongoing protection. revenue from initial termite treatment services is recognized as services are provided.
maintenance/monitoring/inspection -in connection with the initial service offerings, rollins provides recurring maintenance, monitoring or inspection services to help protect consumer's property for any future sign of termite activities after the original treatment. this recurring service is a service-type warranty under asc 606 as it is routinely sold and purchased separately from the initial treatment services and is typically purchased or renewed annually.
termite baiting revenues are recognized based on the transfer of control of the individual units of accounting. at the inception of a new baiting services contract, upon quality control review of the installation, the company recognizes revenue for the installation of the monitoring stations, initial directed liquid termiticide treatment and servicing of the monitoring stations. a portion of the contract amount is deferred for the undelivered monitoring performance obligation. this portion is recognized as income on a straight-line basis over the remaining contract term, which results in recognition of revenue that depicts the company's performance in transferring control of the service. the allocation of the transaction price to the two deliverables is based on the relative stand-alone selling price. there are no contingencies related to the delivery of additional items or meeting other specified performance conditions. baiting renewal revenue is deferred and recognized over the annual contract period on a straight-line basis that depicts the company's performance in transferring control of the service.
revenue received for conventional termite renewals is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining contract term that depicts the company's performance in transferring control of the service; and, the cost of reinspections, reapplications and repairs and associated labor and chemicals are expensed as incurred. for outstanding claims, an estimate is made of the costs to be incurred (including legal costs) based upon current factors and historical information. the performance of reinspections tends to be close to the contract renewal date and while reapplications and repairs involve an insubstantial number of the contracts, these costs are incurred over the contract term. as the revenue is being deferred, the future cost of reinspections, reapplications and repairs and associated labor and chemicals applicable to the deferred revenue are expensed as incurred. the company accrues for noticed claims. the costs of providing termite services upon renewal are compared to the expected revenue to be received and a provision is made for any expected losses.
miscellaneous services (e.g., cleaning, etc.) -in certain agreements with customers, rollins may offer other miscellaneous services, including restroom cleaning (e.g., eliminating foul odors, grease and grime which could attract pests), training (e.g., seminars covering good manufacturing practices and product stewardship), etc.
revenue from miscellaneous services is recognized when services are provided.
products -depending on customer demand, rollins may separately sell pest control and/or termite protection products, such as traps. revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of the asset.
equipment rental (or lease) -depending on customer demand, rollins may lease certain pest control and/or termite protection equipment. revenue from equipment rentals are recognized over the period of the rental/lease. revenue from equipment rentals represent less than 1.0% of the company's revenues for each reported period.
right to access intellectual property (franchise) -the right to access rollins' intellectual property is an essential part of orkin's franchising agreements. these agreements provide the franchisee (the customer) a license to use the rollins' name and trademark when advertising and selling services to end customers in their normal course of business. orkin franchise agreements contain a clause allowing orkin to purchase certain assets of the franchisee. this is only an offer for orkin to re-purchase the assets originally provided by orkin to the franchisee and is not a performance obligation or a form of consideration. international and domestic franchising revenue was less than 1.0% of the company's annual revenues.
contract balances timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. we record unearned revenue when revenue is recognized subsequent to billing. unearned revenue mainly relates to the company's termite baiting offering, conventional renewals, and year-in-advance pest control services for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. for multi-year agreements, we generally invoice customers annually at the beginning of each annual coverage period. refer to note 3 - revenue for further information, including changes in unearned revenue for the year.
the company extends terms to certain customers on higher dollar termite and ancillary work, as well as to certain franchisees for initial funding on the sale of franchises. these financed receivables are segregated from our trade receivables. the amounts that are due within one year from the balance sheet dates are classified as short-term financed receivables, and are shown, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, at $22.3 million as of december 31,
2019 and $18.5 million at december 31, 2018. the balances of long-term financed receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, were $30.8 million as of december 31, 2019 and $28.2 million at december 31, 2018 and are included in long-term assets on our consolidated statements of financial position. see note 6 - financing receivables for further information.
the allowance for doubtful accounts reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance. we determine the allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently available evidence. activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts can be found on schedule ii-valuation and qualifying accounts.
payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 60 days. in instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. the primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our products and services, not to receive financing from our customers or to provide customers with financing.
practical expedients and exemptions we generally expense sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year or less. these costs are recorded within sales and marketing expenses.
we do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. all revenues are reported net of sales taxes.
the company's foreign operations accounted for approximately 8% of revenues for each of the years ended december
allowance for doubtful accounts- the company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the expected collectability of accounts receivable. management uses historical collection results as well as accounts receivable aging in order to determine the expected collectability of accounts receivable. substantially all of the company's receivables are due from pest control and termite services in the united states and selected international locations. the company's allowance for doubtful accounts is determined using a combination of factors to ensure that our receivables are not overstated due to uncollectability. the company's established credit evaluation procedures seek to minimize the amount of business we conduct with higher risk customers. provisions for doubtful accounts are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. accounts are written-off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when the company determines that amounts are uncollectible, and recoveries of amounts previously written off are recorded when collected. significant recoveries will generally reduce the required provision in the period of recovery. therefore, the provision for doubtful accounts can fluctuate significantly from period to period. there were no large recoveries in 2019, 2018, and 2017. we record specific provisions when we become aware of a customer's inability to meet its financial obligations to us, such as in the case of bankruptcy filings or deterioration in the customer's operating results or financial position. if circumstances related to customers change, our estimates of the realizability of receivables would be further adjusted, either upward or downward. see recent accounting guidance for discussion of the new fasb, asu 2016-13
cash and cash equivalents- the company considers all investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. short-term investments, included in cash and cash equivalents, are stated at cost, which approximates fair market value.
the company's $94.3 million of total cash at december 31, 2019, is primarily cash held at various banking institutions. approximately $74.1 million is held in cash accounts at international bank institutions and the remaining $20.2 million is primarily held in federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insured non-interest-
the company's international business is expanding, and we intend to continue to grow the business in foreign markets in the future through reinvestment of foreign deposits and future earnings as well as acquisitions of unrelated companies. repatriation of cash from the company's foreign subsidiaries is not a part of the company's current business plan.
rollins maintains adequate liquidity and capital resources, without regard to its foreign deposits, that are directed to finance domestic operations and obligations and to fund expansion of its domestic business for the foreseeable future.
marketable securities- from time to time, the company maintains investments held by several large, well-capitalized financial institutions. the company's investment policy does not allow investment in any securities rated less than
"investment grade" by national rating services.
management determines the appropriate classification of debt securities at the time of purchase and re-evaluates such designations as of each balance sheet date. debt securities are classified as available-for-sale because the company does not have the intent to hold the securities to maturity. available-for-sale securities are stated at their fair values, with the unrealized gains and losses reported as in earnings.
the company had no marketable securities other than those held in the defined benefit pension plan and the non-
income taxes-the company provides for income taxes based on fasb asc topic 740 "income taxes", which requires recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. the company provides an allowance for deferred tax assets when it determines that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be utilized. the company establishes additional provisions for income taxes when, despite the belief that tax positions are fully supportable, there remain certain positions that do not meet the minimum probability threshold.
equipment and property- equipment and property are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation, and are provided principally on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. annual provisions for depreciation are computed using the following asset lives: buildings, 10 to 40 years; and furniture, fixtures, and operating equipment, 2 to 10 years. expenditures for additions, major renewals and betterments are capitalized and expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. the cost of assets retired or otherwise disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization are eliminated from the accounts in the year of disposal with the resulting gain or loss credited or charged to income. the annual provisions for depreciation, below, have been reflected in the consolidated statements of income in the line item entitled depreciation and amortization.
the company does not amortize intangible assets with indefinite lives or goodwill. goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the assets might be impaired. such conditions may include an economic downturn or a change in the assessment of future operations. the company performs impairment tests of goodwill at the company level.
such impairment tests for goodwill include comparing the fair value of the appropriate reporting unit (the company)
with its carrying value. if the fair value of the reporting unit is lower than its carrying value, then the company will compare the implied fair value of goodwill to its carrying value. impairment losses are recognized whenever the implied fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying value. the company performs impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the fair value of each indefinite-lived intangible asset unit to its carrying value. the company recognizes an impairment charge if the asset's carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. the company completed its most recent annual impairment analysis as of september 30, 2019. based upon the results of these analyses, the company has concluded that no impairment of its goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite lives was indicated.
impairment of long-lived assets-in accordance with the fasb asc topic 360, "property, plant and equipment", the company's long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets with definite lives are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. we periodically evaluate the appropriateness of remaining depreciable lives assigned to long-lived assets, including customer contracts and assets that may be subject to a management plan for disposition.
accrued insurance-the company retains, up to specified limits, certain risks related to general liability, workers'
compensation and vehicle liability. risks above specified limits are managed through either high deductible insurance or a non-affiliated group captive insurance member arrangement. the estimated costs of existing and future claims under the retained loss program are accrued based upon historical trends as incidents occur, whether reported or unreported (although actual settlement of the claims may not be made until future periods) and may be subsequently revised based on developments relating to such claims. the company contracts with an independent third-party actuary on a semi-annual basis to provide the company an estimated liability based upon historical claims information. the actuarial study is a major consideration in establishing the reserve, along with management's knowledge of changes in business practice and existing claims compared to current balances.
management's judgment is inherently subjective as a number of factors are outside management's knowledge and control. additionally, historical information is not always an accurate indication of future events.
accrual for termite contracts-the company maintains an accrual for termite claims representing the estimated costs of reapplications, repairs and associated labor and chemicals, settlements, awards and other costs relative to termite control services. factors that may impact future costs include termiticide life expectancy and government regulation. it is significant that the actual number of claims has decreased in recent years due to changes in the company's business practices. however, it is not possible to precisely predict future significant claims. an accrual for termite contracts is included in other current liabilities and long-term accrued liabilities on the company's consolidated statements of financial position.
contingency accruals-the company is a party to legal proceedings with respect to matters in the ordinary course of business. in accordance with the fasb asc topic 450 "contingencies,"management estimates and accrues for its liability and costs associated with the litigation. estimates and accruals are determined in consultation with outside counsel. because it is not possible to accurately predict the ultimate result of the litigation, judgments concerning accruals for liabilities and costs associated with litigation are inherently uncertain and actual liability may vary from amounts estimated or accrued. however, in the opinion of management, the outcome of the litigation will not have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition or results of operations.
contingency accruals are included in other current liabilities and long-term accrued liabilities on the company's consolidated statements of financial position.
three-for-two stock split-the board of directors at its quarterly meeting on october 23, 2018, authorized a three-
for-two stock split by the issuance on december 10, 2018 of one additional common share for each two common shares held of record at november 9, 2018. all share and per share data appearing in the consolidated financial statements and related notes are restated for the three-for-two stock split.
earnings per share-the fasb asc topic 260-10 "earnings per share-overall,"requires a basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share presentation. further, all outstanding unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents, whether paid or unpaid, are considered participating securities and an entity is required to include participating securities in its calculation of basic earnings per share.
the company has periodically issued share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends and therefore are considered participating securities. see note 17 for further information on restricted stock granted to employees.
the basic and diluted calculations are the same as there were no stock options included in diluted earnings per share as we have no stock options outstanding. basic and diluted earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the respective periods.
a reconciliation of weighted average shares outstanding along with the earnings per share attributable to restricted shares of common stock(participating securities) is as follows (in thousands except per share data). all share and per share information in the following chart are restated for the stock split effective december 10,
restricted shares of common stock                (1,042  )         (1,284  )         (1,087  )
allocation of undistributed earnings:
restricted shares of common stock                   368               666               540
restricted shares of common stock                 2,431             2,762             3,091
restricted shares of common stock distributed earnings                        $      0.43       $      0.47       $      0.35
translation of foreign currencies-assets and liabilities reported in functional currencies other than u.s. dollars are translated into u.s. dollars at the year-end rate of exchange. revenues and expenses are translated at the weighted-average exchange rates for the year. the resulting translation adjustments are charged or credited to other comprehensive income. gains or losses from foreign currency transactions, such as those resulting from the settlement of receivables or payables, denominated in foreign currency are included in the earnings of the current period.
stock-based compensation- the company accounts for its stock-based compensation in accordance with the fasb asc topic 718 " compensation - stock compensation." time lapse restricted shares (tlrss) have been issued to officers and other management employees under the company's employee stock incentive plan.
tlrss provide for the issuance of a share of the company's common stock at no cost to the holder and generally vest after a certain stipulated number of years from the grant date, depending on the terms of the issue. outstanding tlrss vest in 20 percent increments starting with the second anniversary of the grant, over six years from the date of grant. during these years, grantees receive all dividends declared and retain voting rights for the granted shares. the agreements under which the restricted stock is issued provide that shares awarded may not be sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions established under the plans have lapsed. the fair value of these awards is recognized as compensation expense, net of forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over six years.
comprehensive income (loss)-other comprehensive income (loss) results from foreign currency translations, minimum pension liability adjustments and cash flow hedge of interest rate risks.
franchising program- rollins' wholly-owned subsidiary, orkin, had 50, 47and 47domestic franchises as of december
31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. transactions with orkin's domestic franchises involve sales of customer contracts to establish new orkin franchises, initial franchise fees and royalties. the customer contracts and initial orkin franchise fees are typically sold for a combination of cash and notes due over periods ranging up to fiveyears. notes receivable from orkin franchises were $ 6.7million at december 31, 2019 and $ 6.5million at december 31, 2018. the company amortizes the initial domestic franchise fees over the initial franchise term.
these notes receivable are included as financing receivables and the deferred franchise fees are included in other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position. the company's maximum exposure to loss (notes receivable from franchises less deferred franchise fees) relating to orkin's domestic franchises was $ 5.0million, $ 4.9million, and $ 2.5million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
as of december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, orkin had 97, 86, and 81international franchises, respectively. orkin's international franchise program began with its first international franchise in 2000 and since has expanded to mexico, central and south america, the caribbean, the middle east, asia, europe, and africa.
rollins' wholly-owned subsidiary, critter control, had 84, 80and 89franchises in the united states and canada as of december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. transactions with critter control franchises involve sales of territories to establish new franchises, initial franchise fees and royalties. the territories and initial franchise fees are typically sold for a combination of cash and notes. notes receivable from critter control franchises were $ 0.9million and $ 0.6million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. these notes are not guaranteed. the company anticipates that should there be any losses from franchisees, these losses would be recouped by terminating the franchisee and re-selling the territory. these amounts are included as financing receivables in the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position.
31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. total franchising revenues were less than 1.0% of the company's annual revenues.
right to access intellectual property (franchise)- the right to access orkin's and critter control's intellectual property is an essential part of orkin and critter control franchising agreements, respectively. these agreements provide the franchisee a license to use the brand name and trademark when advertising and selling services to end customers in their normal course of business. orkin and critter control franchise agreements contain a clause allowing the respective franchisor to purchase certain assets of the franchisee at the conclusion of their franchise agreement or upon termination. this is only an option for the franchisor to re-purchase the assets selected by the franchisor and is not a performance obligation or a form of consideration.
recent accounting guidance recently adopted accounting standards the company adopted asu 2016-02, leases (asc 842), on january 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective approach and did not restate comparative periods as permitted by asu 2018-11, leases (topic 842): targeted improvements. we have elected the transition package of practical expedients, which permitted us not to reassess our prior conclusions regarding lease identification, lease classification and initial direct cost. the new standard also provides practical expedients for an entity's ongoing accounting. we elected the short-term lease recognition exemption.
accordingly, the company does not recognize right of use assets or lease liabilities, for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition. upon adoption, the company recognized operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities of $195.7 million and $195.5 million, and a $0.2 million adjustment to beginning retained earnings.
the company adopted asu 2018-02, "income statement-reporting comprehensive income (asc 220): reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income", which allows a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tax reform act"). the company adopted asu 2018-02 effective january 1, 2019 and elected not to recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment.
in august 2017, the fasb issued asu 2017-12, derivatives and hedging (asc 815), which provides new guidance intended to improve the financial reporting of hedging relationships to better portray the economic results of an entity's risk management activities in its financial statements. this asu was adopted by the company in 2019. the adoption of this asu did not have an impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
recently issued accounting standards to be adopted in 2020 or later in june of 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-13, "financial instruments - credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments." the updated accounting guidance requires the company to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable supportable forecasts. this replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets, including trade receivables. based on our current receivables and forecasts of future macroeconomic conditions, we estimate that the allowance for credit losses reported in our consolidated balance sheet will decrease by an immaterial amount at adoption. we will record the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings.
in january 2017, the fasb issued asu no. 2017-04, intangibles-goodwill and other (topic 350): simplifying the test for goodwill impairment, which eliminates the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill (i.e., step 2 of the current goodwill impairment test) to measure a goodwill impairment charge. instead, entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit's carrying amount over its fair value (i.e., measure the charge based on the current step 1). the standard in this update is effective for the company's financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning in 2020. early adoption is permitted for annual and interim goodwill impairment testing dates after january 1, 2017. the adoption of this asu is not expected to have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
in august 2018, the fasb issued asu no. 2018-13, fair value measurement (asc 820): disclosure framework-changes to the disclosure requirements for fair value measurement. the updated accounting guidance modifies the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements by removing certain disclosure requirements related to the fair value hierarchy, modifying existing disclosure requirements related to measurement uncertainty and adding new disclosure requirements. the standard in this update is effective for the company's financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning in 2020. the adoption of this asu is not expected to have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
2. acquisitions the company has made 30 and 38 acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2019, and 2018, respectively, some of which have been disclosed on various press releases and related current reports on form 8-k.
acquisition of clark pest control:
the company completed the acquisition of clark pest control on april 30, 2019. clark pest control is a leading pest management company in california and was the nation's 8th largest pest management company according to pct 100
rankings at the time of the acquisition, making it the largest rollins acquisition since the company acquired hometeam pest defense in 2008. clark pest control services its customers from 26 service locations in 2 states.
clark pest control recorded revenues of approximately $139.2 million for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018.
the company's consolidated statements of income include the results of operations of clark pest control for the period beginning april 30, 2019 through december 31, 2019.
the company engaged an independent valuation firm to determine the allocation of the purchase price to goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. the valuation resulted in the allocation of $191.9 million to goodwill, $112.7
million to customer contracts, and $49.8 million to other intangible assets, principally tradenames. the finite-
lived intangible assets, principally customer contracts, are being amortized over periods principally ranging from
the fair values of clark pest control's assets and liabilities, at the date of acquisition, were as follows:
customer contracts                                 112,700
the unaudited pro forma financial information presented below gives effect to the clark pest control acquisition as if it had occurred as of the beginning of our fiscal year 2018. the information presented below is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of results that would have been achieved if the acquisition had actually occurred as of the beginning of such years or results which may be achieved in the future.
customer services                           $        2,060,280    $  1,960,741
total cash purchase price for the company's acquisitions in 2019 and 2018 were $430.6 million and $76.8 million, respectively. the fair values of major classes of assets acquired and liabilities assumed along with the contingent consideration liability recorded during the valuation period of acquisition is included in the reconciliation of the total considerationas follows (in thousands):
customer contracts                             136,344           62,228
3. revenue adoption of asc 606, "revenue from contracts with customers". on january 1, 2018, the company adopted asc 606 using the modified retrospective method applied to those contracts which were not completed as of january 1, 2018.
results for reporting periods beginning after january 1, 2018 are presented under asc 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with our historic accounting under asc 605.
there was no material impact on the company's financial statements as a result of adopting asc 606 for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018.
sales and usage-based taxes are excluded from revenues. no sales to an individual customer or in a country other than the united states accounted for more than 10% of the sales for the periods listed on the following table.
revenue, classifiedby the major geographic areas in which our customers are located, was as follows:
revenue from external customers, classified by significant product and service offerings, was as follows:
deferred revenue recognized for the year ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $ 165.0million and $ 156.6million, respectively. changes in unearned revenuewere as follows:
balance at beginning of year       $   127,075       $   117,614
deferral of unearned revenue           174,404           166,053
recognition of unearned revenue       (164,972  )       (156,592  )
balance at end of year             $   136,507       $   127,075
revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized ("contracted not recognized revenue"), which includes both unearned revenue and revenue that will be billed and recognized in future periods. the company has no material contracted not recognized revenue as of december 31, 2019 or december 31, 2018.
at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, the company had long-term unearned revenue of $ 13.7million and $
11.1million, respectively. unearned short-term revenue is recognized over the next 12-month period. the majority of unearned long-term revenue is recognized over a period of five years or less with immaterial amounts recognized through 2025.
4. debt the company entered into a new credit agreement with suntrust bank and bank of america, n.a. for an unsecured revolving commitment of up to $ 175.0million, which includes a $ 75.0million letter of credit subfacility and a $
25.0million swingline subfacility and an unsecured variable rate $ 250.0million term loan with suntrust bank and bank of america, n.a. both the revolving commitment and the term loan have five-year durations commencing on april
29, 2019. in addition, the agreement has provisions to extend the duration beyond the revolving commitment termination date as well as optional prepayments rights at any time and from time to time to prepay any borrowing, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. as of december 31, 2019, the revolving commitment had outstanding borrowings of $ 101.5million and the term loan had outstanding borrowings of $ 190.0million. as of december 31,
2018, there were no outstanding borrowings. the $ 291.5million outstanding borrowings value approximated the fair value at december 31, 2019 based upon interest rates available to the company as evidenced by debt of other companies with similar credit characteristics. our effective interest rate on the debt outstanding as of december
31, 2019 was 2.66%. the effective interest rate is comprised of the 1-month libor plus a margin of 87.5 basis points as determined by our leverage ratio calculation.
the aggregate annual maturities of long-term debtwere as follows:
the company maintains approximately $ 32.9million in letters of credit. these letters of credit are required by the company's fronting insurance companies and/or certain states, due to the company's self-insured status, to secure various workers' compensation and casualty insurance contracts coverage. the company believes that it has adequate liquid assets, funding sources and insurance accruals to accommodate such claims.
in order to comply with applicable debt covenants, the company is required to maintain at all times a leverage ratio of not greater than 3.00:1.00. the leverage ratio is calculated as of the last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended.the company remained in compliance with applicable debt covenants at december 31, 2019 and expects to maintain compliance throughout 2020.
5. trade receivables the allowance for doubtful accounts is principally calculated based on the application of estimated loss percentages to delinquency aging totals, based on contractual terms, for the various categories of receivables. bad debt write-offs occur according to company policies that are specific to pest control, commercial and termite accounts.
6. financing receivables rollins manages its financing receivables on an aggregate basis when assessing and monitoring credit risks. the company's credit risk is generally low with a large number of entities comprising rollins' customer base and dispersion across many different geographical regions. the credit quality of a potential obligor is evaluated at the loan origination based on an assessment of the individual's beacon/credit bureau score. rollins requires a potential obligor to have good credit worthiness with low risk before entering into a contract. depending upon the individual's credit score, the company may accept with 100%financing or require a significant down payment or turndown the contract. delinquencies of accounts are monitored each month. financing receivables include installment receivable amounts which are due subsequent to one year from the balance sheet dates.
schedule of financed receivables including installment receivable amounts which are due subsequent to one year at december 31,                                 2019            2018
total financing receivables, net were $53.1 million and $46.7 million at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively. financing receivables are generally charged-off when deemed uncollectable or when 180days have elapsed since the date of the last full contractual payment. the company's charge-off policy has been consistently applied during the periods reported. management considers the charge-off policy when evaluating the appropriateness of the allowance for doubtful accounts. gross charge-offs as a percentage of average financing receivables were
5.0% and 3.8% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively. due to the low percentage of charge-off receivables and the high credit worthiness of the potential obligor, the entire rollins, inc. financing receivables portfolio has a low credit risk.
the company offers 90days same-as-cash financing to some customers based on their credit worthiness. interest is not recognized until the 91st day at which time it is recognized retrospectively back to the first day if the contract has not been paid in full. in certain circumstances, such as when delinquency is deemed to be of an administrative nature, accounts may still accrue interest when they reach 180days past due. as of december 31,
included in financing receivables are notes receivable from franchise owners. the majority of these notes are low risk as the repurchase of these franchises is guaranteed by the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, orkin systems, llc, and the repurchase price of the franchise is currently estimated and has historically been well above the receivable due from the franchise owner. also included in notes receivables are franchise notes from other brands which are not guaranteed and do not have the same historical valuation.
the carrying amount of notes receivable approximates fair value as the interest rates approximate market rates for these types of contracts. long-term installment receivables, net were $30.8 million and $28.2 million at december
rollins establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts to ensure financing receivables are not overstated due to uncollectability. the allowance balance is comprised of a general reserve, which is determined based on a percentage of the financing receivables balance, and a specific reserve, which is established for certain accounts with identified exposures, such as customer default, bankruptcy or other events, that make it unlikely that rollins will recover its investment. the general reserve percentages are based on several factors, which include consideration of historical credit losses and portfolio delinquencies, trends in overall weighted-average risk rating of the portfolio and information derived from competitive benchmarking.
balance, beginning of period     $   3,381       $   2,892
deductions, net of recoveries       (2,601  )       (1,672  )
balance, end of period           $   2,959       $   3,381
the following is a summary of the past due financing receivables:
the following is a summary of percentage of gross financing receivables:
operating equipment                   120,826           103,429
computer equipment and systems        193,795           177,441
included in equipment and property, net at december 31, 2019 and 2018, are fixed assets held in foreign countries of $ 7.7million, and $ 7.6million, respectively.
8. fair value measurement the company's financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade and notes receivables, accounts payable, and other short-term liabilities. the carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximate their fair values. the company has financial instruments related to its defined benefit pension plan and deferred compensation plan detailed in note 16.
the fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value.
level 1 refers to fair values determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. level 2
at december 31, 2019 and 2018 respectively, the company had $49.1 million and $30.9 million of acquisition holdback and earnout liabilities with the former owners of acquired companies. the earnout liabilities were discounted to reflect the expected probability of payout, and both earnout and holdback liabilities were discounted to their net present value on the company's books and are considered level 3 liabilities.
the table below presents a summary of the changes in fair value for these liabilities.
charge offset, forfeit and other             (935  )
charge offset, forfeit and other           (1,776  )
9. goodwill goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets of businesses acquired. the carrying amount of goodwill was $572.8 million at december 31, 2019 and $368.5 million as of december 31, 2018.
goodwill increased for the year ended december 31, 2019 due to acquisitions and currency conversion of foreign goodwill. the carrying amount of goodwill in foreign countries was $ 55.8million as of december 31, 2019 and $
54.9million as of december 31, 2018.
the changes in the carrying amount of goodwillfor the twelve months ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
goodwill adjustments due to currency        (3,638  )
goodwill adjustments due to currency           204
10. customer contracts, tradenames and trademarks, and other intangible assets customer contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of the agreements, as straight-line best approximates the ratio that current revenues bear to the total of current and anticipated revenues, based on the estimated lives of the assets. in accordance with the fasb asc topic 350 "intangibles - goodwill and other", the expected lives of customer contracts were reviewed, and it was determined that customer contracts should be amortized over a life of 7to 20years dependent upon customer type.
the carrying amount and accumulated amortization for customer contractswere as follows:
customer contracts                $   470,781       $   339,864
customer contracts, net           $   273,720       $   178,075
the carrying amount of customer contracts in foreign countries was $ 33.5million as of december 31, 2019 and $
37.1million as of december 31, 2018.
trademarks and tradenames are amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of its useful life. the company has determined the assets have useful lives between 7and 20years with non-amortizable, indefinite lived tradenames of $94.5 million and $40.5 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the carrying amount of trademarks and tradenames in foreign countries was $ 3.4million as of december 31, 2019 and
$ 3.7million as of december 31, 2018.
the carrying amount of other intangible assets in foreign countries was $ 1.2million as of december 31, 2019 and $
1.6million as of december 31, 2018.
included in the table above are non-amortizable, indefinite lived internet domain names of $2.2 million at december
estimated amortization expense for the existing carrying amount of customer contracts and other intangible assetsfor each of the five succeeding fiscal years are as follows:
11. derivative instruments and hedging activities risk management objective of using derivatives the company is exposed to certain interest rate risks on our outstanding debt and foreign currency risks arising from our international business operations and global economic conditions. the company enters into certain derivative financial instruments to lock in certain interest rates, as well as to protect the value or fix the amount of certain obligations in terms of its functional currency, the u.s. dollar.
cash flow hedges of interest rate risk the company uses interest rate swap arrangements to manage or hedge its interest rate risk. notwithstanding the terms of the swaps, the company is ultimately obligated for all amounts due and payable under the revolving commitment and the term loan ("credit facility"). the company does not use such instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
on june 19, 2019, the company entered into a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap for an aggregate notional amount of $80.0 million in order to hedge a portion of the company's floating rate indebtedness under the credit facility.
the company designated the swap as a cash flow hedge. the swap requires us to pay a fixed rate of 1.94% per annum on the notional amount. the cash flows from the swap began june 30, 2019 and ends on december 31, 2021. as of december 31, 2019, $0.3 million had been recorded as an accumulated loss in other comprehensive income ("aoci").
realized gains and losses in connection with each required interest payment are reclassified from aoci to interest expense during the period of the cash flows. during 2019, $0.1 million was recorded as interest income to offset the floating rate interest expense on our credit facility. on a quarterly basis, management evaluates any swap agreement to determine its effectiveness or ineffectiveness and records the change in fair value as an adjustment to aoci. management intends that the swap remains effective. no swaps existed at december 31, 2018.
hedges of foreign exchange risk the company is exposed to fluctuations in various foreign currencies against its functional currency, the us dollar. we use foreign currency derivatives, specifically vanilla foreign currency forward contracts ("fx forwards"), to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the usd-cad and aud-usd exchange rates. fx forwards involve fixing the foreign currency exchange rate for delivery of a specified amount of foreign currency on a specified date. the fx forwards are typically settled in us dollars for their fair value at or close to their settlement date. we do not currently designate any of these fx forwards under hedge accounting, but rather reflect the changes in fair value immediately in earnings. we do not use such instruments for speculative or trading purposes, but rather use them to manage our exposure to foreign exchange rates. changes in the fair value of fx forwards recorded in other income/expense and were equal to a net loss of $0.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019
and a net gain of $0.5 million in 2018. the fair value of the company's fx forwards was recorded in other current liabilities as a net obligation of $0.2 million at december 31, 2019 and in other assets of $0.1 million at december 31, 2018.
as of december 31, 2019, the company had the following outstanding fx forwards(in thousands except for number of instruments):
(in thousands except for number of instruments)         number of           sell            buy fx forward contracts                                  instruments       notional       notional
the financial statement impact related to these derivative instruments was insignificant for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017.
12. income taxes the company's income tax provisionconsisted of the following:
the primary factors causing income tax expense to be different than the federal statutory ratefor 2019, 2018 and
state income tax expense (net of federal        10,182          12,984            9,979
benefit)
foreign tax expense/(benefit)                      933           1,186           (1,613  )
repatriation tax under tcja                       (844  )        1,233            7,956
restricted stock adjustment                     (2,973  )       (4,420  )        (4,064  )
other includes the release of deferred tax liabilities, tax credits, valuation allowance, and other immaterial adjustments.
on december 22, 2017 the tax cuts and jobs act (tcja) was signed into law. the tcja reduced the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% and made numerous other tax law changes. in 2017, the sec issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118
which permitted the recording of provisional amounts related to the impact of the tcja during a measurement period not to exceed one year. a provisional amount based on reasonable estimates was made with respect to the tax implications associated with the deemed repatriated earnings on foreign subsidiaries based on the initial analysis of the tcja. certain tax effects of the tcja were recognized in the year ended december 31, 2017, resulting in the recording of $ 11.6million of additional tax expense. the additional tax of $11.6 million related to the following components: $ 8.0million related to the imposition of a tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries due to implementation of a territorial tax system, $ 2.9million related to re-measurement of deferred tax assets to the 21% tax rate, and $ 0.7million related to reductions in tax benefits on stock compensation. during 2018, the company completed the analysis of earnings and profits of foreign investments. this resulted in the recognition at year ended december 31, 2018 of an additional $1.2 million related to the imposition of a tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the company has elected to include the global intangible low-taxed income (gilti)
as part of tax expense in the year incurred.
the provision for income taxes resulted in an effective tax rate of 22.1% on income before income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2019. the effective rate differs from the annual federal statutory rate primarily because of state and foreign income taxes and beneficial adjustments related to the pension settlement.
for 2018 the effective tax rate was 25.4%. the effective rate differs from the annual federal statutory rate primarily because of state and foreign income taxes, tax benefits associated with restricted stock and adjustments due to the tcja.
for 2017 the effective tax rate was 39.2%. the effective income tax rate differs from the annual federal statutory tax rate primarily because of state and foreign income taxes, adjustments due to the tcja partially offset by tax benefits associated with restricted stock, and the increase of available foreign tax credits.
during 2019, 2018 and 2017, the company paid income taxes of $75.8 million, $77.3 million and $90.7 million, respectively, net of refunds.
deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of the temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and income tax purposes. significant components of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilitiesat december 31, 2019 and 2018 are as follows:
compensation and benefits               11,983           11,238
state and foreign operating loss         3,939            5,346
analysis of the valuation allowance:
valuation allowance at beginning of year    $    76    $    24
valuation allowance at end of year          $    83    $    76
as of december 31, 2019, the company has net operating loss carryforwards for foreign and state income tax purposes of approximately $ 85.3million, which will be available to offset future taxable income. if not used, these carryforwards will expire between 2020 and 2032. management believes that it is unlikely to be able to utilize approximately $ 0.4million of foreign net operating losses before they expire and has included a valuation allowance for the effect of these unrealizable operating loss carryforwards. the valuation allowance increased by $
0.04million due to foreign net operating losses.
earnings from continuing operations before income tax included foreign income of $ 26.7million in 2019, $
22.7million in 2018 and $ 22.1million in 2017. the company's international business is expanding, and we intend to continue to grow the business in foreign markets in the future through reinvestment of foreign deposits and future earnings as well as acquisition of unrelated companies. repatriation of cash from the company's foreign subsidiaries is not part of the company's current business plan.
the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits at december 31, 2019 that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate is $0.8 million.
a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefitsis as follows:
unrecognized tax benefits at beginning      $   2,554       $  3,148
of year additions for tax positions of prior              844              -
years reductions for tax positions of prior          (2,554  )        (594  )
years unrecognized tax benefits at end of year    $     844       $  2,554
the company and its subsidiaries are subject to u.s. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. in addition, the company has subsidiaries in various state and international jurisdictions that are currently under audit for years ranging from 2012 through 2018. with few exceptions, we are no longer subject to u.s. federal, state and local, or non-u.s., income tax examinations for years prior to 2012.
it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will decrease in the next 12 months.
accrued interest and penalties were $ 0.03million and $ 1.0million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
during 2019 the company recognized interest and penalties of $ 0.1million.
13. accrual for termite contracts in accordance with the fasb asc topic 450 "contingencies,"the company maintains an accrual for termite claims representing the estimated costs of reapplications, repairs and associated labor and chemicals, settlements, awards and other costs relative to termite control services. factors that may impact future cost include termiticide life expectancy and government regulation.
a reconciliation of changes in the accrual for termite contractsis as follows:
of year current year provision                         3,014           2,392
accrual for termite claims at end of       $   3,139       $   3,219
year the accrual for termite contracts is included in other current liabilities, $2.3 million and $2.2 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively and long-term accrued liabilities, $0.8 million and $1.0 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively on the company's consolidated statements of financial position.
14. leases the company leases certain buildings, vehicles, and equipment in order to reduce the risk associated with ownership. the company elected the practical expedient approach permitted under asc 842 not to include short-term leases with a duration of 12 months or less on the balance sheet. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, all leases were classified as operating leases. building leases generally carry terms of 5 to 10 years with annual rent escalations at fixed amounts per the lease. vehicle leases generally carry a fixed term of one year with renewal options to extend the lease on a monthly basis resulting in lease terms up to 5 years depending on the class of vehicle. the exercise of renewal options is at the company's sole discretion. it is reasonably certain that the company will exercise the renewal options on its vehicle leases. the measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities for vehicle leases includes the fixed payments associated with such renewal periods. we separate lease and non-lease components of contracts. our lease agreements do not contain any material variable payments, residual value guarantees, early termination penalties or restrictive covenants. as of december 31, 2019, the company had no additional future obligations for leases that had not yet commenced.
the company uses the rate implicit in the lease when available; however, most of our leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate. accordingly, we estimate our incremental borrowing rate based on information available at lease commencement.
(dollars in thousands)                                   financial statement                  december 31, lease classification                                     classification                               2019
cost short-term lease cost                                    of services provided, sales,      $           351
general, and administrative expenses cost operating lease cost                                     of services provided, sales,               77,412
other information:
weighted-average remaining                                                    3.90  yrs lease term - operating leases weighted-average discount                                                     3.94  %
rate - operating leases cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
operating cash flows for                                           $        76,404
operating leases operating lease right-of-use                                       $       200,727
assets, net operating lease                                                    $        66,117
liabilities-current operating lease liabilities,                                       $       135,651
less current portion lease commitments future minimum lease payments, including assumed exercise of renewal options at december 31, 2019 were as follows:
operating
total future minimum lease payments                 219,381
total future minimum lease payments, net of    $    201,768
15. commitments and contingencies in the normal course of business, certain of the company's subsidiaries are defendants in a number of lawsuits, claims or arbitrations which allege that the subsidiaries' services caused damage. in addition, the company defends employment related cases and claims from time to time, which may include claims on a representative or class action basis alleging wage and hour law violations. we are involved in certain environmental matters primarily arising in the normal course of business. we are actively contesting each of these matters.
management does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate will have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, results of operations or liquidity; however, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual quarter or year.
16. employee benefit plans defined benefit pension plans rollins, inc. retirement income plan the company maintained several noncontributory tax-qualified defined benefit pension plans (the "plans") covering employees meeting certain age and service requirements. the plans provide benefits based on the average compensation for the highest five years during the last ten years of credited service (as defined) in which compensation was received, and the average anticipated social security covered earnings. the company funds the plans with at least the minimum amount required by erisa. the company made a contribution of $0.1 million to the plans for the year ended december 31, 2019 and no contribution for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017.
in 2005, the company ceased all future benefit accruals under the rollins, inc. retirement income plan, although the company remains obligated to provide employees benefits earned through june 2005. in september 2019, the company settled its fully-funded pension plan through a combination of lump sum payments to participants, payments to the pension benefit guaranty corporation, and the purchase of a group annuity contract. with the completed funding of the plan payout settlements, the company had approximately $31.8 million of pension assets remaining.
the remaining assets were the result of the funded status of the plan, higher take rate of lump sum payment election by participants and optimal pricing of the group annuity contract. the company has evaluated the erisa allowable opportunities for utilization of the excess pension assets including funding other employee benefits. the company used $11.0 million of the $31.8 million to fund its 401(k) match obligation during the year ended december
31, 2019, and plans to continue funding future benefit plan obligations with a possible reversion of any remaining pension assets to the company per erisa regulations. the company recognized a $49.9 million non-cash pension settlement expense from this transition, which is the accounting treatment of the accumulated sum of unrealized losses due to change in actuarial assumptions over the life of the plan. net of tax, the expense was $26.6 million.
as of december 31, 2019, the company had approximately $21.6 million remaining of benefit plan assets.
the company includes the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan in the company's financial statements.
the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan was amended, effective september 1, 2018, to freeze future benefit accruals for all participants. the company accounts for these defined benefit plans in accordance with the fasb asc topic 715 "compensation- retirement benefits," and engages an outside actuary to calculate its obligations and costs. with the assistance of the actuary, the company evaluates the significant assumptions used on a periodic basis including the estimated future return on plan assets, the discount rate, and other factors, and makes adjustments to these liabilities as necessary.
the company currently uses december 31 as the measurement date for its defined benefit post-retirement plans. the funded status of the plans and the net amount recognized in the statement of financial positionare summarized as follows as of:
change in accumulated benefit obligation accumulated benefit obligation at           $   208,425       $  202,310
beginning of year service cost                                          -               37
benefits paid                                    (8,000  )       (13,023  )
accumulated benefit obligation at end of          2,818          208,425
year change in plan assets fair value of assets at beginning of            213,699          219,905
benefits paid                                    (8,000  )       (13,023  )
fair value of plan assets at end of year         23,603          213,699
amounts recognized in the statement of financial position consist of:
benefit plan assets                                                      $  21,565    $      -
amounts recognized in the accumulated other comprehensive income consist of:
the accumulated benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans were $2.8 million and $208.4 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation are materially the same for the plans. in 2019 and 2017, pension liability pre-tax decreases of $ 75.4million and $
19.0million, respectively, were credited, net of tax, to other comprehensive income. in 2018, the pre-tax increase of $ 14.8million in the pension liability was charged, net of tax against other comprehensive income.
the following weighted-average assumptions were used to determine the accumulated benefit obligation and net benefit cost:
accumulated benefit obligation discount rate                     3.65  %    4.00  %*    4.00  %
rate of compensation increase      n/a        n/a         n/a net benefit cost discount rate                     4.70  %    4.05  %     4.45  %
rate of compensation increase      n/a        n/a         n/a in 2018, the company used a termination liability approach in calculating the 2018 discount rate for the rollins, inc. pension plan. the following assumptions were used 1) 3.90%, based on current market conditions, for participants in pay status expected to elect a plan termination annuity;
*  2) 4.11%, based on current market conditions, for active and terminated participants with deferred benefits expected to elect a plan termination annuity; 3) the irc 417(e) interest rates for the month of november 2018 (3.43%, 4.46%, and 4.88%), based on plan provisions, for all lump sum eligible expected to elect a plan termination lump sum. the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan applied 4.05% discount rate based on yield curve analysis.
the return on plan assets reflects the weighted-average of the expected long-term rates of return for the broad categories of investments held in the plan. the expected long-term rate of return is adjusted when there are fundamental changes in the expected returns on the plan investments.
the discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year. in estimating this rate, the company utilized a yield curve analysis for the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan for fiscal year's 2019, 2018 and 2017. for the rollins, inc. defined benefit plan, the company utilized a termination liability approach for fiscal year 2018 and settled the plan in 2019.
the components of net periodic benefit costare summarized as follows:
service cost                          $       -       $       37       $       58
amortization of net loss                  2,396            3,292            3,322
preliminary net periodic benefit          1,052           (2,520  )        (1,495  )
net periodic benefit cost/(income)       47,471           (2,520  )        (1,442  )
the benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive incomefor the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and
amortization of net loss                      (2,396   )       (3,292  )       (3,322   )
income at december 31, 2019 and 2018, the plan's assets were comprised of listed common stocks and u.s. government and corporate securities, real estate and other. included in the assets of the plan were shares of rollins, inc. common stock with a market value $ 1.6million at december 31, 2018. no shares of rollins, inc. common stock were held by the plan at december 31, 2019.
the plans' weighted average asset allocationat december 31, 2019 and 2018 by asset category, along with the target allocation for 2018, are as follows:
target                   percentage of plan assets allocations for                   as of december 31, asset                                                2020             2019                              2018
for each of the asset categories in the pension plan, the investment strategy is identical - maximize the long-term rate of return on plan assets with an acceptable level of risk in order to minimize the cost of providing pension benefits. the investment policy establishes a target allocation for each asset class which is rebalanced as required. the plans utilize a number of investment approaches, including individual market securities, equity and fixed income funds in which the underlying securities are marketable, and debt funds to achieve this target allocation. the company and management are not considering making contributions to the remaining pension plan during fiscal 2020.
some of our assets, primarily our private equity ,real estate, and hedge funds, do not have readily determinable market values given the specific investment structures involved and the nature of the underlying investments. for the december 31, 2018 plan asset reporting, publicly traded asset pricing was used where possible. for assets without readily determinable values, estimates were derived from investment manager statements combined with discussions focusing on underlying fundamentals and significant events.additionally, these investments are categorized as nav investments and are valued using significant non-observable inputs which do not have a readily determinable fair value. in accordance with asu no. 2011-12 "investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent)," these investments are valued based on the net asset value per share calculated by the funds in which the plan has invested. these valuations are subject to judgments and assumptions of the funds which may prove to be incorrect, resulting in risks of incorrect valuation of these investments. the company seeks to mitigate against these risks by evaluating the appropriateness of the funds' judgments and assumptions by reviewing the financial data included in the funds' financial statements for reasonableness .
fair value measurements given the funded status of the rollins, inc. plan, the company has modified the overall investment strategy to mitigate risk related to volatility with asset types by transitioning to a higher percentage of fixed income securities. as such, the company's overall investment strategy is to achieve a mix of approximately 50 percent of investments to match long-term pension obligations and 50 percent for near term benefits payments, with a diversification of assets types, fund strategies and fund managers. with the modification of investment strategy, the company has transitioned the majority of its assets to fixed-income securities. fixed-income securities include corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, sovereign bonds, and u.s. treasuries. equity securities primarily include investments in large-cap and small-cap companies domiciled domestically and internationally. other types of investments include real estate funds and private equity funds that follow several different investment strategies.
for each of the asset categories in the pension plan, the investment strategy is identical - maximize the long-term rate of return on plan assets with an acceptable level of risk in order to minimize the cost of providing pension benefits. the investment policy establishes a target allocation for each asset class which is rebalanced as required. the plans utilize a number of investment approaches, including but not limited to individual market securities, equity and fixed income funds in which the underlying securities are marketable, and debt funds to achieve this target allocation.
the following table presents our plan assets using the fair value hierarchyas of december 31, 2019. the fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. see note 8 for a brief description of the three levels under the fair value hierarchy.
the following table presents our plan assets using the fair value hierarchy as of december 31, 2018. the fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value.
combined rollins and waltham defined benefit plans
(1)  and cash equivalents, which are used to pay benefits and plan administrative expenses, are held in rule 2a-7 money market funds.
(2)  income securities are primarily valued using a market approach with inputs that include broker quotes, benchmark yields, base spreads and reported trades.
(3)  equity securities are valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices of identical instruments in their respective markets.
(4)  estate fund values are primarily reported by the fund manager and are based on valuation of the underlying investments, which include inputs such as cost, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data.
alternative/opportunistic/special funds can invest across the capital structure in both liquid and illiquid securities
(5)  that are valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices of identical instruments, or if no market price is available, instruments will be held at their fair market value (which may be cost) as reasonably determined by the investment manager, independent dealers, or pricing services.
there were no purchases, sales or transfers of assets classified as level 3 in 2019 or 2018.
the estimated future benefit paymentsover the next five years are as follows:
defined contribution 401(k) savings plan the company sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) savings plan that is available to a majority of the company's full-time employees the first day of the calendar quarter following completion of three monthsof service. the plan is available to non-full-time employees the first day of the calendar quarter following one yearof service upon completion of 1,000 hoursin that year. the plan changed for 2018 and beyond to provide for a matching contribution of one dollar ($1.00) for each one dollar ($1.00) of a participant's contributions to the plan that do not exceed 3
percent of his or her eligible compensation (which include commissions, overtime, and bonuses) and fiftycents
($0.50) for each onedollar ($1.00) of a participant's contributions to the plan over the initial 3 percent that do not exceed 6 percent of his or her eligible compensation (which includes commissions, overtime and bonuses), up from a matching contribution of fifty cents ($0.50) for each one dollar ($1.00) of a participant's contributions to the plan that do not exceed 6percent of his or her eligible compensation (which include commissions, overtime and bonuses) in 2017. the charge to expense for the company match was approximately $ 25.5million and $ 21.1million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively and $ 11.0million for the year ended december 31, 2017. at december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 approximately, 30.8%, 41.7%, and 38.8%, respectively of the plan assets consisted of rollins, inc. common stock. total administrative fees paid by the company for the plan were less than $
0.1million for each of the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
nonqualified deferred compensation plan the deferred compensation plan provides that participants may defer up to 50%of their base salary and up to 85%of their annual bonus with respect to any given plan year, subject to a $ 2thousand per plan year minimum. the company may make discretionary contributions to participant accounts but has not done so since 2011.
accounts will be credited with hypothetical earnings, and/or debited with hypothetical losses, based on the performance of certain "measurement funds." account values are calculated as if the funds from deferrals and company credits had been converted into shares or other ownership units of selected measurement funds by purchasing
(or selling, where relevant) such shares or units at the current purchase price of the relevant measurement fund at the time of the participant's selection. deferred compensation plan benefits are unsecured general obligations of the company to the participants, and these obligations rank in parity with the company's other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. the company has established a "rabbi trust," which it uses to voluntarily set aside amounts to indirectly fund any obligations under the deferred compensation plan. to the extent that the company's obligations under the deferred compensation plan exceed assets available under the trust, the company would be required to seek additional funding sources to fund its liability under the deferred compensation plan.
generally, the deferred compensation plan provides for distributions of any deferred amounts upon the earliest to occur of a participant's death, disability, retirement or other termination of employment (a "termination event").
however, for any deferrals of salary and bonus (but not company contributions), participants would be entitled to designate a distribution date which is prior to a termination event. generally, the deferred compensation plan allows a participant to elect to receive distributions under the deferred compensation plan in installments or lump-sum payments.
at december 31, 2019, the deferred compensation plan had 71life insurance policies with a net face value of $
47.4million. the cash surrender value of these life insurance policies was worth $ 22.0million and $ 18.3million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the following table presents our non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets using the fair value hierarchyas of december 31, 2019 and 2018.
cash and cash equivalents, which are used to pay benefits and deferred compensation plan administrative expenses, are held in money market funds.
total expense related to deferred compensation was $ 250thousand, $ 180thousand, and $ 230thousand in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. the company had $22.2 million and $18.4 million in deferred compensation assets as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, included within other assets on the company's consolidated statements of financial position and $ 21.2million and $ 17.5million in deferred compensation liability as of december 31, 2019
and 2018, respectively, located within other current liabilities and long-term accrued liabilities on the company's consolidated statements of financial position. the amounts of assets were marked to fair value.
17. stock-based compensation stock compensation plans time lapse restricted shares and restricted stock units time lapse restricted shares (tlrss) have been issued to officers and other management employees under the company's employee stock incentive plan. the company recognizes compensation expense for the unvested portion of awards outstanding over the remainder of the service period. the compensation cost recorded for these awards is based on their closing stock price at the grant date less the cost of estimated forfeitures. forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods to reflect actual forfeitures.
tlrss provide for the issuance of a share of the company's common stock at no cost to the holder and generally vest after a certain stipulated number of years from the grant date, depending on the terms of the issue. tlrss vest in
20percent increments starting with the second anniversary of the grant, over six yearsfrom the date of grant.
during these years, grantees receive all dividends declared and retain voting rights for the granted shares. the agreements under which the one-time grant of restricted stock is issued provide that shares awarded may not be sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions established under the plans have lapsed.
in april 2018, the company granted a one-time issuance of tlrss on a tiered company tenure basis to u.s. based employees. the one-time grant vested 100 percent on the first anniversary date of the granted shares. the total shares granted were less than 0.1 million shares. during the year, grantees receive all dividends declared and retain voting rights for the granted shares. the agreements under which the one-time restricted stock is issued provide that shares awarded may not be sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions established under the plans have lapsed.
all share and per share information has been adjusted for the three-for-two stock split effective december 10,
the company issued time lapse restricted shares of 0.5 million, 0.6 million, and 0.7million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.
5.5million shares of the company's common stock were reserved for issuance. in accordance with the fasb asc topic
718, " compensation - stock compensation,"the company recognizes the fair value of the award on a straight-line basis over the service periods of each award. the company estimates restricted share forfeiture rates based on its historical experience.
the following table summarizes the components of the company's stock-based compensation programsrecorded as expense
tax benefit                                (3,597  )       (3,486  )       (4,799  )
restricted stock expense, net of tax    $  10,562       $  10,240       $   7,600
as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, $ 41.3million and $ 39.2million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to time-lapse restricted shares are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 4.0years and 4.1years at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the following table summarizes information on unvested restricted stock units outstandingas of december 31, 2019,
number of             average shares (in          grant-date thousands)          fair value
unvested as of december 31, 2016         3,392       $       13.47
unvested as of december 31, 2017         3,026               16.33
unvested as of december 31, 2018         2,724               21.08
unvested as of december 31, 2019         2,310       $       25.84
accumulated other comprehensive income/ (loss)consist of the following (in thousands):
pension              foreign liability             currency          interest adjustment          translation          rate swaps            total
change during 2017:
change during 2018:
change during 2019:
19. related party transactions the company provides certain administrative services to rpc, inc. ("rpc") (a company of which mr. r. randall rollins is also chairman, and which is otherwise affiliated with the company). the service agreements between rpc and the company provide for the provision of services on a cost reimbursement basis and are terminable on 6months'
notice. the services covered by these agreements include administration of certain employee benefit programs, and other administrative services. charges to rpc (or to corporations which are subsidiaries of rpc) for such services and rent totaled approximately $ 0.1million for each of the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017.
the company rents office, hanger and storage space to lor, inc. ("lor") (a company controlled by r. randall rollins and gary w. rollins). charges to lor (or corporations which are subsidiaries of lor) for rent totaled $ 0.8million for the year ended december 31, 2019 and $ 0.9million and $ 1.0million for the years ended december 31, 2018 and
in 2014, p.i.a. llc, a company owned by the chairman of the board of directors, mr. r. randall rollins, purchased a lear model 35a jet and entered into a lease arrangement with the company for company use of the aircraft for business purposes. the lease is terminable by either party on 30days' notice. the company pays $100 per month rent for the leased aircraft, and pays all variable costs and expenses associated with the leased aircraft, such as the costs for fuel, maintenance, storage and pilots. the company has the priority right to use of the aircraft on business days, and mr. rollins has the right to use the aircraft for personal use through the terms of an aircraft time sharing agreement with the company. during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, the company paid approximately $ 0.9million, $ 0.7million, and $ 0.8million in rent and operating costs for the aircraft respectively. during 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, the company accounted for 100percent of the use of the aircraft. all transactions were approved by the company's nominating and governance committee of the board of directors.
on january 24, 2018, the company pledged a charitable gift of $0.7 million to emory university hospital midtown.
the amount will be paid in equal annual installments over the next five years. dr. lawley recused himself from the board of director's approval of the gift agreement.
on december 1, 2019, orkin, a subsidiary of the company entered into a franchise agreement with wilson pest management, inc. the franchisee is owned 100% by john wilson iv. the company received a total of approximately $0.8
million, which included payment for the franchise and an initial franchise fee of seventy-five thousand dollars in connection with the transaction. the franchise agreement provides for a monthly royalty fee of 9.0% of the franchisee's reported income. john wilson iv is the son of john f. wilson, president and chief operating officer of the company. the company approved the agreement in accordance with its related party transactions policy.
gross profit (revenues less cost of     $  211,811    $  270,624    $  287,748    $  251,701
services provided)
gross profit (revenues less cost of     $  202,599    $  249,689    $  251,452    $  223,389
services provided)
21. cash dividend on january 28, 2020, the board of directors approved a 14.3%increase in the company's quarterly cash dividend per common share to $ 0.12payable march 10, 2020 to stockholders of record at the close of business february 10, 2020.
on october 22, 2019, the board of directors declared its regular $ 0.105per share as well as a special year-end dividend of $ 0.05per share both payable december 10, 2019 to stockholders of record at the close of business november 11, 2019. the company expects to continue to pay cash dividends to the common stockholders, subject to the earnings and financial condition of the company and other relevant factors.
item 9.  changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosures.
item 9a.  controls and procedures evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures-we have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure, among other things, that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the officers who certify the company's financial reports and to other members of senior management and the board of directors.
based on management's evaluation as of december 31, 2019, in which the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the company participated, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the securities exchange act of 1934) are effective, at the reasonable assurance level to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports that it files or submits under the securities exchange act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in sec rules and forms.
management's report on internal control over financial reporting-management's report on internal control over financial reporting is contained on page 23.
changes in internal controls-there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2019 that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect these controls.
item 9b.  other information none.
part iii item 10.  directors, executive officers and corporate governance.
information concerning directors and executive officers is included in the company's proxy statement for its 2019
annual meeting of stockholders (the "proxy statement"), in the section titled "proposal 1: election of directors".
this information is incorporated herein by reference. information about executive officers is contained on page 11
of this document.
audit committee and audit committee financial expert information concerning the audit committee of the company and the audit committee financial expert(s) is included in the company's proxy statement in the section titled "corporate governance and board of directors' committees and meetings - audit committee." this information is incorporated herein by reference.
code of ethics the company has adopted a code of business conduct that applies to all employees. in addition, the company has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for directors and executive officer and related party transactions policy. both of these documents are available on the company's website at www.rollins.com, under the heading
piedmont road, atlanta, georgia 30324. the company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under item 10 of form 10-k 1regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of its code of ethics that relates to any elements of the code of ethics definition enumerated in sec rules by posting such information on its internet website, the address of which is provided above.
section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance information regarding compliance with section 16(a) of the exchange act is included under "compliance with section
16(a) of the exchange act" in the company's proxy statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
the information under the captions "compensation committee interlocks and insider participation," "director compensation," "compensation discussion and analysis," "compensation committee report," and "executive compensation" included in the proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference.
item 12.  security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters.
the information under the captions "capital stock" and "election of directors" included in the proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held april 28, 2020 is incorporated herein by reference.
equity compensation plan information the following table sets forth certain information regarding equity compensation plans as of december 31, 2019.
number of securities number of securities to    weighted average           remaining available for be issued upon exercise    exercise price of            future issuance under of outstanding options,    outstanding options,           equity compensation warrants and rights    warrants and rights               plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)
includes 5,466,484 shares available for grant under the 2018 employee stock incentive plan. the 2018 employee stock incentive plan provides for awards of the company's common stock and awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to the company's
1.  common stock apart from stock options and sars including, without limitation, restricted stock, performance-accelerated restricted stock, performance stock, performance units, and stock awards or options valued by reference to book value or subsidiary performance.
the information under the caption "certain relationships and related party transactions" included in the proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference. information concerning director independence is included in the proxy statement, in the section titled "corporate governance and board of directors' committees and meetings." this information is incorporated herein by reference.
item 14.  principal accounting fees and services.
information regarding principal accounting fees and services is set forth under "independent registered public accounting firm" in the company's proxy statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
part iv item  exhibits and financial statement schedules
(a)  consolidated financial statements, financial statement schedule and exhibits.
1.  financial statements listed in the accompanying index to consolidated financial statements and schedule are filed as part of this report.
2.  financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index to consolidated financial statements and schedule is filed as part of this report.
3.  listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed as part of this report. the following such exhibits are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements:
(10)    of plan agreement pursuant to the rollins, inc. amended and restated deferred compensation plan,
(c)     description of rollins, inc. performance-based incentive cash compensation plan incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10(a) as filed with its form 8-k dated april 25, 2013.
(d)     of award agreements under the 2013 cash incentive plan incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10(a) as filed with its form 10-k dated february 27, 2017.
(10)    stock incentive plan incorporated herein by reference to exhibit a of the march 17, 2008 proxy
(e)     statement for the annual meeting of the stockholders held on april 22, 2008.
(10)    of restricted stock grant agreement incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10(d) as filed with its
(g)     of time-lapse restricted stock agreement incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
(10)    of compensation arrangements with executive officers, incorporated herein reference to exhibit (10)(q)
(10)    of compensation arrangements with non-employee directors, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
(inclusive of item 3 above):
(a) restated certificate of incorporation of rollins, inc. dated july 28, 1981, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit (3)(i)(a) as filed with the registrant's form 10-q filed august 1, 2005.
(b) certificate of amendment of certificate of incorporation of rollins, inc. dated august 20,
(c) certificate of change of location of registered office and of registered agent dated march 22,
(d) certificate of amendment of certificate of incorporation of rollins, inc. dated april 25, 2006, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3(i)(d) filed with the registrant's 10-q filed october
(e) certificate of amendment of certificate of incorporation of rollins, inc. dated april 26, 2011, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
(f) certificate of amendment of certificate of incorporation of rollins, inc. dated april 28, 2015, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
(ii)        revised by-laws of rollins, inc. dated april 25, 2017, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
(4)(a)      form of common stock certificate of rollins, inc. incorporated herein by reference to exhibit (4)
(4)(b)      description of registrant's securities.
(10)        of plan agreement pursuant to the rollins, inc. amended and restated deferred compensation
(10)        description of rollins, inc. performance-based incentive cash compensation plan incorporated herein
(d)         of award agreements under the 2013 cash incentive plan incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10(a) as filed with its form 10-k dated february 27, 2017.
(10)        stock incentive plan incorporated herein by reference to exhibit a of the march 17, 2008 proxy
(e)         statement for the annual meeting of the stockholders held on april 22, 2008.
(10)        of restricted stock grant agreement incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10(d) as filed with
(g)         of time-lapse restricted stock agreement incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
(10)        of compensation arrangements with executive officers, incorporated herein reference to exhibit
(10)        of compensation arrangements with non-employee directors, incorporated herein by reference to
(j)         credit agreement dated as of april 30, 2019 between rollins, suntrust bank and bank of america, n.a.
(10)        purchase agreement by and among rollins, inc., clark pest control of stockton, inc., the
(k)         stockholders of clark pest control of stockton, inc. the principals and the stockholders representative.
(l)         a california limited liability company, and clarksons california properties, california limited partnership.
(m)         estate purchase agreement by and between rci - king, inc., and clarksons california properties, a california limited partnership.
(21)      subsidiaries of registrant.
(23.1)    consent of grant thornton llp, independent registered public accounting firm.
(24)      powers of attorney for directors.
(31.1)    certification of chief executive officer pursuant to item 601(b)(31) of regulation s-k, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002.
(31.2)    certification of chief financial officer pursuant to item 601(b)(31) of regulation s-k, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002.
(32.1)    certification of chief executive officer and chief financial officer pursuant to 18 u.s.c. section
1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
gary w. rollins gary w. rollins vice chairman and chief executive officer
-principal executive officer date:  february 28, 2020
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
gary w. rollins                                paul e. northen gary                                           paul w. rollins                                     e. northen vice                                           senior vice chairman and chief executive officer           president, chief financial officer and treasurer
(principal                                     (principal executive officer)                             financial and accounting officer)
the directors of rollins, inc. (listed below) executed a power of attorney appointing gary w. rollins their attorney-in-fact, empowering him to sign this report on their behalf.
rollins, inc. and subsidiaries index to consolidated financial statements and schedule the following documents are filed as part of this report.
page financial                                                                                                number statements and reports                                                                                     from this form
10-k management's report on internal control over                                                                 23
financial reporting report of independent registered public accounting                                                           24
firm on internal control over financial reporting report of independent registered public accounting firm on the consolidated financial statements and                                                            25
schedule consolidated financial statements consolidated statements of financial position as                                                             27
of december 31, 2019 and 2018
consolidated statements of income for each of the                                                            28
consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings for each of the three years in the period ended                                                              29
consolidated statements of stockholders' equity for each of the three years in the period ended                                                              30
consolidated statements of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31,                                                             31
notes to consolidated financial statements                                                                   32
financial statement schedules schedule ii -                                                                                                71
valuation and qualifying accounts schedules not listed above have been omitted as not applicable, immaterial or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
schedule ii-valuation and qualifying accounts rollins, inc. and subsidiaries balance at beginning of period allowance for doubtful       charged to costs       net (deductions)
accounts           and expenses       recoveries                balance at end of balance at             charged to       net                                  period beginning of              costs and       (deductions)                     balance at
(in thousands)                  period               expenses       recoveries                    end of period
(a) restated certificate of incorporation of rollins, inc. dated july 28, 1981, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
exhibit     (b) certificate number      of amendment of certificate of incorporation of rollins, inc. dated august 20, 1987, incorporated
(c) certificate of change of location of registered office and of registered agent dated march 22, 1994, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit (3)(i)(c) filed with the registrant's form 10-q filed august 1, 2005.
(d) certificate of amendment of certificate of incorporation of rollins, inc. dated april 25, 2006, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
(e) certificate of amendment of certificate of incorporation of rollins, inc. dated april 26, 2011, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
(f) certificate of amendment of certificate of incorporation of rollins, inc. dated april 28, 2015, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
(ii)        of rollins, inc. dated april 25, 2017, incorporated herein by reference to exhibit (3) (i) as filed with its form 10-q filed april 28, 2017.
(4)(a)      of common stock certificate of rollins, inc. incorporated herein by reference to exhibit (4) as filed with its form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1998.
(4)(b)      description of registrant's securities.
(10.1)+     purchase agreement by and among rollins, inc., northwest exterminating co., inc. nw holdings, llc and the stockholders of northwest exterminating co., inc. dated as of july 24, 2017.
form of plan agreement
(10)        of rollins, inc. performance-based incentive cash compensation plan incorporated herein by
forms of award
(10)        agreements under the 2013 cash incentive plan incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10(a) as
(10)        plan incorporated herein by reference to exhibit a of the march 17, 2008 proxy statement for the
(e)         annual meeting of the stockholders held on april 22, 2008.
(10)        form of restricted
form of time-lapse
summary of compensation
(10)        arrangements with executive officers, incorporated herein reference to exhibit (10)(q) as filed
summary of compensation
(10) (j)    credit agreement dated as of april 30, 2019 between rollins, suntrust bank and bank of america, n.a.
(10) (k)    purchase agreement by and among rollins, inc., clark pest control of stockton, inc., the stockholders of clark pest control of stockton, inc. the principals and the stockholders representative.
(10) (l)    purchase agreement among king distribution, inc., a delaware corporation, geotech supply co., llc, a california limited liability company, and clarksons california properties, a california limited partnership.
(10) (m)    estate purchase agreement by and between rci - king, inc., and clarksons california properties, a california limited partnership.
(21)         subsidiaries of registrant.
(23.1)       consent of grant thornton llp, independent registered public accounting firm.
(24)         powers of attorney for directors.
(31.1)       certification of chief executive officer pursuant to item 601(b)(31) of regulation s-k, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002.
(31.2)       certification of chief financial officer pursuant to item 601(b)(31) of regulation s-k, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002.
(32.1)       certification of chief executive officer and chief financial officer pursuant to 18 u.s.c. section
1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002.
+            has been requested for certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks). such information has been omitted and was filed separately with the securities and exchange commission.
item 7.                      management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
presentation this discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this document. discussions of 2017 items and year-to-year comparisons of 2018 and 2017 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 on our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018. the following discussion (as well as other discussions in this document) contains forward-looking statements. please see "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements" for a discussion of uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements.
the company rollins, inc. (the "company"), was originally incorporated in 1948, under the laws of the state of delaware as rollins broadcasting, inc. the company is an international service company with headquarters located in atlanta, georgia, providing pest and termite control services through its wholly-owned subsidiaries to both residential and commercial customers in the united states, canada, australia, europe, and asia with international franchises in mexico, canada, central and south america, the caribbean, the middle east, asia, europe, and africa. services are performed through a contract that specifies the treatment and the pricing arrangement with the customer.
the company has only one reportable segment, its pest and termite control business. the company's results of operations and its financial condition are not reliant upon any single customer or a few customers or the company's foreign operations.
overview results of operations
cost of services provided                       993,593                   894,437                   819,943                 (11.1   )                  (9.1   )
gain on sales of assets, net                       (581   )                  (875   )                  (242   )             (33.6   )                 261.6
general operating comments
2019 marked the company's 22nd consecutive year of improved revenues. revenues for the year rose 10.6 percent to $2.015 billion compared to $1.822 billion for the prior year. income before income taxes decreased 16.0% to $261.2 million compared to $310.7 million the prior year. net income decreased 12.2% to $203.3 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.62 compared to $231.7 million, or $0.71 per diluted share for the prior year.
all of the company's business lines experienced growth for the year, with residential pest control revenues up 11.3%, commercial pest control revenues up 8.9% and termite and ancillary services revenues up 11.6%, each compared to 2018.
results of operations-2019 versus 2018
overview the company's revenues increased to $2.015 billion in 2019, a 10.6% increase compared to 2018. gross margin decreased to 50.7% for 2019 from 50.9% in 2018. service salaries and personnel related expenses for the 401(k) match were impacted by the clark pest control acquisition. sales, general and administrative expense were 30.9% of revenues in 2019 compared to 30.2% in 2018. the company's depreciation and amortization expense increased 21.4% to 4.0% in 2019 compared to 3.7% in 2018. rollins' net income of $203.3 million in 2019 was a decrease of $28.3 million or 12.2% compared to $231.7 million in 2018. net profit margin declined to 10.1% in 2019 from 12.7% in 2018. rollins continued to expand our global brand recognition with acquisitions in the united states and canada as well as expanded our orkin international franchise program in numerous countries around the globe. in our first 50 years, we have grown to over 2.4 million customers who are served in 65 countries, and those countries represent 73.6% of the world's gdp. the company continues to seek new international opportunities.
revenues revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 were $2.015 billion, an increase of $194 million or 10.6% from 2018 revenues of $1.822 billion. growth occurred across all service lines with our canadian and australian companies being hindered by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. growth and pricing accounted for approximately 4.8% of our increase, and our acquisitions contributed the remaining revenue growth. commercial pest control represented approximately 38% of the company's revenue in 2019 and grew 8.9%. acquisitions from foreign companies, which are primarily commercial, contributed to the increase, as well as increases in sales, an emphasis on closing leads, and better cancellation rates. commercial pest control was negatively impacted by foreign currency exchange rates as our foreign companies are heavily commercial. residential pest control, which represented approximately 43% of the company's revenue, increased 11.3% driven largely by the clark pest control acquisition, which is mainly residential. other factors such as increases in leads received, leads sold, a lower cancellation rate, and pricing, as well as increased taexx® homebuilder installations also contributed to the increase in residential pest control revenue. the company's termite business, which represented approximately 18% of the company's revenue, grew 11.6% in 2019 due to acquisitions, increases in termite baiting, and ancillary service sales (such as moisture control, insulation and deck and gutter work).
the company implemented its traditional price increase program in june 2019. around 1% of the company's revenue increase is attributable to pricing actions. approximately 80% of the company's pest control revenue was recurring in 2019, as well as 2018.
the company's foreign operations accounted for approximately 8% of total revenues for each of the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the company established new franchises in several international countries around the globe in 2019 for a total of 97 orkin international franchises, one canadian critter control franchise, and ten australia franchises at december 31, 2019, compared to 86 orkin international franchises, two canadian critter control franchises and ten australia franchises at december 31, 2018. the australia franchises operate under the murray pest control and scientific pest management names.
international and domestic franchising revenue was less than 1% of the company's revenues for 2019. orkin had 147 and 133 franchises (domestic and international) at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the company had 84 critter control franchises at december 31, 2019, up 4 from 2018. revenue from franchising was up 3.2% in 2019 compared to 2018 as the company continued to expand orkin's international footprint and recognition of initial franchise fees.
cost of services provided for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019, cost of services provided increased $99.2 million or 11.1%, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2018. gross margin for the year decreased to 50.7% for 2019 compared to 50.9% for 2018 due to increased participation rates in our enhanced 401(k) match to employees and an increase in group insurance premiums in 2019. integration of acquisitions resulted in slight increases in service salaries percentages.
depreciation and amortization for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019, depreciation and amortization increased $14.3 million, or 21.4% compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2018. the dollar increase was primarily due to depreciation increasing $6.3 million or 20.7% from the depreciation of acquired and purchased assets and depreciation from various it related projects. amortization of intangible assets increased $8.0 million or 22.1% for 2019 due to the additional amortization of customer contracts from several acquisitions over the last year, including a full year of opc services and aardwolf pestkare, acquired in early and mid-2018, respectively, and the 2019 acquisition of clark pest control in april, as well as several smaller foreign and domestic companies.
sales, general and administrative for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019, sales, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses increased $72.7 million, or 13.2% compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2018. sg&a increased to 30.9% of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 30.2% in 2018. the company incurred higher than normal expenses in 2019 related to acquisition preparation and integration as well as expenses related to the pension settlement activities. the enhanced 401(k) match enticed more of the company's workforce to save for their futures. administrative salaries were up due to increased office headcount and wages. medical and casualty insurance expenses were up for the year. the company also had increased use of outside professional services in it projects as well as other projects.
gain on sales of assets, net gain on sales of assets, net decreased to $0.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to $0.9 million in 2018. the company recognized gains from the sale of owned vehicles and owned property in 2019 and 2018.
taxes the company's effective tax rate was 22.1% in 2019 compared to 25.4% in 2018, due primarily to state and foreign income taxes and beneficial adjustments related to the pension settlement.
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash flow cash from operating activities is the principal source of cash generation for our businesses.
the most significant source of cash in rollins' cash flow from operations is customer-related activities, the largest of which is collecting cash resulting from services sales. the most significant operating use of cash is to pay our suppliers, employees, tax authorities and others for a wide range of material and services.
net cash provided by operating activities                 $309,188                         $286,272           $235,370
effect of exchange rate on cash                                    (2,945   )               (14,179   )                13,333
cash provided by operating activities the company's operations generated cash of $309.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily from net income of $203.3 million, compared with cash provided by operating activities of $286.3 million in 2018 and $235.4 million in 2017. the company believes its current cash and cash equivalents balances, future cash flows expected to be generated from operating activities, available borrowings under its $175.0 million revolving credit facility and $250.0 million term loan facility will be sufficient to finance its current operations and obligations, and fund expansion of the business for the foreseeable future.
the company settled its obligations under the rollins, inc. pension plan without making any additional contributions during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 or 2017. the plan was fully funded with a prepaid balance. the plan assets exceeded the plan benefit obligations, and $31.8 million remained after the combination of lump sum payments to participants, the purchase of a group annuity contract, and payments to the pension benefit guaranty corporation. the company has evaluated the erisa allowable opportunities for utilization of the excess pension assets including funding other employee benefits. the company used $11.0 million of the $31.8 million to fund its 401(k) match obligation during the year ended december 31, 2019, and plans to continue funding future benefit plan obligations, with a possible reversion of any remaining pension assets to the company per erisa regulations.
the company has one small remaining pension in one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and made a contribution of $0.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2019. no contributions were made during 2018 or 2017. while the company's management does not expect to make a contribution to its remaining pension plan during fiscal year 2020, additional plan contributions, if any, will not have a material effect on the company's financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
cash used in investing activities the company used $455.1 million in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $101.4 million and $154.2 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively, and of that, invested approximately $27.1 million in capital expenditures during 2019 compared to $27.2 million and $24.7 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively. capital expenditures for the year consisted primarily of property purchases, equipment replacements and technology related projects. the company expects to invest between $28 million and $30 million in 2020 in capital expenditures. during 2019, the company and its subsidiaries acquired clark pest control as well as several other small to mid-sized companies for a total of $430.6 million compared to $76.8 million and $130.2 million in acquisitions during 2018 and 2017, respectively. the expenditures for the company's acquisitions were funded through existing cash balances, borrowings on our line of credit, a term loan, and other operating cash flows. the company continues to seek new acquisitions.
cash from financing activities the company generated cash of $127.7 million from financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to using $162.3 million and $130.3 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively. the company borrowed $291.5 million throughout 2019, net of repayments, primarily to fund the investing activities notes above. a total of $153.8 million was paid in cash dividends ($0.47 per share) during the year ended december 31, 2019 including a special dividend paid in december 2019 of $0.05 per share, compared to $152.7 million in cash dividends paid ($0.47 per share) during the year ended december 31, 2018, including a special dividend paid in december 2018 of $0.09 per share and $122.0 million paid in cash dividends ($0.37 per share) during the year ended december 31, 2017, including a special dividend paid in december 2017 of $0.07 per share.
the company did not purchase shares on the open market during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017. there remain 7.6 million shares, adjusted for the december 10, 2018 three-for-two stock split, authorized to be repurchased under prior board approval. the company repurchased $10.0 million, $9.5 million, and $8.2 million of common stock for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, from employees for the payment of taxes on vesting restricted shares.
the company's $94.3 million of total cash at december 31, 2019 is primarily cash held at various banking institutions. approximately $74.1 million is held in cash accounts at international bank institutions and the remaining $20.2 million is primarily held in federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insured non-interest-bearing accounts at various domestic banks which at times may exceed federally insured amounts.
the company's international business is expanding, and we intend to continue to grow the business in foreign markets in the future through reinvestment of foreign deposits and future earnings as well as acquisitions of unrelated companies. repatriation of cash from the company's foreign subsidiaries is not a part of the company's current business plan.
rollins maintains adequate liquidity and capital resources, without regard to its foreign deposits, that are directed to finance domestic operations and obligations and to fund expansion of its domestic business.
for information regarding our revolving credit agreement see note 4 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
litigation for discussion on the company's legal contingencies, see note 15 - commitments and contingencies to the accompanying financial statements.
off balance sheet arrangements, contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments the company has no material off balance sheet arrangements.
the impact that the company's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019 are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods is as follows:
1 year                                                                   5 years line of credit                                 $101,500           $-                                 $-                 $101,500           $-
non-cancelable operating leases                 219,381                  72,916                  98,134                   31,708                  16,623
1.                                           these amounts represent expected payments with interest for unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2019.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company views critical accounting policies and estimates to be those that are very important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and that require management's most difficult, complex or subjective judgments. the circumstances that make these judgments difficult or complex relate to the need for management to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. we believe our critical accounting policies to be as follows:
accrual for termite contracts-the company maintains an accrual for termite claims representing the estimated costs of reapplications, repairs and associated labor and chemicals, settlements, awards and other costs relative to termite control services. factors that may impact future costs include termiticide life expectancy and government regulation. it is significant that the actual number of claims has decreased in recent years due to changes in the company's business practices. however, it is not possible to precisely predict future significant claims. accruals for termite contracts are included in other current liabilities and long-term accrued liabilities on the company's consolidated statements of financial position.
accrued insurance-the company retains, up to specified limits, certain risks related to general liability, workers' compensation and vehicle liability. risks above specified limits are managed through either high deductible insurance or a non-affiliated group captive insurance member arrangement. the estimated costs of existing and future claims under the retained loss program are accrued based upon historical trends as incidents occur, whether reported or unreported (although actual settlement of the claims may not be made until future periods) and may be subsequently revised based on developments relating to such claims. the company contracts with an independent third-party actuary on a semi-annual basis to provide the company an estimated liability based upon historical claims information. the actuarial study is a major consideration in establishing the reserve, along with management's knowledge of changes in business practice and existing claims compared to current balances. management's judgment is inherently subjective as a number of factors are outside management's knowledge and control. additionally, historical information is not always an accurate indication of future events. the company continues to be proactive in safety and risk management to develop and maintain ongoing programs to reduce claims. initiatives that have been implemented include required pre-employment screening and ongoing motor vehicle record review for all drivers, post-offer physicals for new employees, pre-hire, random and post incident drug testing, increased driver training and post-injury nurse triage for work-related injuries.
revenue recognition- the company's revenue recognition policy is to recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. we enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products and services, each of which are distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.
more on the company's revenue recognition policy can be found in the company's notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies with the heading revenue recognition.
contingency accruals-the company is a party to legal proceedings with respect to matters in the ordinary course of business. in accordance with the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 450 "contingencies," management estimates and accrues for its liability and costs associated with the litigation. estimates and accruals are determined in consultation with outside counsel. because it is not possible to accurately predict the ultimate result of the litigation, judgments concerning accruals for liabilities and costs associated with litigation are inherently uncertain and actual liabilities may vary from amounts estimated or accrued. however, in the opinion of management, the outcome of the litigation will not have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition or results of operations. contingency accruals are included in other current liabilities and long-term accrued liabilities on the company's consolidated statements of financial position.
defined benefit pension plans - the company had two defined benefit pension plans; the rollins, inc. defined benefit plan and the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan.
the company ceased all future benefit accruals under the rollins, inc. defined benefit plan, in 2005, but remained obligated to provide employees benefits earned through june 2005. during 2018, the company initiated the process to transition its pension plan to an insurance provider. at december 31, 2018, the company utilized a termination liability approach. this approach reflected the estimated impact of the distribution of benefits due to a standard termination. plan liabilities were to be settled through the purchase of annuities from an insurance provider or through the distribution of lump sum payments to eligible participants that elected to receive such a form of payment. discount rates of 3.90% per year for participants in pay status and 4.11% per year for participants with deferred benefits were selected by the plan sponsor to determine the benefit obligation resulting from plan termination annuity purchases. the discount rates reflected the single effective interest rate that produced the same present value as that produced when the expected future cash flows for participants expected to elect an annuity were discounted with the ftse yield curve (formerly citigroup) as of the measurement date. to determine the benefit obligation resulting from plan termination lump sum payments, the expected future cash flows for lump sum eligible participants, determined with the irc 417(e) mortality table for 2019, were discounted with the irc 417(e) segment interest rates for the month of november 2018 (3.43%, 4.46%, and 4.88%). only 50% of active, 30% of deferred vested, and 25% of retired participants that were eligible to receive a lump sum distribution of their pension benefit upon plan termination, were assumed to elect this form of payment.
the plan was settled during 2019 through a combination of lump sum payments to participants, the purchase of a group annuity contract, and payments to the pension benefit guaranty corporation.
the company's sole remaining defined benefit pension plan is the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan. this plan was amended, effective september 1, 2018, to freeze future benefit accruals for all participants. the company accounts for these defined benefit plans in accordance with the fasb asc topic 715 "compensation- retirement benefits," and engages an outside actuary to calculate its obligations and costs. with the assistance of the actuary, the company evaluates the significant assumptions used on a periodic basis including the estimated future return on plan assets, the discount rate, and other factors, and makes adjustments to these liabilities as necessary.
the company chooses an expected rate of return on plan assets based on historical results for similar allocations among asset classes, the investments strategy, and the views of our investment adviser. differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual return are amortized over future years. therefore, the net deferral of past asset gains or losses ultimately affects future pension expense. the company's assumption for the expected return on plan assets is 7.0% which is unchanged from the prior year.
waltham services, llc hourly employees pension plan utilizes a yield curve approach. the approach utilizes an economic model whereby the company's expected benefit payments over the life of the plans is forecast and then compared to a portfolio of corporate bonds that will mature at the same time that the benefit payments are due in any given year. the economic model then calculates the one discount rate to apply to all benefit payments over the life of the plan which will result in the same total lump sum as the payments from the corporate bonds. the discount rate was 4.70% as of december 31, 2019 compared to 4.05% in both 2018 and 2017. a higher discount rate decreases the present value of benefit obligation.
as set forth in note 16 to the company's financial statements, included among the asset categories for the plan's investments are real estate, tactical composite and alternative investments comprised of investments in real estate and hedge funds. these investments are categorized as investments at net asset value ("nav") and are valued using significant non-observable inputs which do not have a readily determinable fair value. in accordance with accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2009-12 "investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent)," these investments are valued based on the net asset value per share calculated by the funds in which the plan has invested. these valuations are subject to judgments and assumptions of the funds which may prove to be incorrect, resulting in risks of incorrect valuation of these investments. the company seeks to mitigate against these risks by evaluating the appropriateness of the funds' judgments and assumptions by reviewing the financial data included in the funds' financial statements for reasonableness.
the waltham services, llc hourly employee pension plan had a net pension liability of $0.8 million and $0.6 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018 respectively. the recorded change within accumulated other comprehensive income increased stockholders' equity by $75.6 million before tax and $45.9 million after tax, driven mainly by the rollins, inc. defined benefit plan settlement.
recent accounting guidance see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
forward-looking statements this annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such forward-looking statements include statements regarding (i) management's belief that the company competes favorably with competitors; (ii) our belief that our operations' substantially comply with applicable federal and state environmental laws and regulations and that such compliance has had no material adverse effect on our operations to date; (iii) our maintenance of supplies is sufficient to fulfill our immediate needs and to alleviate potential short-term shortages in such supplies; (iv) any environmental remediation costs estimated to be incurred are not material to our financial condition or operating results, (v) the adequacy of our facilities to meet our future needs; (vi) the outcome of litigation, as discussed in the legal proceedings section and elsewhere and our belief that such litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity; (vii) the belief that we have adequate liquid assets, funding sources and insurance accruals to satisfy any claims; (viii) our expectation to continue our payment of cash dividends; (ix) plans regarding future acquisitions and franchise expansions, including our belief that acquisitions have been and may continue to be an important element of our business strategy; (x) the adequacy of our resources and borrowings to fund operations, obligations, and expansions; (xi) plans to continue funding future defined benefit plan obligations with a possible reversion of any remaining pension assets to us in compliance with erisa regulations; (xii) our belief that the company will not make a contribution to its remaining pension plan during fiscal year 2020; (xiii) our belief that any potential additional plan pension plan contributions will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity; (xiv) our projected 2020 capital expenditures; (xv) the plans to grow the business in foreign markets through reinvestment of foreign deposits and future earnings and through acquisitions of unrelated companies with no expectation of repatriation of cash from our foreign subsidiaries; (xvi) our expectation that we will maintain compliance with the covenants contained in our revolving credit agreement throughout 2020; (xvii) the impact and amount of our contractual obligations; (xviii) our expectations regarding termite claims and factors that impact future costs from those claims; (xix) the expected cost of termite renewals; (xx) the expected collectability of accounts receivable; (xxi) our belief that our tax positions are fully supportable; (xxii) expectations and plans regarding any losses from franchisees; (xxiii) the impact of recent accounting pronouncements; (xxiv) and interest rate risks and foreign exchange rate risk on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity; (xxv) our ability to utilize all of our foreign net operating losses and the possibility that the company's unrecognized tax benefits will decrease in the next 12 months; (xxvi) our estimation regarding an interest rate reclassification in the next 12 months; (xxvii) our reasonable certainty that we will exercise the renewal options on our operating leases; (xxviii) expectations regarding the recognition of compensation costs related to time-lapse restricted shares; (xxix) our estimation that the allowance for credit losses reported in our consolidated balance sheet will decrease by an immaterial amount upon the adoption of asu 2016-13; (xxx) the impact of foreign interest and exchange rate fluctuation on the value of our cash receipts and payments in terms of our functional currency; (xxxi) our belief that maintaining and enhancing our brands increases our ability to enter new markets and launch new and innovative services that better serve the needs of our customers (xxxii) the maintenance of adequate liquidity and capital resources, without regard to its foreign deposits, that are directed to finance domestic operations and obligations and to fund expansion of our domestic business; (xxxiii) our ability to be proactive in safety and risk management to develop and maintain ongoing programs to reduce claims; and (xxxiv) our expected return on plan assets. our actual results could differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements because of various risks, timing and uncertainties including, without limitation, the failure to maintain and enhance our brands and develop a positive client reputation; possibility of an adverse ruling against us in pending litigation; general economic conditions; unsuccessful expansion into international markets; general market risk; our inability to attract and retain skilled workers; changes in industry practices or technologies; the unauthorized access of personal, financial, or other data or information about our customers, employees, third parties, or of our proprietary confidential information; the degree of success of our termite process reforms and pest control selling and treatment methods; the unauthorized access of personal, financial, or other data or information about our customers, employees, third parties, or of our proprietary confidential information; our ability to identify and integrate potential acquisitions; climate and weather trends; competitive factors and pricing practices; potential increases in labor costs; changes in various government laws and regulations, including environmental regulations; and any actions taken by our franchisees, subcontractors, and vendors that could harm our business. all of the foregoing risks and uncertainties are beyond our ability to control, and in many cases we cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. the company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements.