item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information in this form 10-k, including management's discussion and analysis - future earnings potential in item 7, and other documents filed by southern company and/or its subsidiaries with the sec from time to time, the following factors should be carefully considered in evaluating southern company and its subsidiaries. such factors could affect actual results and cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, southern company and/or its subsidiaries.
utility regulatory, legislative, and litigation risks southern company and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial federal, state, and local governmental regulation, including with respect to rates. compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals, permits, and certificates may result in substantial costs to southern company and its subsidiaries.
laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services the southern company system offers, protection of critical electric infrastructure assets, transmission planning, reliability, pipeline safety, interaction with wholesale markets, and relationships with affiliates, among other matters. the registrants' businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if a registrant is found to be noncompliant.
the traditional electric operating companies and the natural gas distribution utilities seek to recover their costs, including compliance costs (including a reasonable return on invested capital), through their retail rates, which must be approved by the applicable state psc or other applicable state regulatory agency. such regulators, in a future rate proceeding, may alter the timing or amount of certain costs for which recovery is allowed or modify the current authorized rate of return. rate refunds may also be required. additionally, the rates charged to wholesale customers by the traditional electric operating companies and by southern power and the rates charged to natural gas transportation customers by southern company gas' pipeline investments and for some of its storage assets must be approved by the ferc. these wholesale rates could be affected by changes to southern power's and the traditional electric operating companies' ability to conduct business pursuant to ferc market-based rate authority.
a small percentage of transmission revenues are collected through wholesale electric tariffs but the majority are collected through retail rates. ferc rules pertaining to regional transmission planning and cost allocation, which are intended to spur the development of new transmission infrastructure to promote the integration of renewable resources as well as facilitate competition in the wholesale market by providing more choices to wholesale customers, present challenges to transmission planning and the wholesale market structure.
the impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to southern company or any of its subsidiaries is uncertain. changes in regulation, the imposition of additional regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, or penalties imposed for noncompliance with existing laws or regulations could influence the operating environment of southern company and its subsidiaries and may result in substantial costs or otherwise negatively affect their results of operations.
the southern company system's costs of compliance with environmental laws and satisfying related aros are significant and could negatively impact the net income, cash flows, and financial condition of the registrants.
the southern company system's operations are regulated by state and federal environmental agencies through a variety of laws and regulations governing air, water, land, and other natural resources. compliance with existing environmental requirements involves significant capital and operating costs including the settlement of aros, a major portion of which is expected to be recovered through retail and wholesale rates. there is no assurance, however, that all such costs will be recovered. the registrants expect future compliance expenditures will continue to be significant.
the epa has adopted and is implementing regulations governing air quality under the clean air act and water quality under the clean water act, including regulations governing cooling water intake structures and effluent guidelines for steam electric generating plants. the epa has also adopted regulations governing the disposal of ccr, including coal ash and gypsum, in landfills and surface impoundments at active generating power plants. the cost estimates for aros related to the disposal of ccr are based on information using various assumptions related to closure and post-closure costs, timing of future cash outlays, inflation and discount rates, and the potential methods for complying with the ccr rule. the traditional electric operating companies will continue to periodically update their aro cost estimates.
additionally, environmental laws and regulations covering the handling and disposal of waste and release of hazardous substances could require the southern company system to incur substantial costs to clean up affected sites, including certain current and former operating sites, and locations subject to contractual obligations.
litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage, personal injury, and citizen enforcement of environmental requirements has occurred throughout the u.s. this litigation has included claims for damages i-17
index to financial statements alleged to have been caused by co2 and other emissions, ccr, releases of regulated substances, and alleged exposure to regulated substances, and/or requests for injunctive relief in connection with such matters.
compliance with any new or revised environmental laws or regulations could affect many areas of operations for the southern company system. the southern company system's ultimate environmental compliance strategy and future environmental expenditures will depend on various factors, such as state adoption and implementation of requirements, the availability and cost of any deployed control technology, fuel prices, and the outcome of pending and/or future legal challenges. compliance costs may result from the installation of additional environmental controls, closure and monitoring of ccr facilities, unit retirements, or changing fuel sources for certain existing units, as well as related upgrades to the southern company system's transmission and distribution (electric and natural gas) systems. environmental compliance spending over the next several years may differ materially from the amounts estimated and could affect results of operations, cash flows, and/or financial condition if such costs cannot continue to be recovered on a timely basis. further, increased costs that are recovered through regulated rates could contribute to reduced demand for electricity and natural gas, which could negatively affect results of operations, cash flows, and/or financial condition. additionally, many commercial and industrial customers may also be affected by existing and future environmental requirements, which for some may have the potential to affect their demand for electricity or natural gas.
the southern company system may be exposed to regulatory and financial risks related to the impact of ghg legislation, regulation, and emission reduction goals.
costs associated with ghg legislation, regulation, and emission reduction goals could be significant. additional ghg policies, including legislation, may emerge in the future requiring the united states to transition to a lower ghg emitting economy. however, the ultimate impact will depend on various factors, such as state adoption and implementation of requirements, low natural gas prices, the development, deployment, and advancement of relevant energy technologies, the ability to recover costs through existing ratemaking provisions, and the outcome of pending and/or future legal challenges.
because natural gas is a fossil fuel with lower carbon content relative to other fossil fuels, future ghg constraints, including, but not limited to, the imposition of a carbon tax, may create additional demand for natural gas, both for production of electricity and direct use in homes and businesses. future ghg constraints designed to minimize emissions from natural gas could likewise result in increased costs to the southern company system and affect the demand for natural gas as well as the prices charged to customers and the competitive position of natural gas.
in april 2018, southern company established an intermediate goal of a 50% reduction in carbon emissions from 2007 levels by 2030 and a long-term goal of low- to no-carbon operations by 2050. the southern company system's ability to achieve these goals depends on many external factors, including supportive national energy policies, low natural gas prices, and the development, deployment, and advancement of relevant energy technologies. the southern company system expects to continue cost-effectively growing its renewable energy portfolio, optimizing technology advancements to modernize its transmission and distribution systems, increasing the use of natural gas for generation, completing plant vogtle units 3 and 4, investing in energy efficiency, and continuing research and development efforts focused on technologies to lower ghg emissions. the southern company system is also evaluating methods of removing carbon from the atmosphere.
see management's discussion and analysis - future earnings potential - "environmental matters - global climate issues" in item 7 herein for additional information.
operational risks the financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions.
the financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of the electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas distribution and storage facilities, and distributed generation storage technologies and the successful performance of necessary corporate functions. there are many risks that could affect these operations and performance of corporate functions, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, accidents, operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements or in connection with joint owner arrangements, labor disputes, physical attacks, fuel or material supply interruptions and/or shortages, transmission disruption or capacity constraints, including with respect to the southern company system's and third parties' transmission, storage, and transportation facilities, compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cyber security standards, implementation of new technologies, information technology (it) system failures, cyber intrusions, environmental events, such as spills or releases, and catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes and other storms, droughts, pandemic health events, or other similar occurrences.
index to financial statements a decrease or elimination of revenues from the electric generation, transmission, or distribution facilities or natural gas distribution or storage facilities or an increase in the cost of operating the facilities would reduce the net income and cash flows and could adversely impact the financial condition of the affected registrant.
operation of nuclear facilities involves inherent risks, including environmental, safety, health, regulatory, natural disasters, cyber intrusions or physical attacks, and financial risks, that could result in fines or the closure of the nuclear units owned by alabama power or georgia power and which may present potential exposures in excess of insurance coverage.
alabama power owns, and contracts for the operation of, two nuclear units and georgia power holds undivided interests in, and contracts for the operation of, four existing nuclear units. the six existing units are operated by southern nuclear and represented approximately 25% and 26% of the total kwhs generated by alabama power and georgia power, respectively, in the year ended december 31, 2019. in addition, southern nuclear, on behalf of georgia power and the other vogtle owners, is managing the construction of plant vogtle units 3 and 4. nuclear facilities are subject to environmental, safety, health, operational, and financial risks such as:
•   the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health and safety resulting from a release of radioactive materials;
•   uncertainties with respect to the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel and the need for longer term on-site storage;
•   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of licensed lives and the ability to maintain and anticipate adequate capital reserves for decommissioning;
•   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with any nuclear operations; and
•   significant capital expenditures relating to maintenance, operation, security, and repair of these facilities.
damages, decommissioning, or other costs could exceed the amount of decommissioning trusts or external insurance coverage, including statutorily required nuclear incident insurance.
the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear facilities. in the event of non-compliance, the nrc has the authority to impose fines and/or shut down any unit, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. nrc orders or regulations related to increased security measures and any future nrc safety requirements could require alabama power and georgia power to make substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear plants. in addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, it could result in substantial costs to alabama power or georgia power and southern company. a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to delay or prohibit construction of new nuclear units or require additional safety measures at new and existing units. moreover, a major incident at any nuclear facility in the u.s., including facilities owned and operated by third parties, could require alabama power and georgia power to make material contributory payments.
in addition, actual or potential threats of cyber intrusions or physical attacks could result in increased nuclear licensing or compliance costs that are difficult to predict.
transporting and storing natural gas involves risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
southern company gas' natural gas distribution and storage activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, accidents, explosions, and mechanical problems, which could result in serious injury, loss of life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, and impairment of its operations. the location of pipelines and storage facilities near populated areas could increase the level of damage resulting from these risks. additionally, these pipeline and storage facilities are subject to various state and other regulatory requirements. failure to comply with these requirements could result in substantial monetary penalties or potential early retirement of storage facilities, which could trigger an associated impairment. the occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance or otherwise could adversely affect southern company gas' and southern company's financial condition and results of operations.
physical attacks, both threatened and actual, could impact the ability of the subsidiary registrants to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity.
the subsidiary registrants face the risk of physical attacks, both threatened and actual, against their respective generation and storage facilities and the transmission and distribution infrastructure used to transport energy, which could negatively impact their ability to generate, transport, and deliver power, or otherwise operate their respective facilities, or, with respect to southern company gas, its ability to distribute or store natural gas, or otherwise operate its facilities, in the most efficient manner or at all. in addition, physical attacks against third-party providers could have a similar effect on the southern company system.
despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to human error, natural disasters, technological failure, or internal or external physical attacks. if assets i-19
index to financial statements were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached and were not restored in a timely manner, the affected subsidiary registrant may be unable to fulfill critical business functions. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such events or physical security breaches may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result.
these events could harm the reputation of and negatively affect the financial results of the registrants through lost revenues and costs to repair damage, if such costs cannot be recovered.
an information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of one or more key it systems, networks, or processes could impact the ability of the registrants to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity.
information security risks have generally increased in recent years as a result of the proliferation of new technology and increased sophistication and frequency of cyber attacks and data security breaches. the subsidiary registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated it systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected distribution systems. because of the critical nature of the infrastructure, increased connectivity to the internet, and technology systems' inherent vulnerability to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, or other types of data security breaches, the southern company system faces a heightened risk of cyberattack. parties that wish to disrupt the u.s. bulk power system or southern company system operations could view these computer systems, software, or networks as targets. the registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject, and will likely continue to be subject, to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their it systems and confidential data or to attempts to disrupt utility operations. as a result, southern company and its subsidiaries face on-going threats to their assets, including assets deemed critical infrastructure, where databases and systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing, and other cyber attacks. while there have been immaterial incidents of phishing and attempted financial fraud across the southern company system, there has been no material impact on business or operations from these attacks. however, the registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of it systems and network infrastructure and cannot provide any assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future.
in addition, in the ordinary course of business, southern company and its subsidiaries collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information about customers, employees, and stockholders, and other confidential information. in some cases, administration of certain functions may be outsourced to third-party service providers that could also be targets of cyber attacks.
despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to internal or external cyber attacks, which may inhibit the affected registrant's ability to fulfill critical business functions and compromise sensitive and other data. any cyber breach or theft, damage, or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data may also subject the affected registrant to penalties and claims from regulators or other third parties. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result. in addition, as cybercriminals become more sophisticated, the cost of proactive defensive measures may increase.
these events could negatively affect the financial results of the registrants through lost revenues, costs to recover and repair damage, costs associated with governmental actions in response to such attacks, and litigation costs if such costs cannot be recovered through insurance or otherwise.
the southern company system may not be able to obtain adequate natural gas, fuel supplies, and other resources required to operate the traditional electric operating companies' and southern power's electric generating plants or serve southern company gas' natural gas customers.
the traditional electric operating companies and southern power purchase fuel from a number of suppliers. the traditional electric operating companies and southern power also need adequate access to water, which is drawn from nearby sources, to aid in the production of electricity and, once it is used, returned to its source. disruption in the delivery of fuel, including disruptions as a result of, among other things, transportation delays, weather, labor relations, force majeure events, or environmental regulations affecting fuel suppliers, or the availability of water, could limit the ability of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power to operate certain facilities, which could result in higher fuel and operating costs and potentially reduce the net income of the affected traditional electric operating company or southern power and southern company.
natural gas supplies can be subject to disruption in the event production or distribution is curtailed, such as in the event of a hurricane or a pipeline failure. the southern company system also relies on natural gas pipelines and other storage and transportation facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver natural gas to wholesale markets and to its distribution i-20
index to financial statements systems. the availability of shale gas and potential regulations affecting its accessibility may have a material impact on the supply and cost of natural gas. disruption in natural gas supplies could limit the ability to fulfill contractual obligations.
the traditional electric operating companies and southern power have become more dependent on natural gas for a majority of their electric generating capacity and expect to continue to increase such dependence. in many instances, the cost of purchased power is influenced by natural gas prices. historically, natural gas prices have been more volatile than prices of other fuels. in recent years, domestic natural gas prices have been depressed by robust supplies, including production from shale gas. these market conditions, together with additional regulation of coal-fired generating units, have increased the traditional electric operating companies' reliance on natural gas-fired generating units.
the traditional electric operating companies are also dependent on coal for a portion of their electric generating capacity. the traditional electric operating companies depend on coal supply contracts, and the counterparties to these agreements may not fulfill their obligations to supply coal because of financial or technical problems. in addition, the suppliers may not be required to supply coal under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. if the traditional electric operating companies are unable to obtain their contracted coal requirements, they may be required to purchase their coal requirements at higher prices, which may not be recoverable through rates.
the revenues of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, and southern power depend in part on sales under ppas. the failure of a ppa counterparty to perform its obligations, the failure of a southern company subsidiary to satisfy minimum requirements under the ppas, or the failure to renew the ppas or successfully remarket the related generating capacity could have a negative impact on the net income and cash flows of the affected traditional electric operating company or southern power and/or of southern company.
most of southern power's generating capacity has been sold to purchasers under ppas. southern power's top three customers, georgia power, southern california edison, and morgan stanley capital group accounted for 9.0%, 6.8%, and 4.9%, respectively, of southern power's total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019. the traditional electric operating companies have entered into ppas with non-affiliated parties.
the revenues related to ppas are dependent on the continued performance by the purchasers of their obligations. the failure of a purchaser to perform its obligations, including as a result of a general default or bankruptcy, could have a negative impact on the net income and cash flows of the affected traditional electric operating company or southern power and of southern company. although the credit evaluations undertaken and contractual protections implemented by southern power and the traditional electric operating companies take into account the possibility of default by a purchaser, actual exposure to a default by a purchaser may be greater than predicted or specified in the applicable contract. see note 1 to the financial statements under "revenues - concentration of revenue" in item 8 herein for additional information on the potential impacts of pacific gas & electric company's bankruptcy filing.
additionally, neither southern power nor any traditional electric operating company can predict whether the ppas will be renewed at the end of their respective terms or on what terms any renewals may be made. the failure of a southern company subsidiary to satisfy minimum operational or availability requirements under these ppas, including ppas related to fuel cell technology, could result in payment of damages or termination of the ppas.
the asset management arrangements between southern company gas' wholesale gas services and its customers, including the natural gas distribution utilities, may not be renewed or may be renewed at lower levels, which could have a significant impact on southern company gas' financial results.
southern company gas' wholesale gas services currently manages the storage and transportation assets of the natural gas distribution utilities (except nicor gas) as well as certain non-affiliated customers. southern company gas' wholesale gas services has a concentration of credit risk for services it provides to its counterparties, which is generally concentrated in 20 of its counterparties.
the profits earned from the management of affiliate assets are shared with the respective affiliate's customers (and for atlanta gas light with the georgia psc's universal service fund), except for chattanooga gas where wholesale gas services are provided under annual fixed-fee agreements. these asset management agreements are subject to regulatory approval and such agreements may not be renewed or may be renewed with less favorable terms.
the financial results of southern company gas' wholesale gas services could be significantly impacted if any of its agreements with its affiliated or non-affiliated customers are not renewed or are amended or renewed with less favorable terms. sustained low natural gas prices could reduce the demand for these types of asset management arrangements.
index to financial statements increased competition from other companies that supply energy or generation and storage technologies could negatively impact southern company's and its subsidiaries' revenues, results of operations, and financial condition.
a key element of the business models of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power is that generating power at central station power plants achieves economies of scale and produces power at a competitive cost. advances in technology or changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of distributed generation storage technologies or other alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of most central station power electric production or result in smaller-scale, more fuel efficient, and/or more cost effective distributed generation that allows for increased self-generation by customers. broader use of distributed generation by retail energy customers may also result from customers' changing perceptions of the merits of utilizing existing generation technology or tax or other economic incentives. additionally, a state psc or legislature may modify certain aspects of the traditional electric operating companies' business as a result of these advances in technology.
it is also possible that rapid advances in central station power generation technology could reduce the value of the current electric generating facilities owned by the traditional electric operating companies and southern power. changes in technology could also alter the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power, which could reduce the revenues or increase the expenses of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, or southern power.
southern company gas' business is dependent on natural gas prices remaining competitive as compared to other forms of energy. southern company gas' gas marketing services segment also is affected by competition from other energy marketers providing similar services in southern company gas' unregulated service territories, most notably in illinois and georgia. southern company gas' wholesale gas services competes for sales with national and regional full-service energy providers, energy merchants and producers, and pipelines based on the ability to aggregate competitively-priced commodities with transportation and storage capacity. southern company gas competes with natural gas facilities in the gulf coast region of the u.s., as the majority of the existing and proposed high deliverability salt-dome natural gas storage facilities in north america are located in the gulf coast region.
if new technologies become cost competitive and achieve sufficient scale, the market share of the subsidiary registrants could be eroded, and the value of their respective electric generating facilities or natural gas distribution and storage facilities could be reduced. additionally, southern company gas' market share could be reduced if southern company gas cannot remain price competitive in its unregulated markets. if state pscs or other applicable state regulatory agencies fail to adjust rates to reflect the impact of any changes in loads, increasing self-generation, and the growth of distributed generation, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of southern company and the affected traditional electric operating company or southern company gas could be materially adversely affected.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively impact southern company's and its subsidiaries' results of operations.
events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges such as lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a lengthy time period associated with skill development, including with the workforce needs associated with major construction projects and ongoing operations. the southern company system's costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs, and safety costs, may rise. failure to hire and adequately obtain replacement employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect southern company and its subsidiaries' ability to manage and operate their businesses.
as a result of the increased demand for skilled linemen in california and the northeast, portions of the southern company system experienced higher than normal turnover in 2019. the southern company system is diligently working to attract and train qualified linemen.
if southern company and its subsidiaries are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, results of operations could be negatively impacted.
construction risks the registrants have incurred and may incur additional costs or delays in the construction of new plants or other facilities and may not be able to recover their investments. also, existing facilities of the subsidiary registrants require ongoing expenditures, including those to meet aros and other environmental standards and goals.
general the businesses of the registrants require substantial expenditures for investments in new facilities and, for the traditional electric operating companies, capital improvements to transmission, distribution, and generation facilities, for southern power, capital improvements to generation facilities, and, for southern company gas, capital improvements to natural gas distribution i-22
index to financial statements and storage facilities. these expenditures also include those to settle aros and meet environmental standards and goals. the traditional electric operating companies and southern power are in the process of constructing new generating facilities and adding environmental modifications to certain existing generating facilities. the traditional electric operating companies also are in the process of closing ash ponds to comply with the ccr rule and, where applicable, state ccr rules. southern company gas is replacing certain pipelines in its natural gas distribution system and is involved in two new gas pipeline construction projects. the southern company system intends to continue its strategy of developing and constructing new electric generating facilities, expanding and improving the electric transmission and electric and natural gas distribution systems, and undertaking projects to comply with environmental laws and regulations. these projects are long term in nature and in some cases may include the development and construction of facilities with designs that have not been finalized or previously constructed. the completion of these types of projects without delays or significant cost overruns is subject to substantial risks that have occurred or may occur, including:
•   shortages, delays, increased costs, or inconsistent quality of equipment, materials, and labor;
•   challenges with management of contractors, subcontractors, or vendors;
•   contractor or supplier delay;
•   nonperformance under construction, operating, or other agreements;
•   challenges with start-up activities (including major equipment failure, system integration, or regional transmission upgrades) and/or operational performance;
•   operational readiness, including specialized operator training and required site safety programs;
•   impacts of new and existing laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations;
•   the outcome of any legal challenges to projects, including legal challenges to regulatory approvals;
•   failure to construct in accordance with permits and licenses (including satisfaction of nrc requirements);
•   failure to satisfy any environmental performance standards and the requirements of tax credits and other incentives;
•   continued public and policymaker support for projects;
•   adverse weather conditions or natural disasters;
•   engineering or design problems;
•   environmental and geological conditions;
•   increased financing costs as a result of changes in market interest rates or as a result of project delays.
if a subsidiary registrant is unable to complete the development or construction of a project or decides to delay or cancel construction of a project, it may not be able to recover its investment in that project and may incur substantial cancellation payments under equipment purchase orders or construction contracts, as well as other costs associated with the closure and/or abandonment of the construction project.
in addition, partnership and joint ownership agreements may provide partners or co-owners with certain decision-making authority in connection with projects under construction, including rights to cause the cancellation of a construction project under certain circumstances. any failure by a partner or co-owner to perform its obligations under the applicable agreements could have a material negative impact on the applicable project under construction. certain southern company gas pipeline development projects involve separate joint venture participants that own a majority of the project, southern power participates in partnership agreements with respect to a majority of its renewable energy projects, georgia power jointly owns plant vogtle units 3 and 4 with other co-owners, and mississippi power jointly owns plant daniel with gulf power. see note 5 to the financial statements under "joint ownership agreements" in item 8 herein for additional information regarding jointly-owned facilities.
if construction projects are not completed according to specification, a registrant may incur liabilities and suffer reduced plant efficiency, higher operating costs, and reduced net income. furthermore, construction delays associated with renewable projects could result in the loss of otherwise available tax credits and incentives.
even if a construction project (including a joint venture construction project) is completed, the total costs may be higher than estimated and may not be recoverable through regulated rates, if applicable. in addition, construction delays and contractor performance shortfalls can result in the loss of revenues and may, in turn, adversely affect the net income and financial position of the affected registrant. the largest construction project currently underway in the southern company system is plant vogtle units 3 and 4. southern company and georgia power recorded a pre-tax estimated probable loss of $1.1 billion ($0.8 billion after tax) in 2018 to reflect georgia power's revised estimate to complete construction and start-up of plant vogtle units 3 and 4. see note 2 to the financial statements under "georgia power - nuclear construction" in item 8 herein for information regarding plant vogtle units 3 and 4. also see note 3 to the financial statements under "other matters - southern company i-23
index to financial statements gas - gas pipeline projects" for information regarding the construction delays and the associated cost increases for southern company gas' pipeline construction projects and note 15 to the financial statements under "southern company gas - proposed sale of pivotal lng and atlantic coast pipeline" in item 8 herein for information regarding the proposed sale of southern company gas' interests in atlantic coast pipeline.
once facilities become operational, ongoing capital expenditures are required to maintain reliable levels of operation. significant portions of the traditional electric operating companies' existing facilities were constructed many years ago. older equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant expenditures to maintain efficiency, to comply with changing environmental requirements, to provide safe and reliable operations, and/or to meet related retirement obligations.
southern company gas' significant investments in pipelines and pipeline development projects involve financial and execution risks.
southern company gas has made significant investments in existing pipelines and pipeline development projects. many of the existing pipelines are, and, when completed, the pipeline development projects will be, operated by third parties. if one of these agents fails to perform in a proper manner, the value of the investment could decline and southern company gas could lose part or all of its investment. in addition, southern company gas is required to fulfill capital obligations to pipeline joint ventures or, as necessary, guarantee the obligations of such joint venture.
with respect to certain pipeline development projects, southern company gas will rely on its joint venture partners for construction management and will not exercise direct control over the process. all of the pipeline development projects are dependent on contractors for the successful and timely completion of the projects. further, the development of pipeline projects involves numerous regulatory, environmental, construction, safety, political, and legal uncertainties and may require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital. these projects may not be completed on schedule, at the budgeted cost, or at all. there may be cost overruns and construction difficulties that cause southern company gas' capital expenditures to exceed its initial expectations, which may impact the earnings of the joint venture partnerships. moreover, southern company gas' income will not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a pipeline project. pipeline construction occurs over an extended period of time and southern company gas will not receive material increases in income until the project is placed in service.
at december 31, 2019, southern company gas was involved in two gas pipeline development projects, the atlantic coast pipeline project and the penneast pipeline project. see note 3 to the financial statements under "other matters - southern company gas - gas pipeline projects" in item 8 herein for information regarding these projects and note 15 to the financial statements under "southern company gas - proposed sale of pivotal lng and atlantic coast pipeline" in item 8 herein for information regarding the proposed sale of southern company gas' interests in atlantic coast pipeline.
financial, economic, and market risks the electric generation and energy marketing operations of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power and the natural gas operations of southern company gas are subject to risks, many of which are beyond their control, including changes in energy prices and fuel costs, which may reduce revenues and increase costs.
the generation, energy marketing, and natural gas operations of the southern company system are subject to changes in energy prices and fuel costs, which could increase the cost of producing power, decrease the amount received from the sale of energy, and/or make electric generating facilities less competitive. the market prices for these commodities may fluctuate significantly over relatively short periods of time. among the factors that could influence energy prices and fuel costs are:
•   prevailing market prices for coal, natural gas, uranium, fuel oil, and other fuels, as applicable, used in the generation facilities of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power and, in the case of natural gas, distributed by southern company gas, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities;
•   demand for energy and the extent of additional supplies of energy available from current or new competitors;
•   liquidity in the general wholesale electricity and natural gas markets;
•   weather conditions impacting demand for electricity and natural gas;
•   transmission or transportation constraints, disruptions, or inefficiencies;
•   availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources;
•   forced or unscheduled plant outages for the southern company system, its competitors, or third party providers;
•   the financial condition of market participants;
•   the economy in the southern company system's service territory, the nation, and worldwide, including the impact of economic conditions on demand for electricity and the demand for fuels, including natural gas;
•   natural disasters, wars, embargos, physical or cyber attacks, and other catastrophic events; and
•   federal, state, and foreign energy and environmental regulation and legislation.
index to financial statements these factors could increase the expenses and/or reduce the revenues of the registrants. for the traditional electric operating companies and southern company gas' regulated gas distribution operations, such impacts may not be fully recoverable through rates.
historically, the traditional electric operating companies and southern company gas from time to time have experienced underrecovered fuel and/or purchased gas cost balances and may experience such balances in the future. while the traditional electric operating companies and southern company gas are generally authorized to recover fuel and/or purchased gas costs through cost recovery clauses, recovery may be denied if costs are deemed to be imprudently incurred and there may be delays in the authorization of such recovery. these factors could negatively impact the cash flows of the affected traditional electric operating company or southern company gas and of southern company.
the registrants are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, including increased energy conservation, and adoption patterns of technologies by the customers of the subsidiary registrants.
the consumption and use of energy are linked to economic activity. this relationship is affected over time by changes in the economy, customer behaviors, and technologies. any economic downturn could negatively impact customer growth and usage per customer, thus reducing the sales of energy and revenues. additionally, any economic downturn or disruption of financial markets, both nationally and internationally, could negatively affect the financial stability of customers and counterparties of the subsidiary registrants.
outside of economic disruptions, changes in customer behaviors in response to energy efficiency programs, changing conditions and preferences, or changes in the adoption of technologies could affect the relationship of economic activity to the consumption of energy. for example, some cities in the united states recently banned the use of natural gas in new construction.
both federal and state programs exist to influence how customers use energy, and several of the traditional electric operating companies and southern company gas have psc or other applicable state regulatory agency mandates to promote energy efficiency. conservation programs could impact the financial results of the registrants in different ways. for example, if any traditional electric operating company or southern company gas is required to invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact on such traditional electric operating company or southern company gas and southern company. customers could also voluntarily reduce their consumption of energy in response to decreases in their disposable income, increases in energy prices, or individual conservation efforts.
in addition, the adoption of technology by customers can have both positive and negative impacts on sales. many new technologies utilize less energy than in the past. however, electric and natural gas technologies such as electric and natural gas vehicles can create additional demand. the southern company system uses best available methods and experience to incorporate the effects of changes in customer behavior, state and federal programs, psc or other applicable state regulatory agency mandates, and technology, but the southern company system's planning processes may not estimate and incorporate these effects.
all of the factors discussed above could adversely affect a registrant's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the operating results of the registrants are affected by weather conditions and may fluctuate on a seasonal basis. in addition, catastrophic events could result in substantial damage to or limit the operation of the properties of a subsidiary registrant and could negatively impact results of operation, financial condition, and liquidity.
electric power and natural gas supply are generally seasonal businesses. in the aggregate, during normal weather conditions, the southern company system's electric power sales peak during both the summer and winter. additionally, southern power has variability in its revenues from renewable generation facilities due to seasonal weather patterns primarily from wind and sun. in most of the areas southern company gas serves, natural gas demand peaks during the winter. in addition, the subsidiary registrants have historically sold less power and natural gas when weather conditions are milder. unusually mild weather in the future could reduce the revenues, net income, and available cash of the affected registrant.
volatile or significant weather events could result in substantial damage to the transmission and distribution lines of the traditional electric operating companies, the generating facilities of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power, and the natural gas distribution and storage facilities of southern company gas. the subsidiary registrants have significant investments in the atlantic and gulf coast regions and southern power and southern company gas have investments in various states which could be subject to severe weather and natural disasters, including hurricanes and wildfires. further, severe drought conditions can reduce the availability of water and restrict or prevent the operation of certain generating facilities.
in the event a traditional electric operating company or southern company gas experiences any of these weather events or any natural disaster or other catastrophic event, recovery of costs in excess of reserves and insurance coverage is subject to the i-25
index to financial statements approval of its state psc or other applicable state regulatory agency. historically, the traditional electric operating companies from time to time have experienced deficits in their storm cost recovery reserve balances and may experience such deficits in the future. any denial by the applicable state psc or other applicable state regulatory agency or delay in recovery of any portion of such costs could have a material negative impact on a traditional electric operating company's or southern company gas' and on southern company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
in addition, damages resulting from significant weather events within the service territory of any traditional electric operating company or southern company gas or affecting southern power's customers may result in the loss of customers and reduced demand for energy for extended periods and may impact customers' ability to perform under existing ppas. see note 1 to the financial statements under "revenues - concentration of revenue" in item 8 herein for additional information on pacific gas & electric company's bankruptcy filing. any significant loss of customers or reduction in demand for energy could have a material negative impact on a registrant's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
acquisitions, dispositions, or other strategic ventures or investments may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks not originally contemplated, which may have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition of southern company and its subsidiaries.
southern company and its subsidiaries have made significant acquisitions and investments in the past, as well as dispositions, and may in the future make additional acquisitions, dispositions, or other strategic ventures or investments, including the pending disposition by southern company gas of its interests in pivotal lng and atlantic coast pipeline, which cannot be assured to be completed or beneficial to southern company or its subsidiaries. southern company and its subsidiaries continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets. specifically, southern power continually seeks opportunities to execute its strategy to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, and sales of partnership interests, development and construction of new generating facilities, and entry into ppas primarily with investor-owned utilities, ipps, municipalities, and other load-serving entities, as well as commercial and industrial customers.
southern company and its subsidiaries may face significant competition for transactional opportunities and anticipated transactions may not be completed on acceptable terms or at all. in addition, these transactions are intended to, but may not, result in the generation of cash or income, the realization of savings, the creation of efficiencies, or the reduction of risk. these transactions may also affect the liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition of southern company and its subsidiaries.
these transactions also involve risks, including:
•   they may not result in an increase in income or provide adequate or expected funds or return on capital or other anticipated benefits;
•   they may result in southern company or its subsidiaries entering into new or additional lines of business, which may have new or different business or operational risks;
•   they may not be successfully integrated into the acquiring company's operations and/or internal control processes;
•   the due diligence conducted prior to a transaction may not uncover situations that could result in financial or legal exposure or may not appropriately evaluate the likelihood or quantify the exposure from identified risks;
•   they may involve retained obligations in connection with transitional agreements or deferred payments related to dispositions that subject southern company or its subsidiaries to additional risk;
•   southern company or the applicable subsidiary may not be able to achieve the expected financial benefits from the use of funds generated by any dispositions;
•   expected benefits of a transaction may be dependent on the cooperation, performance, or credit risk of a counterparty; or
•   for the traditional electric operating companies and southern company gas, costs associated with such investments that were expected to be recovered through regulated rates may not be recoverable.
southern company and southern company gas are holding companies and southern power owns many of its assets indirectly through subsidiaries. each of these companies is dependent on cash flows from their respective subsidiaries to meet their ongoing and future financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and, for southern company, to pay dividends on its common stock.
southern company and southern company gas are holding companies and, as such, they have no operations of their own. substantially all of southern company's and southern company gas' and many of southern power's respective consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. southern company's, southern company gas' and, to a certain extent, southern power's ability to meet their respective financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness, and, for southern company, to pay dividends on its common stock, is dependent on the net income and cash flows of their i-26
index to financial statements respective subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay borrowed funds. prior to funding southern company, southern company gas, or southern power, the respective subsidiaries have financial obligations and, with respect to southern company and southern company gas, regulatory restrictions that must be satisfied, including among others, debt service and preferred stock dividends. in addition, southern company, southern company gas, and southern power may provide capital contributions or debt financing to subsidiaries under certain circumstances, which would reduce the funds available to meet their respective financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness, and to pay dividends on southern company's common stock.
a downgrade in the credit ratings of any of the registrants, southern company gas capital, or nicor gas could negatively affect their ability to access capital at reasonable costs and/or could require posting of collateral or replacing certain indebtedness.
there are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for the registrants, southern company gas capital, and nicor gas, including capital structure, regulatory environment, the ability to cover liquidity requirements, and other commitments for capital. the registrants, southern company gas capital, and nicor gas could experience a downgrade in their ratings if any rating agency concludes that the level of business or financial risk of the industry or the applicable company has deteriorated. changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on credit ratings. if one or more rating agencies downgrade any registrant, southern company gas capital, or nicor gas borrowing costs likely would increase, including automatic increases in interest rates under applicable term loans and credit facilities, the pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and, particularly for any downgrade to below investment grade, significant collateral requirements may be triggered in a number of contracts. any credit rating downgrades could require altering the mix of debt financing currently used, and could require the issuance of secured indebtedness and/or indebtedness with additional restrictive covenants binding the applicable company.
uncertainty in demand for energy can result in lower earnings or higher costs. if demand for energy falls short of expectations, it could result in potentially stranded assets. if demand for energy exceeds expectations, it could result in increased costs for purchasing capacity in the open market or building additional electric generation and transmission facilities or natural gas distribution and storage facilities.
southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, and southern power each engage in a long-term planning process to estimate the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations. southern company gas engages in a long-term planning process to estimate the optimal mix and timing of building new pipelines and storage facilities, replacing existing pipelines, rewatering storage facilities, and entering new markets and/or expanding in existing markets. these planning processes must look many years into the future in order to accommodate the long lead times associated with the permitting and construction of new generation and associated transmission facilities and natural gas distribution and storage facilities. inherent risk exists in predicting demand as future loads are dependent on many uncertain factors, including economic conditions, customer usage patterns, efficiency programs, and customer technology adoption. because regulators may not permit the traditional electric operating companies or southern company gas' regulated operating companies to adjust rates to recover the costs of new generation and associated transmission assets and/or new pipelines and related infrastructure in a timely manner or at all, these subsidiaries may not be able to fully recover these costs or may have exposure to regulatory lag associated with the time between the incurrence of costs and the recovery in customers' rates. in addition, under southern power's model of selling capacity and energy at negotiated market-based rates under long-term ppas, southern power might not be able to fully execute its business plan if market prices drop below original forecasts. southern power and/or the traditional electric operating companies may not be able to extend existing ppas or find new buyers for existing generation assets as existing ppas expire, or they may be forced to market these assets at prices lower than originally intended. these situations could have negative impacts on net income and cash flows for the affected registrant.
the traditional electric operating companies are currently obligated to supply power to retail customers and wholesale customers under long-term ppas. southern power is currently obligated to supply power to wholesale customers under long-term ppas. at peak times, the demand for power required to meet this obligation could exceed the southern company system's available generation capacity. market or competitive forces may require that the traditional electric operating companies purchase capacity on the open market or build additional generation and transmission facilities and that southern power purchase energy or capacity on the open market. because regulators may not permit the traditional electric operating companies to pass all of these purchase or construction costs on to their customers, the traditional electric operating companies may not be able to recover some or all of these costs or may have exposure to regulatory lag associated with the time between the incurrence of costs of purchased or constructed capacity and the traditional electric operating companies' recovery in customers' rates. under southern power's long-term fixed price ppas, southern power may not be able to recover all of these costs. these situations could have negative impacts on net income and cash flows for the affected registrant.
index to financial statements the businesses of the registrants, segco, and nicor gas are dependent on their ability to successfully access funds through capital markets and financial institutions. the inability of any of the registrants, segco, or nicor gas to access funds may limit its ability to execute its business plan by impacting its ability to fund capital investments or acquisitions that it may otherwise rely on to achieve future earnings and cash flows.
the registrants, segco, and nicor gas rely on access to both short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from their respective operations. if any of the registrants, segco, or nicor gas is not able to access capital at competitive rates or on favorable terms, its ability to implement its business plan will be limited by impacting its ability to fund capital investments or acquisitions that it may otherwise rely on to achieve future earnings and cash flows. in addition, the registrants, segco, and nicor gas rely on committed bank lending agreements as back-up liquidity which allows them to access low cost money markets. each of the registrants, segco, and nicor gas believes that it will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets based upon current credit ratings. however, certain events or market disruptions may increase the cost of borrowing or adversely affect the ability to raise capital through the issuance of securities or other borrowing arrangements or the ability to secure committed bank lending agreements used as back-up sources of capital. such disruptions could include an economic downturn or uncertainty; bankruptcy or financial distress at an unrelated energy company, financial institution, or sovereign entity; capital markets volatility and disruption, either nationally or internationally; changes in tax policy; volatility in market prices for electricity and natural gas; actual or threatened cyber or physical attacks on the southern company system's facilities or unrelated energy companies' facilities; war or threat of war; or the overall health of the utility and financial institution industries.
additionally, due to a portion of the registrants' indebtedness bearing interest at fluctuating rates based on libor or other benchmark rates, the potential phasing out of these rates may adversely affect the costs of financing. the discontinuation, reform, or replacement of libor or any other benchmark rates may have an unpredictable impact on contractual relationships in the credit markets or cause disruption to the broader financial markets and could result in adverse consequences to the return on, value of, and market for the registrants' securities and other instruments whose returns are linked to any such benchmark.
failure to comply with debt covenants or conditions could adversely affect the ability of the registrants, segco, southern company gas capital, or nicor gas to execute future borrowings.
the debt and credit agreements of the registrants, segco, southern company gas capital, and nicor gas contain various financial and other covenants. georgia power's loan guarantee agreement with the doe contains additional covenants, events of default, and mandatory prepayment events relating to the construction of plant vogtle units 3 and 4. failure to meet those covenants beyond applicable grace periods could result in accelerated due dates and/or termination of the agreements, which would negatively affect the applicable company's financial condition and liquidity.
volatility in the securities markets, interest rates, and other factors could substantially increase defined benefit pension and other postretirement plan costs and the funding available for nuclear decommissioning.
the costs of providing pension and other postretirement benefit plans are dependent on a number of factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plan, changes in actuarial assumptions, government regulations, and/or life expectancy, and the frequency and amount of the southern company system's required or voluntary contributions made to the plans. changes in actuarial assumptions and differences between the assumptions and actual values, as well as a significant decline in the value of investments that fund the pension and other postretirement plans, if not offset or mitigated by a decline in plan liabilities, could increase pension and other postretirement expense, and the southern company system could be required from time to time to fund the pension plans with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations could have a material impact on liquidity by reducing cash flows and could negatively affect results of operations. see management's discussion and analysis - accounting policies - "application of critical accounting policies and estimates - pension and other postretirement benefits" in item 7 herein and note 11 to the financial statements in item 8 herein for additional information regarding the defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. additionally, alabama power and georgia power each hold significant assets in their nuclear decommissioning trusts to satisfy obligations to decommission their nuclear plants. the rate of return on assets held in those trusts can significantly impact both the funding available for decommissioning and the funding requirements for the trusts. see note 6 to the financial statements under "nuclear decommissioning" in item 8 herein for additional information.
the registrants are subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs.
the financial condition of some insurance companies, actual or threatened physical or cyber attacks, and natural disasters, among other things, could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. the availability of insurance may decrease, and the insurance that the registrants are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums, and more restrictive policy terms. further, the insurance policies may not cover all of the potential exposures or the actual amount of loss incurred.
index to financial statements any losses not covered by insurance, or any increases in the cost of applicable insurance, could adversely affect the results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition of the affected registrant.
the use of derivative contracts by southern company and its subsidiaries in the normal course of business could result in financial losses that negatively impact the net income of the registrants or in reported net income volatility.
southern company and its subsidiaries use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures, and forwards, to manage their commodity and interest rate exposures and, to a lesser extent, manage foreign currency exchange rate exposure and engage in limited trading activities. the registrants could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. these risks are managed through risk management policies, limits, and procedures, which might not work as planned and cannot entirely eliminate the risks associated with these activities. in addition, derivative contracts entered into for hedging purposes might not offset the underlying exposure being hedged as expected, resulting in financial losses. in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these financial instruments can involve management's judgment or use of estimates. the factors used in the valuation of these instruments become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable further into the future. as a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts.
in addition, southern company gas utilizes derivative instruments to lock in economic value in wholesale gas services, which may not qualify as, or may not be designated as, hedges for accounting purposes. the difference in accounting treatment for the underlying position and the financial instrument used to hedge the value of the contract can cause volatility in reported net income of southern company and southern company gas while the positions are open due to mark-to-market accounting.
see notes 13 and 14 to the financial statements in item 8 herein for additional information.
future impairments of goodwill or long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on the registrants' results of operations.
goodwill is assessed for impairment at least annually and more frequently if events or circumstances occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value and long-lived assets are assessed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. in connection with the completion of the merger, the application of the acquisition method of accounting was pushed down to southern company gas. the excess of the purchase price over the fair values of southern company gas' assets and liabilities was recorded as goodwill. this resulted in a significant increase in the goodwill recorded on southern company's and southern company gas' consolidated balance sheets. at december 31, 2019, goodwill was $5.3 billion and $5.0 billion for southern company and southern company gas, respectively.
in addition, southern company and its subsidiaries have long-lived assets recorded on their balance sheets. to the extent the value of goodwill or long-lived assets become impaired, the affected registrant may be required to incur impairment charges that could have a material impact on their results of operations. for example, southern company gas has two natural gas storage facilities located in california and texas, which could be impacted by ongoing changes in the u.s. natural gas storage market. recent sales of natural gas storage facilities have resulted in losses for the sellers and may imply an impact on future rates and/or asset values. sustained diminished natural gas storage values could trigger impairment of either of these natural gas storage facilities. see note 3 to the financial statements under "other matters" in item 8 herein for information regarding certain impairment charges at southern company and southern company gas.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview                                                                                         ii-16
results of operations                                                                            ii-20
future earnings potential                                                                        ii-57
financial condition and liquidity                                                                ii-100
this section generally discusses 2019 and 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018. discussions of 2017 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in item 7 of each registrant's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, which was filed with the sec on february 19, 2019. the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is a combined presentation; however, information contained herein relating to any individual registrant is filed by such registrant on its own behalf and each registrant makes no representation as to information related to the other registrants.