the operations of our current non-wholly-owned subsidiaries, including the partially owned entities, are conducted in accordance with their organizational documents. we anticipate that we will enter into more such arrangements, including through new joint venture structures or new partially owned entities. we may have limited operational flexibility in such current and future arrangements and we may not be able to control the timing or amount of cash distributions received. in certain cases:
in 2020, our operating results are expected to include increases from transco's recent expansion projects placed in-service and general rate settlement as previously discussed. we also expect an increase from a full year contribution from the norphlet project, partially offset by lower deferred revenue amortization from gulfstar, both in the eastern gulf region. northeast results are expected to increase from higher gathering and processing volumes.we expect decreases in the west primarily due to lower deferred revenue amortization in the barnett shale and lower revenues from our haynesville operations, partially offset by increased results from our dj basin and eagle ford operations. additionally, we expect our recently implemented organizational realignment will benefit our expenses.
selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to the absence of severance-related, organizational realignment, and financial repositioning costs incurred in 2017, $25 million in reduced costs associated with our former olefins and four corners area operations, and cost containment efforts. these decreases are partially offset by a charitable contribution of preferred stock to the williams companies foundation, inc. and fees associated with the wpz merger.
distributions from equity-method investees the organizational documents of entities in which we have an equity-method investment generally require distribution of their available cash to their members on a quarterly basis. in each case, available cash is reduced, in part, by reserves appropriate for operating their respective businesses. see note 6 - investing activities of notes to consolidated financial statements for our more significant equity-method investees.