item 7 | management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k and other publicly available documents may include, and officers and representatives of aig may from time to time make and discuss, projections, goals, assumptions and statements that may constitute "forward‐looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these projections, goals, assumptions and statements are not historical facts but instead represent only a belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. these projections, goals, assumptions and statements include statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as "will," "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "focused on achieving," "view," "target," "goal" or "estimate." these projections, goals, assumptions and statements may relate to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, anticipated organizational, business or regulatory changes, anticipated sales, monetization and/or acquisitions of businesses or assets, or successful integration of acquired businesses, management succession and retention plans, exposure to risk, trends in operations and financial results.
we continue to execute initiatives focused on organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business rationalization.
during 2016, we created a new switzerland-domiciled international holding company, aig international holdings, gmbh (aigih), which is intended to be the ultimate holding company for all of our international entities. this international holding company structure is part of our ongoing efforts to simplify our organizational structure, and is expected to facilitate the optimization of our international capital strategy from both a regulatory and a tax perspective. through february 12, 2019, substantially all of our international operations have been transferred to aigih. we will continue to monitor our international holding company structure in light of regulatory, tax and other developments, to ensure that this strategy continues to be effective.
we recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. with multiple levels of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models and strategic planning. for example, we continually consider changes in climate and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process. in addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change, including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. our internal product development, underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.