item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of cautionary factors that may affect future results in item 1a.
description of the company for a description of altria, see item 1. business, and background in note 1. background and basis of presentation to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 1").
altria's reportable segments are smokeable products, smokeless products and wine. the financial services and the
innovative tobacco products businesses are included in an all other category due to the continued reduction of the lease portfolio of pmcc and the relative financial contribution of altria's innovative tobacco products businesses to altria's consolidated results.
as discussed in note 1, on january 1, 2018, altria adopted several accounting standard updates ("asu"). in connection with the adoption of two of these asus (asu no. 2016-18, statement of cash flows (topic 230): restricted cash and asu no. 2017-07, compensation-retirement benefits (topic 715): improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost), altria restated certain prior year amounts.
executive summary consolidated results of operations the changes in altria's net earnings and diluted earnings per share ("eps") attributable to altria for the year ended december 31, 2018, from the year ended december 31, 2017, were due primarily to the following:
2017 npm adjustment items               2                       -
2017 asset impairment, exit, implementation and acquisition-related costs              55                    0.03
2017 tobacco and health litigation items              50                    0.03
2017 gain on ab inbev/sabmiller business combination            (289   )               (0.15   )
2018 npm adjustment items             109                    0.06
2018 asset impairment, exit, implementation and acquisition-related costs            (432   )               (0.23   )
2018 tobacco and health litigation items             (98   )               (0.05   )
2018 loss on ab inbev/sabmiller business combination             (26   )               (0.01   )
change in tax rate           1,007                    0.53
see the discussion of events affecting the comparability of statement of earnings amounts in the consolidated operating results section of the following discussion and analysis.
▪   fewer shares outstanding: fewer shares outstanding during 2018 compared with 2017 were due primarily to shares repurchased by altria under its share repurchase programs.
▪   change in tax rate: the change in tax rate was driven primarily by the tax reform act, which reduced the u.s. federal statutory corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018. for further discussion, see note 15.
▪   operations: the increase of $12 million in operations shown in the table above was due primarily to the following:
partially offset by:
▪   higher investment spending in the innovative tobacco products businesses.
for further details, see the consolidated operating results and operating results by business segment sections of the following discussion and analysis.
2019 forecasted results in january 2019, altria forecasted that its 2019 full-year adjusted diluted eps growth rate is expected to be in the range of 4% to 7% over its 2018 full-year adjusted diluted eps base of $3.99. this forecasted growth rate excludes the 2019 forecasted expense items in the second table below. altria's 2019 guidance reflects its expectation for a higher full-year adjusted effective tax rate, primarily resulting from lower dividends from ab inbev; increased interest expense from the debt incurred from the cronos and juul transactions; savings from the cost reduction program announced in december 2018, which altria expects to build over the course of the year to an annualized level of approximately $575 million; and increased investments related to pm usa's lead market plans for launching iqos, once authorized by the fda. the guidance assumes little-to-no earnings or cash contributions from the cronos and juul investments. altria expects the adjusted diluted eps growth to come in the last three quarters of 2019, with a mid-single digit decline in the first quarter. in the first quarter of 2019, altria will have the increased interest expense without the full benefits of the cost reduction program and one fewer shipping day in the smokeable products segment. altria expects its 2019 full-year adjusted effective tax rate will be in a range of approximately 23.5% to 24.5%.
reconciliation of 2018 reported diluted eps to 2018 adjusted diluted eps
npm adjustment items                                                                                     (0.06                    )
asset impairment, exit, implementation and acquisition-related costs                                      0.23
tobacco and health litigation items                                                                       0.05
loss on ab inbev/sabmiller business combination                                                           0.01
altria's full-year adjusted diluted eps guidance and full-year forecast for its adjusted effective tax rate exclude the impact of certain income and expense items that management believes are not part of underlying operations. these items may include, for example, loss on early extinguishment of debt, restructuring charges, asset impairment charges, loss/gain on ab inbev/sabmiller business combination, ab inbev special items, certain tax items, charges associated with tobacco and health litigation items, and resolutions of certain non-participating manufacturer ("npm") adjustment disputes under the 1998 master settlement agreement (such dispute resolutions are referred to as "npm adjustment items" and are more fully described in health care cost recovery litigation - npm adjustment disputes in note 19).
altria's management cannot estimate on a forward-looking basis the impact of certain income and expense items, including those items noted in the preceding paragraph, on altria's reported diluted eps and reported effective tax rate because these items, which could be significant, may be infrequent, are difficult to predict and may be highly variable. as a result, altria does not provide a corresponding united states generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap") measure for, or reconciliation to, its adjusted diluted eps guidance or its adjusted effective tax rate forecast.
the factors described in item 1a represent continuing risks to this forecast.
asset impairment, exit, implementation and acquisition-related costs (1)                             $0.08
(2) represents a partial reversal of the tax basis benefit recorded in 2017 attributable to the deemed repatriation tax related to altria's investment in ab inbev. for further discussion, see note 15.
altria reports its financial results in accordance with u.s. gaap. altria's management reviews certain financial results, including diluted eps, on an adjusted basis, which excludes certain income and expense items, including those items noted above. altria's management does not view any of these special items to be part of altria's underlying results as they may be highly variable, may be infrequent, are difficult to predict and can distort underlying business trends and results. altria's management also reviews income tax rates on an adjusted basis. altria's adjusted effective tax rate may exclude certain tax items from its reported effective tax rate. altria's management believes that adjusted financial measures provide useful additional insight into underlying business trends and results and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. adjusted financial measures are used by management and regularly provided to altria's chief operating decision maker (the "codm") for planning, forecasting and evaluating business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. these adjusted financial measures are not consistent with u.s. gaap and may not be calculated the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. these adjusted financial measures should thus be considered as supplemental in nature and not considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.
discussion and analysis critical accounting policies and estimates note 2 includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of altria's consolidated financial statements. in most instances, altria must use an accounting policy or method because it is the only policy or method permitted under u.s. gaap.
the preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. if actual amounts are ultimately different from previous estimates, the revisions are included in altria's consolidated results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. historically, the aggregate differences, if any, between altria's estimates and actual amounts in any year have not had a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.
the following is a review of the more significant assumptions and estimates, as well as the accounting policies and methods, used in the preparation of altria's consolidated financial statements:
▪consolidation: the consolidated financial statements include altria, as well as its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. investments in which altria has the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. equity investments in which altria does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee are accounted for as an investment in an equity security. all intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.
▪revenue recognition: on january 1, 2018, altria adopted asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) and all related asu amendments.
altria's businesses generate substantially all of their revenue from sales contracts with customers. while altria's businesses enter into separate sales contracts with each customer for each product type, all sales contracts are similarly structured. these contracts create an obligation to transfer product to the customer. all performance obligations are satisfied within one year; therefore, costs to obtain contracts are expensed as incurred and unsatisfied performance obligations are not disclosed. there is no financing component because altria expects, at contract inception, that the period between when altria transfers product to the customer and when the customer pays for that product will be one year or less.
altria's businesses define net revenues as revenues, which include excise taxes and shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of cash discounts for prompt payment, sales returns (also referred to as returned goods) and sales incentives. altria's businesses exclude from the transaction price sales taxes and value-added taxes imposed at the time of sale (which do not include excise taxes on cigarettes, cigars, smokeless tobacco or wine billed to customers).
altria's businesses recognize revenues from sales contracts with customers upon shipment of goods when control of such products is obtained by the customer. altria's businesses determine that a customer obtains control of the product upon shipment when title of such product and risk of loss transfers to the customer. altria's businesses account for shipping and handling costs as fulfillment costs and such amounts are classified as part of cost of sales in altria's consolidated statements of earnings. altria's businesses record an allowance for returned goods, based principally on historical volume and return rates, which is included in other accrued liabilities on altria's consolidated balance sheets. altria's businesses record sales incentives, which consist of consumer incentives and trade promotion activities, as a reduction to revenues (a portion of which is based on amounts estimated as being due to wholesalers, retailers and consumers at the end of a period) based principally on historical volume, utilization and redemption rates. expected payments for sales incentives are included in accrued marketing liabilities on altria's consolidated balance sheets.
payment terms vary depending on product type. altria's businesses consider payments received in advance of product shipment as deferred revenue, which is included in other accrued liabilities on altria's consolidated balance sheets until revenue is recognized. pm usa receives payment in advance of a customer obtaining control of the product. usstc receives substantially all payments within one business day of the customer obtaining control of the product. ste. michelle receives substantially all payments from customers within 45 days of the customer obtaining control of the product. amounts due from customers are included in receivables on altria's consolidated balance sheets.
for further discussion, see note 3. revenues from contracts with customers to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
▪depreciation, amortization, impairment testing and asset valuation: altria depreciates property, plant and equipment and amortizes its definite-lived intangible assets using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. machinery and equipment are depreciated over periods up to 25 years, and buildings and building improvements over periods up to 50 years. definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives up to 25 years.
altria reviews long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be fully recoverable. altria performs undiscounted operating cash flow analyses to determine if an impairment exists. these analyses are affected by general economic conditions and projected growth rates. for purposes of recognition and measurement of an impairment for assets held for use, altria groups assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable. if altria determines that an impairment exists, any related impairment loss is calculated based on fair value. impairment losses on assets to be disposed of, if any, are based on the estimated proceeds to be received, less costs of disposal. altria also reviews the estimated remaining useful lives of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate the lives may have changed.
substantially all of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets recorded by altria at december 31, 2018 relate to the 2017 acquisition of nat sherman, the 2009 acquisition of ust and the 2007 acquisition of middleton. altria conducts a required annual review of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would require altria to perform an interim review. if the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired. the amount of impairment loss is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the implied fair value. if the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value. for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the fair values are determined using discounted cash flows.
during 2018, altria recorded goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges of $111 million and $44 million, respectively, related to altria's decision in the fourth quarter of 2018 to refocus its innovative product efforts, which includes nu mark's discontinuation of production and distribution of all e-vapor products.
in addition, during 2018, altria completed its quantitative annual impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets. upon completion of this testing, altria concluded, in the wine segment, that the columbia crest trademark of $54 million was fully impaired as columbia crest has been negatively impacted by an accelerated decline in the $7 to $10 premium wine segment, increased competition and reduction in trade support. the results of the 2018 quantitative annual impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for the other reporting units and trademarks are indicated below.
at december 31, 2018, the estimated fair values of the cigarettes and cigars reporting units and the indefinite-lived intangible assets within those reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values.
at december 31, 2018, the estimated fair values of the smokeless products reporting unit and the indefinite-lived intangible assets within the reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying values, with the exception of the skoal trademark. at december 31, 2018, the estimated fair value of the skoal trademark exceeded its carrying value of $3.9 billion by approximately 20%. skoal continues to be impacted by slowing category volumes and increased competitive activities due to higher pricing and adult tobacco consumer movement among tobacco products.
at december 31, 2018, the estimated fair value of the wine reporting unit did not substantially exceed its carrying value. the estimated fair values of the indefinite-lived intangible assets within the wine reporting unit, with the exception of columbia crest (discussed above), substantially exceeded their carrying values. at december 31, 2018, the wine reporting unit exceeded its carrying value of $1.5 billion by approximately 14%. the wine reporting unit continues to be impacted by the slowing growth rate in the premium wine category and higher trade inventories.
during 2017 and 2016, altria's quantitative annual impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets resulted in no impairment charges.
in 2018, altria used an income approach to estimate the fair values of all of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. the income approach reflects the discounting of expected future cash flows to their present value at a rate of return that incorporates the risk-free rate for the use of those funds, the expected rate of inflation and the risks associated with realizing expected future cash flows. the weighted-average discount rate used in performing the valuations was approximately 10%.
in performing the 2018 discounted cash flow analysis, altria made various judgments, estimates and assumptions, the most significant of which were volume, income, growth rates and discount rates. the analysis incorporated assumptions used in altria's long-term financial forecast, which is used by altria's management to evaluate business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to setting employee compensation targets. the assumptions incorporated the highest and best use of altria's indefinite-lived intangible assets and also included perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term financial forecast. the perpetual growth rate used in performing all of the valuations was 2%. fair value calculations are sensitive to changes in these estimates and assumptions, some of which relate to broader macroeconomic conditions outside of altria's control.
although altria's discounted cash flow analysis is based on assumptions that are considered reasonable and based on the best available information at the time that the discounted cash flow analysis is developed, there is significant judgment used in determining future cash flows. the following factors have the most potential to impact expected future cash flows and, therefore, altria's impairment conclusions: general economic conditions; federal, state and local regulatory developments; category growth rates; consumer preferences; success of planned product expansions; competitive activity; and income and tobacco-related taxes. for further discussion of these factors, see operating results by business segment - tobacco space - business environment below.
while altria's management believes that the estimated fair values of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are reasonable, actual performance in the short-term or long-term could be significantly different from forecasted performance, which could result in impairment charges in future periods.
for additional information on goodwill and other intangible assets, see note 4. goodwill and other intangible assets, net to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
altria reviews its investment in ab inbev for impairment by comparing the fair value of its investment to its carrying value. if the carrying value of altria's investment exceeds its fair value and the loss in value is other than temporary, the investment is considered impaired and impairment is recognized in the period identified. the factors used to make this determination include the duration and magnitude of the fair value decline, ab inbev's financial condition and near-term prospects, and altria's intent and ability to hold its investment in ab inbev until recovery.
the fair value of altria's equity investment in ab inbev at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 was $13.1 billion and $22.1 billion, respectively, compared with its carrying value of $17.7 billion and $18.0 billion, respectively. at december 31, 2018, the fair value of altria's equity investment in ab inbev was less than its carrying value by approximately 26%. at february 22, 2019, the fair value of altria's equity investment in ab inbev was approximately $14.7 billion (approximately 17% below its carrying value). altria concluded that the decline in fair value of its investment in ab inbev below its carrying value is temporary and, therefore, no impairment was recorded. this conclusion is based on: (i) the fair value of altria's equity investment in ab inbev having historically exceeded its carrying value since october 2016, when altria obtained its ownership interest in ab inbev, (ii) the period of time that ab inbev shares have traded below altria's carrying value (began in september 2018) and the magnitude by which the carrying value of altria's investment in ab inbev exceeds its fair value, (iii) ab inbev's global platform (world's largest brewer by volume and one of the world's top five consumer products companies by revenue) with strong market positions in key markets, geographic diversification, experienced management team, financial condition, expected earnings and history of performance, and (iv) altria's ownership of restricted shares being subject to a five-year lock-up (subject to limited exceptions) ending october 10, 2021,
which altria believes provides sufficient time to allow for an anticipated recovery in the fair value of its investment in ab inbev.
if altria were to conclude that the decline in fair value is other than temporary, altria would determine and recognize, in the period identified, the impairment of its investment in ab inbev, which could result in a material adverse effect on altria's consolidated financial position or earnings. for additional information, see note 7.
altria reviews its investment in juul for impairment by performing a qualitative assessment of impairment indicators. if a qualitative assessment indicates that altria's investment in juul is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value, the investment is written down to its fair value. at december 31, 2018, there was no indication of impairment. for additional information, see note 8.
▪marketing costs: altria's businesses promote their products with consumer incentives, trade promotions and consumer engagement programs. these consumer incentive and trade promotion activities, which include discounts, coupons, rebates, in-store display incentives and volume-based incentives, do not create a distinct deliverable and are, therefore, recorded as a reduction of revenues. consumer engagement program payments are made to third parties. altria's businesses expense these consumer engagement programs, which include event marketing, as incurred and such expenses are included in marketing, administration and research costs in altria's consolidated statements of earnings. for interim reporting purposes, altria's businesses charge consumer engagement programs and certain consumer incentive expenses to operations as a percentage of sales, based on estimated sales and related expenses for the full year.
▪contingencies: as discussed in note 19 and item 3, legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened in various united states and foreign jurisdictions against altria and its subsidiaries, including pm usa and ust and its subsidiaries, as well as their respective indemnitees. in 1998, pm usa and certain other u.s. tobacco product manufacturers entered into the 1998 master settlement agreement (the "msa") with 46 states and various other governments and jurisdictions to settle asserted and unasserted health care cost recovery and other claims. pm usa and certain other u.s. tobacco product manufacturers had previously entered into agreements to settle similar claims brought by mississippi, florida, texas and minnesota (together with the msa, the "state settlement agreements"). pm usa's portion of ongoing adjusted payments and legal fees is based on its relative share of the settling manufacturers' domestic cigarette shipments, including roll-your-own cigarettes, in the year preceding that in which the payment is due. in addition, pm usa, middleton, nat sherman and usstc are subject to quarterly user fees imposed by the fda as a result of the fsptca. payments under the state settlement agreements and the fda user fees are based on variable factors, such as volume, operating income, market share and inflation, depending on the subject payment. altria's subsidiaries account for the cost of the state settlement agreements and fda user fees as a component of cost of sales. altria's subsidiaries recorded approximately $4.5 billion, $4.7 billion and $4.9 billion of charges to cost of sales for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, in connection with the state settlement agreements and fda user fees.
altria and its subsidiaries record provisions in the consolidated financial statements for pending litigation when they determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. at the present time, while it is reasonably possible that an unfavorable outcome in a case may occur, except to the extent discussed in note 19 and item 3: (i) management has concluded that it is not probable that a loss has been incurred in any of the pending tobacco-related cases; (ii) management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome in any of the pending tobacco-related cases; and (iii) accordingly, management has not provided any amounts in the consolidated financial statements for unfavorable outcomes, if any. litigation defense costs are expensed as incurred and included in marketing, administration and research costs in the consolidated statements of earnings.
▪employee benefit plans: as discussed in note 17. benefit plans to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 17"), altria provides a range of benefits to certain employees and retired employees, including pension, postretirement health care and postemployment benefits. altria records annual amounts relating to these plans based on calculations specified by u.s. gaap, which include various actuarial assumptions as to discount rates, assumed rates of return on plan assets, mortality, compensation increases, turnover rates and health care cost trend rates. altria reviews its actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and makes modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when it is deemed appropriate to do so. any effect of the modifications is generally amortized over future periods.
altria recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans on the consolidated balance sheet and records as a component of other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes, the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that have not been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits recorded as components of other comprehensive earnings (losses) are subsequently amortized into net periodic benefit cost in future years.
at december 31, 2018, altria's discount rate assumptions for its pension and postretirement plans obligations increased from 3.7% to 4.4% at december 31, 2018. altria presently anticipates a decrease of approximately $15 million in its 2019 pre-tax pension and postretirement expense versus 2018, excluding amounts in each year related to termination, settlement and curtailment. this anticipated decrease is due primarily to lower amortization of unrecognized losses, partially offset by higher interest costs, each driven by the impact of higher discount rates. assuming no change to the shape of the yield curve, a 50 basis point decrease in altria's discount rates would increase altria's pension and postretirement expense by approximately $46
million, and a 50 basis point increase in altria's discount rates would decrease altria's pension and postretirement expense by approximately $42 million. similarly, a 50 basis point decrease (increase) in the expected return on plan assets would increase (decrease) altria's pension and postretirement expense by approximately $38 million. see note 17 for a sensitivity discussion of the assumed health care cost trend rates.
▪income taxes: significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and in evaluating tax positions. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. altria records a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.
altria recognizes a benefit for uncertain tax positions when a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. the amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. altria recognizes accrued interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as part of the provision for income taxes in its consolidated statements of earnings.
altria recognized income tax benefits and charges in the consolidated statements of earnings during 2018, 2017 and 2016 as a result of various tax events, including the impact of the tax reform act.
the main provisions of the tax reform act that impact altria include: (i) a reduction in the u.s. federal statutory corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018, and (ii) changes in the treatment of foreign-source income, commonly referred to as a modified territorial tax system.
the transition to a modified territorial tax system required altria to record a deemed repatriation tax and an associated tax basis benefit in 2017. the tax impact related to the tax basis benefit and the deemed repatriation tax was based on provisional estimates as of january 18, 2018, substantially all of which were related to altria's share of ab inbev's accumulated earnings and associated taxes. altria recorded adjustments to the provisional estimates in 2018. the accounting for the repatriation tax is complete; therefore, no further adjustments to the provisional estimates are required.
for additional information on income taxes, see note 15.
consolidated operating results for the years ended december 31,
operating income:
operating companies income (loss):
amortization of intangibles                       (38    )              (21    )              (21    )
corporate asset impairment and exit costs           -                     -                    (5    )
operating income                               $9,115                $9,593                $8,761
as discussed further in note 16. segment reporting to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 16"), the codm reviews operating companies income to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, the segments. operating companies income for the segments is defined as operating income before general corporate expenses and amortization of intangibles. management believes it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze the business performance and trends of the various business segments.
the following events that occurred during 2018, 2017 and 2016 affected the comparability of statement of earnings amounts.
▪asset impairment, exit, implementation and acquisition-related costs: pre-tax asset impairment, exit, implementation and acquisition-related costs for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $538 million, $89 million and $206 million, respectively.
▪   announced its decision to refocus its innovative product efforts, which includes nu mark's discontinuation of production and distribution of all e-vapor products;
▪   announced a cost reduction program (which includes, among other things, reducing third-party spending and workforce reductions across the businesses) that it expects will deliver approximately $575 million in annualized cost savings by the end of 2019; and
▪   incurred pre-tax acquisition-related costs to effect the investment in juul (for further information regarding altria's investment in juul, see note 8).
in october 2016, altria announced the consolidation of
certain of its operating companies' manufacturing facilities to streamline operations and achieve greater efficiencies. the consolidation was completed in the first quarter of 2018 and delivered altria's goal of approximately $50 million in annualized cost savings as of december 31, 2018.
in january 2016, altria announced a productivity initiative designed to maintain its operating companies' leadership and cost competitiveness. the initiative, which reduced spending on certain selling, general and administrative infrastructure and implemented a leaner organizational structure, delivered altria's goal of approximately $300 million in annualized productivity savings as of december 31, 2017.
for further discussion on asset impairment, exit and implementation costs, including a breakdown of these costs by segment, see note 5. asset impairment, exit and implementation costs to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
▪loss/gain on ab inbev/sabmiller business combination: for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, altria recorded a pre-tax loss of $33 million and a pre-tax gain of $445 million, respectively, related to ab inbev's divestitures of certain sabmiller assets and businesses in connection with legacy ab inbev obtaining necessary regulatory clearances for the ab inbev transaction. as a result of the ab inbev transaction, for the year ended december 31, 2016, altria recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $13.9 billion. for further discussion, see note 7.
▪npm adjustment items:  for a discussion of npm adjustment items and a breakdown of these items by segment, see health care cost recovery litigation - npm adjustment disputes in note 19 and npm adjustment items in note 16, respectively.
▪tobacco and health litigation items: for a discussion of tobacco and health litigation items and a breakdown of these costs by segment, see note 19 and note 16, respectively.
▪settlement for lump sum pension payments: in the third quarter of 2017, altria made a voluntary, limited-time offer to former employees with vested benefits in the altria retirement plan who had not commenced receiving benefit payments and who met certain other conditions. eligible participants were offered the opportunity to make a one-time election to receive their pension benefit as a single lump sum payment or as a monthly annuity. as a result of the 2017 lump sum distributions, a one-time pre-tax settlement charge of $81 million was recorded in 2017 in net periodic benefit (income) cost, excluding service cost, in altria's consolidated statement of earnings. for further discussion, see note 16.
•loss on early extinguishment of debt: during 2016, altria completed a debt tender offer to purchase for cash certain of its senior unsecured notes in aggregate principal amount of $0.9 billion.
as a result of the debt tender offer, a pre-tax loss on early extinguishment of debt was recorded as follows:
write-off of unamortized debt discounts and debt issuance costs            14