item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes which appear under item 8 in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we are a leading semiconductor company that designs, develops and markets high-performance power solutions. incorporated in 1997, mps's core strengths include deep system-level and applications knowledge, strong analog design expertise and an innovative proprietary process technology. these combined strengths enable mps to deliver highly integrated monolithic products that offer energy efficient, cost-effective, easy-to-use solutions for systems found in computing and storage, automotive, industrial, communications and consumer applications. our mission is to reduce total energy consumption in our customers' systems with green, practical and compact solutions. we believe that we differentiate ourselves by offering solutions that are more highly integrated, smaller in size, more energy efficient, more accurate with respect to performance specifications and, consequently, more cost-effective than many competing solutions. we plan to continue to introduce new products within our existing product families, as well as in new innovative product categories.
we operate in the cyclical semiconductor industry where there is seasonal demand for certain products. we are not immune from current and future industry downturns, but we have targeted product and market areas that we believe have the ability to offer above average industry performance over the long term.
we work with third parties to manufacture and assemble our ics. this has enabled us to limit our capital expenditures and fixed costs, while focusing our engineering and design resources on our core strengths.
following the introduction of a product, our sales cycle generally takes a number of quarters after we receive an initial customer order for a new product to ramp up. typical lead time for orders is fewer than 90 days. these factors, combined with the fact that orders in the semiconductor industry can typically be cancelled or rescheduled without significant penalty to the customer, make the forecasting of our orders and revenue difficult.
we derive most of our revenue from sales through distribution arrangements and direct sales to customers in asia, where our products are incorporated into end-user products. for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, our revenue from sales to customers in asia was 88%, 89% and 91%, respectively. we derive a majority of our revenue from the sales of our dc to dc converter products which serve the computing and storage, automotive, industrial, communications and consumer markets. we believe our ability to achieve revenue growth will depend, in part, on our ability to develop new products, enter new market segments, gain market share, manage litigation risk, diversify our customer base and continue to secure manufacturing capacity.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. we evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis, including those related to revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, inventories, income taxes, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, and contingencies. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making the judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements are, by their nature, uncertain and unpredictable, and depend upon, among other things, many factors outside of our control, such as demand for our products and economic conditions.  accordingly, our estimates and judgments may prove to be incorrect and actual results may differ, perhaps significantly, from these estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies reflect our more significant judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition we generate revenue primarily from product sales, which include assembled and tested integrated circuits, as well as dies in wafer form. these product sales were 98%, 98% and 99% of our total revenue for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the remaining revenue primarily includes royalty revenue from licensing arrangements and revenue from wafer testing services performed for third parties, which have not been significant in all periods presented.
we recognize revenue from product sales when we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised goods or services to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
product sales consist of a single performance obligation that we satisfy at a point in time. we recognize product revenue from distributors and direct end customers when the following events have occurred: (a) we have transferred physical possession of the products, (b) we have a present right to payment, (c) the customer has legal title to the products, and (d) the customer bears significant risks and rewards of ownership of the products. in accordance with the shipping terms specified in the contracts, these criteria are generally met when the products are shipped from our facilities (such as the "ex works" shipping term) or delivered to the customers' locations (such as the "delivered duty paid" shipping term).
under certain consignment agreements, revenue is not recognized when the products are shipped and delivered to be held at customers' designated locations because we continue to control the products and retain ownership, and the customers do not have an unconditional obligation to pay. we recognize revenue when the customers pull the products from the locations or, in some cases, after a 60-day period from the delivery date has passed, at which time control transfers to the customers and we invoice them for payment.
we account for price adjustment and stock rotation rights as variable consideration that reduces the transaction price, and recognize that reduction in the same period the associated revenue is recognized. three u.s.-based distributors have price adjustment rights when they sell our products to their end customers at a price that is lower than the distribution price invoiced by us. when we receive claims from the distributors that products have been sold to the end customers at the lower price, we issue the distributors credit memos for the price adjustments. we estimate the price adjustments based on an analysis of historical claims, at both the distributor and product level, as well as an assessment of any known trends of product sales mix. other u.s. distributors and non-u.s. distributors, which make up the majority of our total sales to distributors, do not have price adjustment rights.
in addition, certain distributors have limited stock rotation rights that permit the return of a small percentage of the previous six months' purchases in accordance with the contract terms. we estimate the stock rotation returns based on an analysis of historical returns, and the current level of inventory in the distribution channel.  we recognize an asset for product returns which represents the right to recover products from the customers related to stock rotations, with a corresponding reduction to cost of revenue.
we pay sales commissions based on the achievement of pre-determined product sales targets. as we recognize product sales at a point in time, sales commissions are expensed as incurred.
inventory valuation we value our inventories at the lower of the standard cost (which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis) or their current estimated net realizable value.  we write down excess and obsolete inventories based on assumptions about future demand and market conditions. if actual demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. conversely, if actual demand or market conditions are more favorable, inventories may be sold that were previously reserved.
valuation of goodwill and acquisition-related intangible assets we evaluate intangible assets with finite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist. we perform an annual impairment assessment for goodwill in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist. impairment of intangible assets is recognized based on the difference between the fair value of the assets and their carrying value. impairment for goodwill occurs if the fair value of a reporting unit including goodwill is less than its carrying value and is recognized based on the difference between the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill and the carrying value of the goodwill. the assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets are complex and subjective. they can be affected by various factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and revenue forecasts. if there is a significant adverse change in our business in the future, including macroeconomic and market conditions, we may be required to record impairment charges on our goodwill and acquisition-related intangible assets.
accounting for income taxes we recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. we also recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards. we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.
our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. our estimates of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty, finality or uncertainty to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting or tax laws in the u.s. or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances. in addition, we recognize liabilities for potential u.s. and foreign income tax for uncertain income tax positions taken on our tax returns if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. if we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense in our financial statements in the period such determination is made. we have calculated our uncertain tax positions which were attributable to certain estimates and judgments primarily related to transfer pricing, cost sharing and our international tax structure exposure.
on december 22, 2017, the 2017 tax act was enacted, which significantly changed u.s. corporate income tax law. the 2017 tax act made the following material changes: (1) reduction of the corporate income tax rate effective january 1, 2018; (2) replacement of the worldwide tax system with a territorial tax regime, with a one-time mandatory tax on previously deferred foreign earnings; (3) amendment on the deductibility of executive performance-based compensation, and (4) creation of new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings. income tax effects resulting from changes in tax laws are accounted for in the period in which the law is enacted. as permitted by staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") issued by the sec on december 22, 2017, we recorded provisional amounts based on reasonable estimates for the year ended december 31, 2017, with a one-year measurement period to complete the analysis. any subsequent adjustments to these provisional amounts would be recorded to the income tax provision in the period when the analysis was complete. in december 2018, we have completed our accounting for the tax effects of the 2017 tax act, including the calculation of the deemed repatriation transition tax. see the "income tax provision" for further discussion.
as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, we had a valuation allowance of $13.0 million and $12.6 million, respectively, attributable to management's determination that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in the fourth quarter of 2017, management assessed the realizability of the deferred tax assets and concluded that a full valuation allowance would no longer be needed on the federal deferred tax assets, due principally to the enactment of the 2017 tax act. as a result, we released $21.6 million of valuation allowance which was recorded as a benefit in the income tax provision. in the event we determine that it is more likely than not that we would be able to realize other deferred tax assets in the future in excess of our net recorded amount, an adjustment to the valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets would increase income in the period such determination was made. likewise, should it be determined that additional amounts of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future, an adjustment to increase the deferred tax assets valuation allowance will be charged to income in the period such determination is made.
contingencies we are a party to actions and proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including potential litigation regarding our shareholders and our intellectual property, challenges to the enforceability or validity of our intellectual property, claims that our products infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, and employment matters. the pending proceedings involve complex questions of fact and law and will require the expenditure of significant funds and the diversion of other resources to prosecute and defend. in addition, from time to time, we become aware that we are subject to other contingent liabilities. when this occurs, we will evaluate the appropriate accounting for the potential contingent liabilities to determine whether a contingent liability should be recorded. in making this determination, management may, depending on the nature of the matter, consult with internal and external legal counsel and technical experts. based on the facts and circumstances in each matter, we use our judgment to determine whether it is probable that a contingent loss has occurred and whether the amount of such loss can be estimated. if we determine a loss is probable and estimable, we record a contingent loss. in determining the amount of a contingent loss, we take into account advice received from experts for each specific matter regarding the status of legal proceedings, settlement negotiations, prior case history and other factors. should the judgments and estimates made by management need to be adjusted as additional information becomes available, we may need to record additional contingent losses that could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. alternatively, if the judgments and estimates made by management are adjusted, for example, if a particular contingent loss does not occur, the contingent loss recorded would be reversed which could result in a favorable impact on our results of operations.
stock-based compensation we measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award.  the fair value of restricted stock units ("rsus") with service conditions or performance conditions is based on the grant date share price. the fair value of shares issued under the employee stock purchase plan and rsus with a purchase price feature is estimated using the black-scholes model. the fair value of rsus with market conditions, as well as rsus containing both market and performance conditions, is estimated using a monte carlo simulation model.
compensation expense related to awards with service conditions is recorded on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. compensation expense related to awards subject to market or performance conditions is recognized over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche. for awards with only market conditions, compensation expense is not reversed if the market conditions are not satisfied. for awards with performance conditions, as well as awards containing both market and performance conditions, we recognize compensation expense when the performance goals are achieved, or when it becomes probable that the performance goals will be achieved. management performs the probability assessment on a quarterly basis by reviewing external factors, such as macroeconomic conditions and the analog industry revenue forecasts, and internal factors, such as our business and operational objectives and revenue forecasts. changes in the probability assessment of achievement of the performance conditions are accounted for in the period of change by recording a cumulative catch-up adjustment as if the new estimate had been applied since the service inception date. if the projected achievement was revised upward or if the actual results were higher than the projected achievement, additional compensation expense would be recorded for the awards due to the cumulative catch-up adjustment, which would have an adverse impact on our results of operations. conversely, if the projected achievement was revised downward or if the actual results were lower than the projected achievement, previously accrued compensation expense would be reversed for the awards, which would have a favorable impact on our results of operations. as a result, our stock-based compensation expense is subject to volatility and may fluctuate significantly each quarter due to changes in our probability assessment or actual results being different from projections made by management.
we account for forfeitures of equity awards when they occur.
recent accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to our consolidated financial statements regarding recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 31, 2018.
results of operations the following table summarizes our results of operations:
cost of revenue                                 259,714              44.6                  212,646              45.2                  177,792              45.7
gross profit                                    322,668              55.4                  258,283              54.8                  210,873              54.3
operating expenses:
research and development                         93,455              16.0                   82,359              17.5                   73,643              18.9
litigation expense (benefit), net                 1,922               0.4                    1,243               0.2                     (229   )             -
total operating expenses                        209,180              35.9                  180,859              38.4                  156,426              40.3
revenue the following table summarizes our revenue by end market:
year ended december 31,                                                                                             change
end market              2018                            % of revenue       2017                            % of revenue       2016                            % of revenue             from 2017 to 2018              from 2016 to 2017
revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018 was $582.4 million, an increase of $111.5 million, or 23.7%, from $470.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. this increase was driven by higher sales in all of our end markets except for the consumer market. overall unit shipments increased by 19% due to higher market demand, and average sales prices increased by 4% from the same period in 2017.
revenue from the computing and storage market for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased $58.3 million, or 57.9%, from the same period in 2017. this increase was primarily driven by strength in the solid-state drive storage, cloud computing and high-performance notebook markets. revenue from the automotive market increased $26.2 million, or 48.6%, from the same period in 2017. this increase was primarily driven by higher sales of products for infotainment, safety and connectivity applications. revenue from the industrial market increased $25.6 million, or 40.7%, from the same period in 2017. this increase was primarily driven by higher sales in power source, security and meter products. revenue from the communications market increased $7.0 million, or 11.0%, from the same period in 2017. this increase was primarily driven by higher demand in networking applications. revenue from the consumer market decreased $5.6 million, or 3.0%, from the same period in 2017. this decrease was primarily due to softness in demand for high volume consumer-related products, particularly those sold in the greater china region. this decrease was partially offset by higher demand for products related to home appliance, specialty lighting and internet-of-things applications.
revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $470.9 million, an increase of $82.2 million, or 21.2%, from $388.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. this increase was driven by higher sales in all of our end markets except for the communications market. overall unit shipments increased by 9% due to higher market demand, and average sales prices increased by 12% from the same period in 2016.
revenue from the computing and storage market for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased $20.2 million, or 25.1%, from the same period in 2016. this increase was primarily driven by strength in the solid-state drive storage, cloud computing and high-performance notebook markets. revenue from the automotive market increased $19.9 million, or 58.7%, from the same period in 2016. this increase was primarily driven by higher sales of products for infotainment, safety and connectivity applications. revenue from the industrial market increased $7.2 million, or 12.9%, from the same period in 2016. this increase was primarily driven by higher sales in power source products. revenue from the communications market decreased $1.1 million, or 1.7%, from the same period in 2016. this decrease was primarily due to lower demand in wireless applications. revenue from the consumer market increased $36.0 million, or 23.4%, from the same period in 2016. this increase was primarily driven by higher demand in gaming and home appliance products.
cost of revenue and gross margin cost of revenue primarily consists of costs incurred to manufacture, assemble and test our products, as well as warranty costs, inventory-related and other overhead costs, and stock-based compensation expenses. in addition, cost of revenue includes amortization for acquisition-related intangible assets.
year ended december 31,                                                   change
cost of revenue                     $259,714                $212,646                $177,792           22.1                  %       19.6                  %
as a percentage of revenue              44.6    %               45.2    %               45.7   %
gross profit                        $322,668                $258,283                $210,873           24.9                  %       22.5                  %
cost of revenue was $259.7 million, or 44.6% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2018, and $212.6 million, or 45.2% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017. the $47.1 million increase in cost of revenue was primarily due to a 19% increase in overall unit shipments, which was partially offset by a 1% decrease in the average direct cost of units shipped. the increase in cost of revenue was also driven by a $10.5 million increase in inventory write-downs, a $2.1 million increase in warranty expenses, and a $1.7 million increase in manufacturing overhead costs, which was partially offset by a $1.2 million decrease in amortization expense as certain intangible assets were fully amortized in 2018.
gross margin was 55.4% for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with 54.8% for the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to increased sales of higher margin products and lower manufacturing overhead costs as a percentage of revenue, which was partially offset by higher inventory write-downs as a percentage of revenue.
cost of revenue was $212.6 million, or 45.2% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017, and $177.8 million, or 45.7% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016. the $34.8 million increase in cost of revenue was primarily due to a 9% increase in overall unit shipments, coupled with a 13% increase in the average direct cost of units shipped. the increase in cost of revenue was also driven by a $3.5 million increase in inventory write-downs and warranty expenses.
gross margin was 54.8% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with 54.3% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to lower manufacturing overhead costs as a percentage of revenue, which was partially offset by higher inventory write-downs as a percentage of revenue.
research and development research and development ("r&d") expenses primarily consist of salary and benefit expenses, bonuses, stock-based compensation and deferred compensation for design and product engineers, expenses related to new product development and supplies, and facility costs.
year ended december 31,                                                change
as a percentage of revenue            16.0    %             17.5    %             18.9   %
r&d expenses were $93.5 million, or 16.0% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2018, and $82.4 million, or 17.5% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017. the $11.1 million increase in r&d expenses was primarily due to an increase of $6.9 million in compensation expenses, which include salary, benefits and bonuses, an increase of $2.4 million in laboratory supplies, an increase of $1.4 million in new product development expenses, and an increase of $1.2 million in stock-based compensation expenses mainly associated with performance-based equity awards. these increases were partially offset by an increase of $1.4 million in income related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan liabilities. our r&d headcount was 710 employees as of december 31, 2018, compared with 629 employees as of december 31, 2017.
r&d expenses were $82.4 million, or 17.5% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017, and $73.6 million, or 18.9% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016. the $8.8 million increase in r&d expenses was primarily due to an increase of $3.8 million in compensation expenses, which include salary, benefits and bonuses, an increase of $1.9 million in laboratory supplies, an increase of $1.6 million in new product development expenses, an increase of $0.8 million in stock-based compensation expenses mainly associated with performance-based equity awards, and an increase of $0.7 million in expenses related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan liabilities. our r&d headcount was 629 employees as of december 31, 2017, compared with 578 employees as of december 31, 2016.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses primarily include salary and benefit expenses, bonuses, stock-based compensation and deferred compensation for sales, marketing and administrative personnel, sales commissions, travel expenses, facilities costs, and professional service fees.
year ended december 31,                                                 change
as a percentage of revenue              19.5    %             20.7    %             21.4   %
sg&a expenses were $113.8 million, or 19.5% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2018, and $97.3 million, or 20.7% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017. the $16.5 million increase in sg&a expenses was primarily due to an increase of $6.6 million in stock-based compensation expenses mainly associated with performance-based equity awards, an increase of $5.0 million in compensation expenses, which include salary, benefits and bonuses, and an increase of $4.0 million in commission expenses driven by higher revenue. these increases were partially offset by an increase of $2.0 million in income related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan liabilities. our sg&a headcount was 433 employees as of december 31, 2018, compared with 389 employees as of december 31, 2017.
sg&a expenses were $97.3 million, or 20.7% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017, and $83.0 million, or 21.4% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016. the $14.3 million increase in sg&a expenses was primarily due to an increase of $3.9 million in stock-based compensation expenses mainly associated with performance-based equity awards, an increase of $3.7 million in compensation expenses, which include salary, benefits and bonuses, an increase of $1.3 million in depreciation expense, and an increase of $1.0 million in expenses related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan liabilities. in addition, contributing to the increase in sg&a expenses in 2017 was a stock-based compensation credit of $2.9 million which reduced sg&a expenses in 2016 due to the retirement of our former chief financial officer. as the service or performance conditions for her outstanding restricted stock units had not been satisfied at the time of her departure, we reversed previously accrued stock-based compensation expenses of $2.9 million associated with the unvested restricted stock units and the credit was reflected in sg&a expenses for year ended december 31, 2016.  our sg&a headcount was 389 employees as of december 31, 2017, compared with 355 employees as of december 31, 2016.
litigation expense (benefit), net litigation expense was $1.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with $1.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase was primarily due to increased expenses on an ongoing lawsuit in which we are the plaintiff.
litigation expense was $1.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with a litigation benefit, net, of $0.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in litigation expense was primarily due to an ongoing lawsuit in which we are the plaintiff. in addition, we did not recognize any litigation benefit for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with $0.7 million of benefit recognized in connection with two litigation settlements for the year ended december 31, 2016.
interest and other income, net interest and other income, net, was $5.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with $5.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. the decrease was primarily due to an increase of $3.6 million in expenses related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan investments. this decrease was partially offset by an increase of $1.5 million in foreign currency exchange gain, an increase of $1.0 million in interest income as a result of higher investment balances and yields, and a decrease of $0.6 million in amortization of premium on available-for-sale securities.
interest and other income, net, was $5.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with $2.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to an increase of $2.9 million in interest income as a result of higher investment balances and higher yields, and an increase of $1.3 million in income related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan investments, which was partially offset by an increase of $1.0 million in amortization of premium on available-for-sale investments and an increase of $0.6 million in foreign currency exchange loss.
income tax provision the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2018 was $13.2 million, or 11.2% of pre-tax income. the effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate primarily because foreign income generated by our subsidiaries in bermuda and china was taxed at lower rates. in addition, the effective tax rate was impacted by the inclusion of the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") provisions as a result of the 2017 tax act.
the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $17.7 million, or 21.4% of pre-tax income. the effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate primarily because foreign income generated by our subsidiaries in bermuda and china was taxed at lower rates, and because of the stock-based compensation. in addition, the effective tax rate was impacted by the effects of the 2017 tax act, including the remeasurement of deferred taxes and the one-time deemed repatriation transition tax, and the release of the u.s. valuation allowance.
the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $4.5 million, or 7.9% of pre-tax income. the effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate primarily because foreign income generated by our subsidiaries in bermuda and china was taxed at lower rates. in addition, the effective tax rate was impacted by changes in valuation allowance and the stock-based compensation.
under accounting standards codification ("asc") no. 740, income taxes, the effects of a new legislation are recognized upon enactment. accordingly, we were required to recognize the tax effects of the 2017 tax act beginning in the fourth quarter of 2017.
on december 22, 2017, the sec issued sab 118, which addressed the application of asc no. 740 in situations when a registrant did not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the 2017 tax act. in accordance with sab 118, for matters that have not been completed, we would recognize provisional amounts to the extent that they were reasonably estimable. any subsequent adjustments to the provisional amounts would be recorded to the income tax provision in the period when the analysis was complete. we were permitted to finalize the analysis within a one-year measurement period.
as of december 31, 2017, we had not completed the accounting for the tax effects of the 2017 tax act and recorded certain provisional amounts based on reasonable estimates. in december 2018, we finalized the analysis of the 2017 tax act and recorded certain adjustments to the provisional amounts, as discussed further below.
we expect further guidance may be forthcoming from the fasb and the sec, as well as regulations, interpretations and rulings from federal and state tax agencies, which could result in additional impact and adjustments to our income tax provisions in future periods.
corporate tax rate and remeasurement of deferred taxes the 2017 tax act reduces the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018. because asc no. 740 requires the effect of a change in tax laws to be recognized as of the date of enactment, we remeasured our deferred tax balance as of december 22, 2017 and recorded a provisional amount of $9.8 million to the income tax provision as a result of the remeasurement for the year ended december 31, 2017. in december 2018, we finalized the analysis and did not make any adjustment to the provisional amount recorded for the year ended december 31, 2017.
deemed repatriation transition tax the 2017 tax act mandates a one-time deemed repatriation transition tax of post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings and profits ("e&p") on which u.s. income taxes were previously deferred. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded a provisional amount of $41.9 million related to the transition tax expense. after the utilization of r&d tax credits of $18.0 million, the provisional transition tax liability was $23.9 million. in december 2018, we finalized the analysis of the transition tax, and recorded an increase of $1.3 million to the transition tax expense and a net increase of $0.7 million to the transition tax liability.
as permitted by the 2017 tax act, we have elected to pay the transition tax liability of $24.6 million in installments on an interest-free basis over eight years through 2025. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we paid $2.6 million of the transition tax. as of december 31, 2018, $1.3 million of the remaining transition tax was recorded in current accrued liabilities and $20.7 million was recorded in long-term income tax liabilities.
undistributed earnings of subsidiaries we previously considered the earnings in our non-u.s. subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested and, accordingly, recorded no deferred income taxes. prior to the transition tax, we had an excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis in our foreign subsidiaries including undistributed foreign earnings of $390.2 million. while the transition tax resulted in the reduction of the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis in our foreign subsidiaries and subjected $123.2 million of undistributed foreign earnings to tax, an actual repatriation from our non-u.s. subsidiaries could be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and u.s. state taxes.
we have analyzed our global working capital and cash requirements, and have determined that we plan to repatriate cash from our bermuda subsidiary on an ongoing basis to fund our future u.s. based expenditures and dividends. for the other foreign subsidiaries, we expect to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings to fund foreign operations and their research and development. as of december 31, 2018, we recorded deferred taxes liabilities of $1.1 million related to california state taxes, which were netted against deferred tax assets.
gilti the 2017 tax act subjects a u.s. parent shareholder to taxation of its gilti, effective january 1, 2018. the gilti inclusions impact companies that have foreign earnings generated without a large aggregate foreign fixed asset base and whose earnings are being taxed at a low tax rate. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we included $81.1 million related to the gilti provisions as additional subpart f income, which was accounted for as a period cost.
executive compensation deduction the 2017 tax act retains the $1 million limitation on deductible compensation to covered employees, which include the chief executive officer and four other highest paid officers, under irc section 162(m). however, it eliminates the exception for performance-based cash or stock compensation and expands the definition of covered employees to include the chief financial officer. accordingly, beginning january 1, 2018, the deductible compensation to covered employees is generally subject to the $1 million limitation.
release of valuation allowance:
management periodically evaluates the realizability of our deferred tax assets based on all available evidence. the realizability of our deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income during periods prior to the expiration of tax attributes to fully utilize these assets. we maintained a full valuation allowance on our u.s. deferred tax assets as of the third quarter of 2017.  in the fourth quarter of 2017, we assessed the realizability of the deferred tax assets and concluded that it was more likely than not that our federal deferred tax assets would be realizable, due principally to the enactment of the 2017 tax act. in accordance with asc no. 740, management considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was needed. our conclusion was primarily driven by the following positive evidence:
●   we forecasted taxable income in the u.s. in future periods. the enactment of gilti will result in additional subpart f income each year.
●   executive performance-based equity awards are now subject to the section 162(m) deduction limitation.
●   we have a history of utilizing all federal tax attributes before expiration.
as a result, we released $21.6 million of valuation allowance on federal deferred tax assets, which was recorded as a benefit in the income tax provision in the fourth quarter of 2017. we continue to maintain a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets in california, primarily due to a low apportionment factor and the amount of r&d tax credits generated is greater than the amount utilized.
liquidity and capital resources december 31,
percentage of total assets                                               47.6       %                      45.8   %
working capital                                                      $500,371                          $383,253
as of december 31, 2018, we had cash and cash equivalents of $172.7 million and short-term investments of $204.6 million, compared with cash and cash equivalents of $82.8 million and short-term investments of $216.3 million as of december 31, 2017. as of december 31, 2018, $143.8 million of cash and cash equivalents and $101.0 million of short-term investments were held by our international subsidiaries. as a result of the enactment of the 2017 tax act, we currently plan to repatriate cash from our bermuda subsidiary to fund our future expenditures in the u.s. earnings from other foreign subsidiaries will continue to be indefinitely reinvested. see the "income tax provision" section for further discussion.
the significant components of our working capital are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, inventories and other current assets, reduced by accounts payable, accrued compensation and related benefits, and other accrued liabilities. as of december 31, 2018, we had working capital of $500.4 million, compared with working capital of $383.3 million as of december 31, 2017. the $117.1 million increase in working capital was due to a $131.6 million increase in current assets, which was partially offset by a $14.5 million increase in current liabilities. the increase in current assets was primarily due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and inventories. the increase in current liabilities was primarily due to an increase in accrued compensation and related benefits and other accrued liabilities.
summary of cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flow activities:
net cash provided by operating activities                                         $141,451             $133,821                          $107,786
effect of change in exchange rates                                                  (2,208    )                  1,625                     (2,093   )
for the year ended december 31, 2018, net cash provided by operating activities was $141.5 million, primarily due to our net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation, and a net decrease of $37.5 million from the changes in our operating assets and liabilities. the increase in accounts receivable was primarily driven by increased sales. the increase in inventories was primarily driven by an increase in strategic wafer and die inventories as well as an increase in finished goods to meet current demand and future growth. the increase in accrued liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in employee contributions to the deferred compensation plan.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, net cash provided by operating activities was $133.8 million, primarily due to our net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and deferred taxes, and a net increase of $15.7 million from the changes in our operating assets and liabilities. the increase in deferred taxes was primarily due to the release of the u.s. valuation allowance, partially offset by the remeasurement of the deferred tax balance in the fourth quarter of 2017 as a result of the 2017 tax act. the increase in accounts receivable was primarily driven by higher sales. the increase in inventories was primarily driven by an increase in strategic wafer and die inventories as well as an increase in finished goods to meet current demand and future growth. the increase in accounts payable was primarily driven by increased inventory and capital asset purchases to meet future demand. the increase in accrued liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in employee contributions to the deferred compensation plan and warranty expenses. the increase in income tax liabilities was primarily driven by the one-time deemed repatriation transition tax liability recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $107.8 million, primarily due to our net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation, and a net decrease of $2.9 million from the changes in our operating assets and liabilities. the increase in other assets was primarily due to a prepaid wafer purchase agreement we funded during the year. the increase in inventories was primarily driven by increased purchases to meet current demand and future growth. the increase in accrued liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in employee contributions to the deferred compensation plan.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, net cash used in investing activities was $14.7 million, primarily due to purchases of property and equipment of $22.5 million and net contributions to the deferred compensation plan of $4.1 million, which was partially offset by net sales of investments of $11.9 million. for the year ended december 31, 2017, net cash used in investing activities was $134.1 million, primarily due to purchases of property and equipment of $65.8 million, net purchases of short-term investments of $63.0 million, and net contributions to the deferred compensation plan of $5.3 million. for the year ended december 31, 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $55.7 million, primarily due to purchases of property and equipment of $37.1 million, net purchases of investments of $13.6 million, and net contributions to the deferred compensation plan of $5.0 million.
we did not purchase any significant properties for the year ended december 31, 2018. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we funded the purchases of land in kirkland, washington, office space in shanghai and hangzhou, china, and land and office space in taipei, taiwan for $53.8 million. for the year ended december 31, 2016, we funded the purchases of a previously leased manufacturing facility in chengdu, china, office space in shenzhen, china, and land and office space in taipei, taiwan for $17.5 million.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, net cash used in financing activities was $34.6 million, primarily reflecting $47.5 million used to pay dividends to our stockholders and dividend equivalents to our employees who hold rsus, which was partially offset by $13.6 million of cash proceeds from vesting of rsus and issuance of shares through our employee stock purchase plan. for the year ended december 31, 2017, net cash used in financing activities was $31.3 million, primarily reflecting $33.9 million used to pay dividends to our stockholders and dividend equivalents to our employees who hold rsus, which was partially offset by $2.9 million of cash proceeds from stock option exercises and issuance of shares through our employee stock purchase plan. for the year ended december 31, 2016, net cash used in financing activities was $28.1 million, primarily reflecting $33.1 million used to pay dividends to our stockholders and dividend equivalents to our employees who hold rsus, which was partially offset by $3.8 million of cash proceeds from stock option exercises and issuance of shares through our employee stock purchase plan.
we have a dividend program pursuant to which we intend to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. in addition, outstanding rsu awards contain rights to receive dividend equivalents, which entitle employees who hold rsus to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. the dividend equivalents are accumulated and paid to the employees when the underlying rsus vest. dividend equivalents accumulated on the underlying rsus are forfeited if the employees do not fulfill their service requirement and the awards do not vest. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we paid dividends and dividend equivalents totaling $47.5 million. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we paid dividends and dividend equivalents totaling $33.9 million. for the year ended december 31, 2016, we paid dividends and dividend equivalents totaling $33.1 million.
in february 2019, our board of directors approved an increase in our quarterly cash dividends from $0.30 per share to $0.40 per share, effective for the dividends declared in the first quarter of 2019.
we anticipate that cash used for future dividends and dividend equivalent payments, as well as payments for the one-time deemed repatriation transition tax and other expenditures, will come from our current domestic cash, cash generated from ongoing u.s. operations, and cash to be repatriated from our bermuda subsidiary. earnings from other foreign subsidiaries will continue to be indefinitely reinvested.
although cash requirements will fluctuate based on the timing and extent of many factors such as those discussed above, we believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and short-term investments, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for the next 12 months.
in the future, in order to strengthen our financial position, respond to changes in our circumstance or unforeseen events or conditions, or fund our growth, we may need to discontinue paying dividends and dividend equivalents, and may need to raise additional funds by any one or a combination of the following: issuing equity securities, issuing debt or convertible debt securities, incurring indebtedness secured by our assets, or selling certain product lines and/or portions of our business. accordingly, we cannot ensure that we will continue to pay dividends and dividend equivalents in the future, and there can be no guarantee that we will be able to raise additional funds on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
from time to time, we have engaged in discussions with third parties concerning potential acquisitions of product lines, technologies, businesses and companies, and we continue to consider potential acquisition candidates. any such transactions could involve the issuance of a significant number of new equity securities, assumptions of debt, and/or payment of cash consideration. we may also be required to raise additional funds to complete any such acquisitions, through either the issuance of equity and debt securities or incurring indebtedness secured by our assets. if we raise additional funds or acquire businesses or technologies through the issuance of equity securities or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders may experience significant dilution.
operating leases                       $2,877                $1,511                         $1,145                    $221           $-
(1)   outstanding purchase commitments primarily consist of wafer and other inventory purchases, assembly services and license arrangements.
(2)                             the transition tax liability represents the one-time, mandatory deemed repatriation tax imposed on previously deferred foreign earnings under the 2017 tax act. as permitted by the 2017 tax act, we elected to pay the tax liability in installments on an interest-free basis through 2025. see the "income tax provision" section for further discussion.
(3)   other long-term obligations include long-term liabilities reflected in our consolidated balance sheets, which primarily consist of the deferred compensation plan liabilities and accrued dividend equivalents. because of the uncertainty as to the timing of payments related to our liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, we have excluded estimated obligations of $13.7 million from the table above.
in february 2019, we entered into an agreement to purchase an office building and land located in kirkland, washington, for $53.0 million in cash.  we expect to close the transaction in the first quarter of 2019.
off balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2018, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in item 303(a)(4) of the securities and exchange commission's regulation s-k.