item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risks and cautionary factors that may affect future results in item 1a. risk factors.
description of our company we are leading a transformation in the tobacco industry to create a smoke-free future and ultimately replace cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company and its shareholders. we are a leading international tobacco company engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, smoke-free products and associated electronic devices and accessories, and other nicotine-containing products in markets outside the united states of america. we are building a future on a new category of smoke-free products that, while not risk-free, are a much better choice than continuing to smoke.  through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. our iqos smoke-free product brand portfolio includes heated tobacco and nicotine-containing vapor products.
to provide a greater focus on both parts of our business - combustible and reduced-risk products - and to support our transformation toward a smoke-free future, effective january 1, 2018, we began managing our business in six reportable segments as follows:
•   middle east &amp; africa ("me&amp;a"), which includes our international duty free business;
our cigarettes are sold in more than 180 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. we have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. in addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("rrps"). rrps is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continued smoking.
we use the term net revenues to refer to our operating revenues from the sale of our products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes. as discussed in item 8, note 21. new accounting standards, on january 1, 2018, we adopted financial accounting standards update asu 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers." we adopted this standard retrospectively to each prior period presented. we made an accounting policy election to exclude excise taxes collected from customers from the measurement of the transaction price, thereby presenting revenues net of excise taxes in all prior periods. our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. mix is a term used to refer to the proportionate value of premium-price brands to mid-price or low-price brands in any given market (product mix). mix can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets (geographic mix).
our cost of sales consists principally of: tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor and manufacturing costs; shipping and handling costs; and the cost of the iqos devices produced by third-party electronics manufacturing service providers. estimated costs associated with iqos warranty programs are generally provided for in cost of sales in the period the related revenues are recognized.
our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products (including general corporate expenses), and costs incurred to develop new products. the most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses.
philip morris international inc. is a legal entity separate and distinct from its direct and indirect subsidiaries. accordingly, our right, and thus the right of our creditors and stockholders, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary is subject to the prior rights of creditors of such subsidiary, except to the extent that claims of our company itself as a creditor may be recognized. as a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of
dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their common stock that are otherwise compliant with law.
consolidated operating results
•   net revenues - net revenues of $29.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased by $0.9 billion, or 3.1%, from the comparable 2017 amount. the change in our net revenues from the comparable 2017 amount was driven by the following:
net revenues, excluding unfavorable currency, increased by 3.4%, reflecting: a favorable pricing variance, notably in argentina, australia, canada, egypt, germany, indonesia, italy, japan, mexico, the philippines, russia, turkey, and ukraine, partly offset by france, korea, saudi arabia and thailand; as well as a favorable "other" variance attributable to 2018 fees for certain distribution rights billed to customers in certain markets in the me&a region.
these favorable variances were partly offset by unfavorable volume/mix, primarily reflecting unfavorable cigarette volume/mix, notably in australia, the gulf cooperation council ("gcc"), notably saudi arabia and the united arab emirates ("uae"), indonesia, italy, japan and russia, partly offset by pakistan, thailand and turkey. the unfavorable cigarette volume/mix was partly offset by favorable heated tobacco unit volume in the eu, notably the czech republic, germany and italy, as well as korea, pmi duty free and russia, partly offset by unfavorable heated tobacco unit volume in japan, reflecting the net impact of estimated distributor inventory movements.
•   diluted earnings per share - the changes in our reported diluted earnings per share ("diluted eps") for the year ended december 31, 2018, from the comparable 2017 amounts, were as follows:
diluted eps   % growth(decline)
2017 asset impairment and exit costs           -
subtotal of 2017 items                      0.84
2018 asset impairment and exit costs           -
subtotal of 2018 items                     (0.02     )
change in tax rate                          0.40
income taxes - our effective income tax rate for 2018 decreased by 17.8 percentage points to 22.9%. the 2018 tax items that decreased our 2018 diluted eps by $0.02 per share in the table above represented a current income tax charge of $185 million primarily due to an increase in our final 2017 transition tax liability, mostly offset by a deferred income tax benefit of $154 million primarily due to the recognition of deferred tax assets for net operating losses in the state of new york. the 2017 tax items that decreased our 2017 diluted eps by $0.84 per share in the table above were primarily due to the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act, which was signed into law in december 2017. the change in the effective tax rate that increased our diluted eps by $0.40 per share in the table above was primarily due to the impact from the tax cuts and jobs act, which reduced the u.s. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%, in addition to repatriation cost differences and earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction. for further details, see item 8, note 11. income taxes to our consolidated financial statements.
currency - the unfavorable currency impact during 2018 results from the fluctuations of the u.s. dollar, especially against the indonesian rupiah, russian ruble and turkish lira, partially offset by the euro and japanese yen. this unfavorable currency movement has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases.
interest - the favorable impact of interest was due primarily to our ongoing efforts to optimize our capital structure following the passage of the tax cuts and jobs act. this included the decision to use existing cash to repay the $2.5 billion principal for our matured may 2018 ten-year u.s. bond, which had a coupon of 5.65%.
operations - the decrease in diluted eps of $0.04 from our operations in the table above was due primarily to the following segments:
•   east asia &amp; australia: unfavorable volume/mix and higher marketing, administration and research costs, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs and favorable pricing;
partially offset by
•   south &amp; southeast asia: favorable pricing, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix, higher marketing, administration and research costs, and higher manufacturing costs;
•   latin america &amp; canada: favorable pricing, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix and higher marketing, administration and research costs;
•   eastern europe: favorable pricing, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix and higher marketing, administration and research costs;
•   european union: favorable pricing and favorable volume/mix, partially offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs, and higher manufacturing costs; and
•   middle east &amp; africa: favorable pricing, favorable volume/mix and lower marketing, administration and research costs, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs.
for further details, see the consolidated operating results and operating results by business segment sections of the following discussion and analysis.
tax items and impact of u.s. tax reform we completed our analysis of the tax cuts and jobs act during 2018 and adjusted the 2017 provisional estimates to the final amounts based on our 2017 u.s. federal income tax return as filed. accordingly, in the fourth quarter 2018, we recorded in our income tax provision a charge of $31 million representing a current income tax charge of $185 million, primarily due to an increase in our aggregate foreign cash position used to determine our final 2017 transition tax liability, mostly offset by a deferred income tax benefit of $154 million primarily due to the recognition of deferred tax assets for net operating losses in the state of new york. updates to the provisional estimates have been recorded in accordance with staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118").
we estimate that our 2019 effective tax rate will be approximately 23%, reflecting the current analysis, interpretation and clarifications of the scope and impact of the tax cuts and jobs act.
the tax cuts and jobs act has significant complexity, and our final full-year effective tax rate may differ from this estimate, due to, among other things, additional guidance that may be issued by the u.s. treasury department and the internal revenue service, related interpretations and clarifications of tax law, in addition to repatriation costs differences and earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction.