The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. The pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, including implementing prolonged closures and limited reopenings of certain offices and restricting employee travel. The reopening of our U.S. offices has created and may continue to create additional risks and operational challenges and may require us to make additional investments in the design, implementation, and enforcement of new workplace health and safety protocols. Furthermore, additional and/or extended governmental restrictions, new regulations, or other changing conditions could cause us to temporarily re-close certain offices. We have continued to host virtual-only customer experiences, and we may deem it advisable to similarly alter, postpone, or cancel entirely additional customer, employee, or industry events in the future. The conditions caused by the pandemic have affected the rate of IT spending and may in the future adversely affect our customers' ability or willingness to purchase our offerings. Global and regional macroeconomic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts on our customers' business operations and their demand for our products and services may persist for an indefinite period. Our operations have also been negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control. As we continue to monitor the situation and public health guidance throughout the world, we may adjust our current policies and practices, and existing and new precautionary measures could negatively affect our operations. The extent of the impact from the pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the duration and spread of the pandemic, future waves of COVID-19 infections, and the extent and effectiveness of containment actions. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be harmed. Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, new industry standards, evolving distribution models, and disruptive technology developments. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer expectations and needs, and anticipate emerging standards and business models. We must make long-term investments, develop, acquire, or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. If we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new products and services may not succeed and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. Additionally, any delay in the development, acquisition, marketing, or launch of a new offering or enhancement to an existing offering could result in customer attrition or impede our ability to attract new customers, causing a decline in our revenue, earnings, or stock price and weakening our competitive position. We believe that a critical contributor to our success to date has been our corporate culture, which we have built to foster innovation, teamwork, and employee satisfaction. As we grow, including from the integration of employees and businesses acquired in connection with previous or future acquisitions, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel who are essential to our future success.