The pandemic caused by the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the numerous measures implemented by government authorities in response have impacted and likely will continue to impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Malaysia, Thailand, China, and India. Each of these countries has been affected by the pandemic and taken measures to try to contain it, resulting in disruptions at some of our manufacturing operations and facilities. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting employee travel, modifying employee work locations, and canceling physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences. While we are confident that our strategy and long-term contingency planning have positioned us well to weather the current uncertainty, we cannot at this time fully quantify or forecast the impact of COVID-19 on our business. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including the continued duration and severity of the pandemic, the spread of more contagious variants of the virus, the adoption rate of vaccines, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, or how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. The combined company must achieve the anticipated growth and cost savings without adversely affecting current revenues and investments in future growth. If the combined company is not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. Potential difficulties the combined company may encounter as the integration process continues include lost sales and customers as a result of certain of our and/or Maxim's customers deciding not to do business with the combined company, or deciding to decrease their amount of business in order to reduce their reliance on a single company; integrating personnel and operations from the two companies while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high-quality products and services; potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen or increased costs and expenses; and performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management's attention caused by integrating the companies' operations. A prolonged disruption at, or inability to utilize, one or more of our manufacturing facilities, loss of raw materials or damage to our manufacturing equipment for any reason, including due to the COVID-19 pandemic, natural or man-made disasters, civil unrest, or other events outside of our control, may disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments, and revenue, and result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand. The markets for semiconductor products are cyclical, and increased production may lead to overcapacity and lower prices, and conversely, we may not be able to satisfy unexpected demand for our products. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry has resulted in periods when demand for our products has increased or decreased rapidly. Our future success significantly depends on our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, and design, develop, produce, and market innovative new products and system-level solutions. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings.