Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. The global covid-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on the global business environment and on our clients, but our priority has been and continues to be the safety of our associates and the needs of our clients. We have continued to provide HCM services, including the processing of payroll and tax obligations, to our clients during this time. Our efforts have also been focused on providing information and tools to help clients understand and navigate the governmental relief that has been adopted globally. We believe that providing insights from data, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our customers. However, the ability to provide data-driven insights may be constrained by current or future regulatory requirements or ethical considerations that could restrict or impose burdensome and costly requirements on our ability to leverage data in innovative ways. Our financial condition remains solid, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology, solutions, and services to remain competitive and responsive to client demands. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. Our business could be adversely affected in periods surrounding our new product introductions if customers delay purchasing decisions to evaluate the new product offerings. We must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts before knowing to what extent our investments will result in products the market will accept. Our ability to address cybersecurity incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and we regularly review, upgrade, and enhance our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants, or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible. The extent of any impact from major natural disasters or catastrophic events depends on developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration and scope of the event; the governmental and business actions taken in response; and the impact on economic activity and employment levels. Our business is also impacted by employment levels across our clients, as we have varied contracts throughout our business that blend base fees and per-employee fees. The covid-19 outbreak created significant volatility and uncertainty and economic and financial market disruption. The pandemic may also have long-term effects on the nature of the office environment and remote working, which may present operational and workplace culture challenges that may adversely affect our business.