The company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize, and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. Difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity. The company's results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally. The company has evaluated its holdings and identified those investments most exposed to the negative impacts of an economic downturn as a result of COVID-19. The company continues to monitor the effects and risks of COVID-19, including its variants, to assess its impact on economic conditions in Japan and the U.S. and on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and capital position. The company's investment portfolio was well-positioned entering the crisis, and the company continues to follow its strategy of investing primarily in fixed maturity securities to generate a reliable stream of income. Aflac Japan continues to evaluate return to the office measures; however, throughout the pandemic, Aflac Japan has evaluated its operational capabilities and anticipates that the remote configuration could remain for an indefinite period of time without materially impacting operations. The company remains focused on generating new business from existing and prospective customers through direct mail and digital methods. The company has accelerated investments in digital initiatives designed to improve long-term productivity, efficiency, and customer service. The company's sales, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if its sales networks deteriorate or if the company does not adequately provide support, training, and education for its existing network of sales associates, brokers, and other distribution partners. The company has begun to implement return to work plans that are adaptable and based upon multiple factors including government orders, guidelines issued by public health authorities, and the location and job responsibilities of specific company personnel. The company continues to closely monitor developments related to COVID-19 to assess its impact on the company's business. The company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. The company's risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave the company exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk. The company has made significant investments in the Aflac brand over a long period of time, and the perception of unfavorable business practices or financial weakness could create doubt regarding the company's ability to honor commitments to its policyholders. The company has increased U.S. dollar risk exposure in Japan as the comprehensive hedging program may not always correlate to the underlying U.S. dollar-denominated assets, thereby increasing earnings volatility. The company has undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of Aflac Japan's solvency margin ratio. The company employs policy reserve matching investment strategies to reduce solvency margin ratio volatility. The company is committed to maintaining strong capital levels throughout the pandemic, consistent with maintaining current insurance financial strength and credit ratings. The company expects that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements.