The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has and could continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. An economic downturn, as well as unstable economic conditions in the countries and regions in which we operate, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Business disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operations, damage our reputation, and impact client relationships. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business. Such a disruption could be caused by a cybersecurity incident, human error, capacity constraints, hardware failure or defect, natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, acts of terrorism, political violence and unrest, or war. Our disaster recovery procedures may not be effective, and insurance may not continue to be available at reasonable prices and may not address all such losses or compensate us for the possible loss of clients or increase in claims and lawsuits directed against us. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses. The insurance brokerage and employee benefit consulting businesses are highly competitive, and many insurance brokerage and employee benefit consulting organizations actively compete with us in one or more areas of our business around the world. We believe that the primary factors determining our competitive position with other organizations in our industry are the quality of the services we render, the personalized attention we provide, the individual and corporate expertise of the brokers and consultants providing the actual service to the client, our data and analytics capabilities, and our ability to help our clients manage their overall risk exposure and insurance or reinsurance costs. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced and qualified talent, including our senior management team. We depend upon members of our senior management team, who possess extensive knowledge and a deep understanding of our business and strategy. We could be adversely affected if we fail to plan adequately for the succession of these leaders. We could also be adversely affected if we fail to attract and retain talent and foster a diverse and inclusive workplace throughout our organization. Competition for talent is intense in many areas of our business, particularly in rapidly developing fields such as artificial intelligence and data engineering. We must also develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences, and internal control standards. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis, and our ideas may not be accepted in the marketplace. Additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise and develop new technologies in our business requires us to incur significant expenses. Investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies or product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs. We believe that our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world.