The Allstate Corporation board of directors has overall responsibility for oversight of management's design and implementation of our enterprise risk and return management framework that manages risk on an integrated basis following our risk and return principles. The risk and return committee of the Allstate board oversees the effectiveness of the enterprise risk and return management program, governance structure, and risk-related decision-making, while focusing on the company's overall risk profile. We operate in markets that are highly competitive and may be impacted by new or changing technologies, requiring continual allocation of resources to refine and improve products and services to remain competitive. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent to maintain appropriate staffing levels and establish a successful work culture is critical to our success, as competition for qualified employees with specialized knowledge has often been intense. The unexpected loss of key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business due to the loss of their skills, knowledge of our products, and years of industry experience. We continually evaluate investment management strategies since we are subject to risk of loss due to adverse changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, real estate values, currency exchange rates, and liquidity. Adverse changes may occur due to changes in monetary and fiscal policy and the economic climate, liquidity of a market or market segment, investor return expectations or risk tolerance, insolvency or financial distress of key market makers or participants, or changes in market perceptions of creditworthiness. Our investment portfolios are subject to market risk and declines in quality, which may adversely affect or create volatility in our investment income and cause realized and unrealized losses. The ability to adequately and effectively price our products and services is affected by the evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences, market and regulatory dynamics, broader use of telematics-based rate segmentation, and potential reduction in consumer demand. Our risk management strategies adapt to changes in business and market environments, and we strive to build strategic value and optimize risk and return. Our enterprise risk appetite is cascaded into individual risk limits which set boundaries on the amount of risk we are willing to accept from one specific risk category before escalating for further management discussion and action. We manage operational risk through an integrated operational risk and return management program, with resources throughout the enterprise identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing, and reporting on operational risks at a detailed level. The occurrence of a disaster, such as a natural catastrophe, pandemic, industrial accident, blackout, terrorist attack, war, cyberattack, or unanticipated problems with our disaster recovery processes, could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and financial condition. We depend heavily on computer systems, mathematical algorithms, and data to perform necessary business functions, and threats could impact our ability to protect our data and systems. Our systems are subject to increased cyberattacks and unauthorized access, which could result in damage to our reputation, additional costs, and impair our ability to conduct business effectively. We continue to closely monitor and proactively adapt to developments and changing conditions, including the impacts of the coronavirus pandemic, which has affected our operations and may continue to significantly affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.