The coronavirus global pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and ability to consummate future acquisitions. We continue to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in a widespread health crisis adversely affecting the economies and financial markets of many countries and the end markets for many of our products. The extent to which COVID-19 will impact our business is highly uncertain and will depend on future developments, including the geographic spread and duration of the virus and the actions taken by governmental authorities. Our global manufacturing facilities remain open with a focus on safety protocols, though external factors related to the pandemic have restricted our ability to keep our manufacturing facilities fully operational. Any decline in demand could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The pandemic may also affect the financial condition of our customers and suppliers, delay purchasing decisions, and result in longer payment terms or inability to collect customer payments. We may be unable to perform fully on our customer obligations and may incur liabilities and suffer losses as a result. The continued spread of COVID-19 may affect our ability to hire, develop, and retain our talented workforce, and our ability to maintain and support our corporate culture. A scarcity of resources caused by the pandemic may result in increased nationalism and protectionism, leading to significant negative impacts on the company and its customers. The duration and intensity of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain but could materially affect our operations, cash flows, financial condition, and ability to consummate future acquisitions. We have experienced sequential improvement in our financial results since the third quarter of 2020, and this trend has continued throughout 2021. The current economic environment is characterized by increased material cost inflation, logistics challenges, labor availability issues, and component part shortages. We continue to monitor and manage through these conditions and have taken steps to mitigate the impacts of the challenging economic environment. Our top priority during this pandemic is the health and safety of our employees, and all global manufacturing facilities remained fully operational during 2021 with safety protocols in place. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. The company's strategic geographic and industry diversification and its mix of products and services have helped to mitigate the potential adverse impact of unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company’s record backlog, contributions from recent acquisitions, and continued focus on operational excellence initiatives positively impacted 2021 results. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets we serve, and visibility into future performance is limited. We may not properly execute or realize anticipated cost savings or benefits from our operational excellence initiatives, which are necessary in our highly competitive industries. Our ability to successfully effectuate acquisitions will be dependent upon our ability to identify acceptable candidates, integrate acquired businesses, and manage the increased scope and complexity of our operations. The process of integrating acquired businesses may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and require additional financial resources and management attention. We believe we have sufficient cash-generating capabilities to meet our operating needs and contractual obligations for the foreseeable future.