This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. The COVID-19 pandemic, and the public and governmental effort to mitigate against the spread of the disease, have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our clinical trials, operations, manufacturing, supply chains, distribution systems, product development, product sales, business, and results of operations. Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our environmental, social, and governance objectives. The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. Many of our operations and facilities, including those essential to our manufacturing, R&D, and distribution activities, are in locations that are subject to natural disasters, including droughts, fires, hurricanes, tropical storms, and/or floods. The severity and frequency of weather-related natural disasters has been amplified and is expected to continue to be amplified by global climate change. Such natural disasters have caused, and in the future may cause, damage to and/or disrupt our operations, which may result in a material adverse effect on our product sales, business, and results of operations. Our suppliers, vendors, and business partners also face similar risks, and any disruption to their operations could have an adverse effect on our supply and manufacturing chain. We rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices, and components necessary for the manufacturing of our commercial and clinical products. Certain of those raw materials, medical devices, and components are proprietary products of those unaffiliated third-party suppliers and are specifically cited in our drug applications with regulatory agencies. We have detailed business continuity plans in place and periodic assessments of our natural disaster risk. However, any natural disaster may also result in prolonged interruption to our critical operational and business activities, and we may be required to incur significant costs to remedy the effects of such natural disasters and fully resume operations. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers, which may be affected by capacity of manufacturing facilities, contamination, natural disasters, labor disputes or shortages, compliance with regulatory requirements, and cyberattacks on supplier systems. The rapid reallocation of resources for the treatment and prevention of COVID-19 and/or disruptions and shortages in the global supply chain caused by the pandemic could also result in increased competition for, or reduced availability of, materials or components used in the development, manufacturing, distribution, or administration of our products. We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications. The results of those clinical trials are used as the basis to obtain approval from regulatory authorities. Our business is subject to extensive regulation by numerous state and federal government authorities in the United States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory authorities. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements may subject us to administrative and/or judicially imposed sanctions or monetary penalties as well as reputational and other harms.