Our operations are affected by various risks, many of which are beyond our control. The COVID-19 global pandemic may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are monitoring the health of our employees, and many are working remotely in accordance with health safety guidance. Although we have business continuity and other safeguards in place, we cannot be certain that they will be fully effective for extended periods of time. The pandemic and responses to it may lead to further adverse impacts on our operations, and our ability to access capital on favorable terms may be impaired. We may face unpredictable increases in demand for certain of our products when restrictions on business and travel end. If demand for our products exceeds our capacity, it could adversely affect our financial results and customer relationships. Weak economic conditions in certain geographies and changing supply and demand balances in the markets we serve have negatively impacted demand for our products and services in the past, including most recently due to COVID-19, and may do so in the future. Reduced demand could depress sales, reduce our margins, constrain our operating flexibility, or result in charges which are unusual or nonrecurring. Our extensive international operations can be adversely impacted by operational, economic, political, security, legal, and currency translation risks that could decrease profitability. Our operations in foreign jurisdictions may be subject to risks including exchange control regulations, import and trade restrictions, and trade policy affecting U.S. companies doing business abroad. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows. We are actively investing large amounts of capital and other resources in developing markets, which we believe to have high growth potential. However, our operations in these markets may be subject to greater risks, including political and economic instability, project delay or abandonment due to unanticipated government actions, and increased difficulty recruiting, training, and retaining qualified employees. The operation of our facilities inherently entails hazards that require continuous oversight and control, such as pipeline leaks and ruptures, fire, explosions, and cyber incidents. If operational risks materialize, they could result in loss of life, damage to the environment, or loss of production, all of which could negatively impact our ongoing operations, reputation, financial results, and cash flows. We are subject to extensive government regulation in the jurisdictions in which we do business, and compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practices that could result in reduced profitability. Our growth strategies depend in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States, particularly in regions where there is the potential for significant economic and political disruptions. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. Our financial results could be impacted adversely by claims under indemnification provisions. The security of our information technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect our ability to operate. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate safely and efficiently, and our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, or business disruptions.