Due to external factors and opinions, law enforcement agencies may elect to no longer purchase our products, which could adversely affect our revenues. We are materially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, and if these products do not continue to be widely accepted, our growth prospects will be diminished. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time-consuming, and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions, which we intend to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. Our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery. We have taken steps to diversify our supply chain and global manufacturing footprint, which have positioned us well to manage through the pandemic. We continue to adjust strategic inventory levels based on areas of risk to mitigate potential supply disruptions. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, fire, explosion, cyber-attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales or providing services. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally, and led to an economic downturn. We remain focused on protecting the health and well-being of our employees while assuring the continuity of our business operations. If our backup and mitigation plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption, our financial results could be adversely affected. We are continuously monitoring our operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. We depend on certain domestic and international suppliers for the delivery of components used in the assembly of our products, and any interruption of supply for any material components could significantly delay the shipment of our products. Our future success will depend on our ability to manage our growth and to increase manufacturing production capacity. We expect to recognize significant revenue growth in the software and sensors segment, indicative of our ability to adapt to market demands. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, and we plan to continue to grow internationally by acquiring existing entities or setting up new legal entities in new markets. We have implemented additional long-term agreements with strategic suppliers to mitigate the risk of supply continuity. Our reliance on the sales of our products by others also makes it more difficult to predict our revenues, cash flow, and operating results. We are subject to various laws and regulations governing the environment, including restricting the presence of certain substances in our products. We are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including product-related and other litigation. Our success depends upon the continued service of our key management personnel, and the loss of the service of one or more of our key personnel could adversely impact our business. Our strategic intent is to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model, to better match the municipal budgeting process of our customers. We have been monitoring our supply chain to manage through potential impacts, identifying alternate sources as well as shipping/logistic sources. We expect to realize a significant portion of our backlog as revenue during the next 12 months, which reflects our operational flexibility and strategic initiatives to adapt to changing market conditions.