The risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the economic environment generally can be sudden and severe and can impact customer types and geographies in which we operate in very different ways. The covid-19 pandemic has had widespread, rapidly evolving and unpredictable impacts on global society, economies, financial markets and consumer and business spending. The pandemic and resulting containment measures adversely impacted a significant portion of our network volumes and spending in certain categories have still not recovered to pre-pandemic levels. The global macroeconomic outlook continues to remain uncertain due to a variety of factors, including labor shortages, supply chain disruptions and inflation, and the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic may continue even after the outbreak has subsided. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical conditions, weather, natural disasters and other catastrophic events. Political and social conditions, fiscal and monetary policies, trade wars and tariffs, labor shortages, prolonged or recurring government shutdowns, regional or domestic hostilities, economic sanctions and the prospect or occurrence of more widespread conflicts could also negatively affect our business, operations and partners. We face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our success is, in many ways, dependent on the success of our partners. We are exposed to risks associated with our business partners, including reputational issues, business slowdowns, bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings and consolidations, and the possible obligation to make payments to our partners. We rely on third-party service providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways that could materially harm our business. A disruption or other event at a third party affecting one of our service providers or partners could also impede their ability to provide services or data on which we rely to operate our business. Our ability to address incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. Our information technology systems may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer or automated transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, computer viruses, vulnerabilities in hardware or software, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the enterprise risk management committee. The operational risk management committee coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls and oversees the preventive, responsive and mitigation efforts by operational excellence teams in the business units and staff groups. We define information and cyber security risk as the risk that a security incident could impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of American Express customer, colleague or proprietary information. Our information and cyber security program is designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. We continue to invest in enhancements to cyber security capabilities and engage in industry and government forums to promote advancements to the broader financial services cyber security ecosystem.