We face significant risks related to the spread of the COVID-19 virus, which has had, and will continue to have, significant effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The pandemic has subjected our business to increased operational challenges, including production site shutdowns, workplace disruptions, and restrictions on the movement of people. We cannot predict the impact that future production disruptions may have on our business, operations, financial performance, and financial condition. We continue to monitor health authorities for new or modified guidance and may be required to impose additional operational restrictions or suspend operations at key production sites. The COVID-19 pandemic has also had a significant impact on our liquidity and overall debt levels, with net cash used by operating activities reaching $3.4 billion. We expect negative operating cash flows in future quarters until deliveries begin to return to historical levels, and if the pace and scope of recovery are worse than anticipated, we may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations and obligations. The pandemic has caused a dramatic fall in commercial air traffic, impacting our customers' revenue, earnings, and cash flow, which may threaten their future viability. We have experienced part shortages that disrupted our operations and delayed deliveries, and any such disruptions could have severe adverse impacts on our production costs, delivery schedules, and ability to meet customer commitments. The magnitude and duration of the pandemic remain uncertain, and it continues to adversely affect our business and operating results. We are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties related to our production systems, including operational challenges and the need to maintain a healthy production system. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, which have historically generated substantial earnings and cash flow that permit us to invest in new products and services. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. We are also focused on ensuring that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors, which could impact our competitive advantage. The ongoing uncertainty with respect to U.S. defense spending and evolving national security priorities could result in reductions, cancellations, or delays of existing contracts or programs. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers. We rely on other companies to provide raw materials and perform services that we provide to our customers, and disruptions in their operations could adversely affect our ability to meet commitments. The complexity of our commercial aircraft production system requires extensive coordination and integration with suppliers, and operational issues could result in significant out-of-sequence work and increased production costs. We continue to transform and improve our business processes, which are intended to enable the company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness.