The impacts of the pandemic have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our businesses and results of operations, and the pandemic's duration and future impacts remain uncertain. We continue to execute business continuity plans in connection with the pandemic. If we become unable to operate our businesses from remote locations, our business continuity plans could be adversely affected and result in disruption to our businesses. The potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our organization and as a result of our interactions with, and reliance on, third parties and the financial services industry infrastructure. Our operational and security systems infrastructure, including our computer systems, emerging technologies, data management and internal processes, are integral to our performance. We continue to monitor the pandemic and related risks as they evolve globally and in the U.S. The magnitude and duration of the pandemic and its future direct and indirect effects on global health, the global economy and our businesses, results of operations and financial condition are uncertain. The economic impact of the pandemic may continue to adversely affect certain of our businesses and our results of operations, including decreased demand for and use of our products and services, lower fees, and increased credit losses due to a deterioration in the financial condition of our consumer and commercial borrowers. Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and reducing the potential for losses. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss to us. We seek to effectively and consistently identify, measure, monitor, report and control the types of risk to which we are subject, including strategic, credit, legal, climate, market, liquidity, compliance, operational and reputational risks. Our risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, earnings or liquidity we are willing to put at risk to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans. Our risk appetite provides a common set of measures for senior management and the board to clearly indicate the level of risk we are willing to take in alignment with our strategic and capital plans. We have developed and maintain contingency plans that are designed to prepare us in advance to respond in the event of potential adverse economic, financial or market stress. These contingency plans include our capital contingency plan and financial contingency and recovery plan, which provide monitoring, escalation, actions and routines designed to enable us to increase capital, access funding sources and reduce risk through consideration of potential options that include asset sales, business sales, capital or debt issuances, or other de-risking strategies. Our response to climate change, our climate change strategies, policies, goals, commitments and disclosure, and/or our ability to achieve our climate-related goals and commitments could result in reputational harm as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny, litigation and reduced investor and stakeholder confidence. Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to our success, business prospects and competitive position. The corporation's risk framework requires that strong risk management practices are integrated into key strategic, capital and financial planning processes and in day-to-day business processes across the corporation, thereby ensuring risks are appropriately considered, evaluated and responded to in a timely manner.