Our business and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial performance, and travel demand. The pandemic has materially adversely affected, and may further adversely impact, our business and financial performance. In response to the outbreak, governments and businesses have implemented a variety of restrictive measures, which have had a significant adverse effect on many partners, including hotels, airlines, and restaurants, as well as on our consumers, operations, and workforce. The ability of consumers to travel has been significantly impacted by various travel restrictions, and we do not expect economic and operating conditions to recover fully until there is widespread consumer confidence and ability to travel. Our business is dependent on consumer sentiment and discretionary spending patterns, and any increased unemployment is likely to negatively impact consumer discretionary spending, including for the travel and restaurant industries. We cannot predict the long-term effects of the pandemic on our business or the travel and restaurant industries as a whole. The uncertainty of macroeconomic factors and their impact on consumer behavior makes it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business. The effects of the pandemic may continue to fluctuate, which could continue to affect our business. We rely on the performance of highly skilled employees, and if we are unable to retain or motivate key employees, our business would be harmed. Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals, including key senior management. The competition for well-qualified employees in all aspects of our business has intensified, and our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent are increasing. We face risks related to the growth rate and global expansion of our business, and any decline in growth rates could negatively impact our revenue and earnings growth. The emergence of super-apps in many markets may make it more difficult to compete, and scaling our business could require significant investment, which could negatively impact our profit margins. We are also subject to various competition, consumer protection, and online commerce laws, rules, and regulations, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business by legislators and regulators may intensify. The ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to strain our management, operations, technical performance, financial resources, and administrative functions. Our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies and market conditions will be critical for our success. We are working toward enhancing our payments capabilities and offering alternative payment solutions to consumers, which is essential for maintaining competitiveness in the evolving market landscape. Our marketing efficiency is impacted by a number of factors, including cancellation rates and foreign currency exchange rates, which can affect our ability to generate traffic to our platforms. We have taken steps to increase the reliability and redundancy of our systems, but vulnerabilities remain, and any disruption could impair our reputation and business operations. The dynamic regulatory environment requires us to expend significant time and resources, and failure to comply with evolving standards could have a negative impact on our business. The uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and other external pressures necessitates a proactive approach to risk management and organizational resilience to navigate future challenges effectively.