Significant setbacks in the reopening of the global economy or reinstatement of lockdowns or other restrictions as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may adversely impact our performance and results of operations. The emergence of COVID-19 variants and related surges in COVID-19 cases have contributed to certain setbacks to reopening and could trigger the reinstatement of restrictions, including mandatory business shut-downs, travel restrictions, reduced business operations, and social distancing requirements. The longer the pandemic impacts activity levels in the locations and sectors in which we and our portfolio companies operate, the more likely it is to have a sustained, material impact on the economy and on us. The proliferation of remote working may result in long-term changed market and consumer practices that could negatively impact us and our business. Increased adoption of and familiarity with remote work practices could result in continued decreased demand for business and leisure travel, hotel stays, and conference facilities. Failure of our investment strategies to adapt to these and other changes could adversely impact the returns on our investments. Adverse impacts on our business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic have included, and may in the future include, performance revenues and management fees. The emergence of COVID-19 variants and rising case counts have contributed to periods of increased remote work, including for our employees. While our technology infrastructure has supported remote work, such working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks. Our employees or executive officers may become sick or otherwise unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time, and extended public health restrictions and remote working arrangements may impact employee morale. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and prospects materially will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread, and intensity of the pandemic, the emergence of new variants of the virus, and the duration of government measures to mitigate the pandemic. Difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings, and cash flow. Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. These conditions can adversely affect our business by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our funds, and making it more difficult to fund opportunities for our funds to exist and realize value from existing investments. A failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance. The emergence of COVID-19 variants has contributed to periods of increased remote work, which may require us to develop and implement additional precautions to detect and prevent employee misconduct. Our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms, and a disaster or disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate without interruption. We have become increasingly reliant on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds and technology platforms. Cybersecurity risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The global outbreak of COVID-19 required management to make significant judgments about the ultimate adverse impact of COVID-19 on financial markets and economic conditions, which were incorporated into the valuation process.