The COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and/or financial condition. Efforts to combat the virus have been complicated by viral variants and access to, and acceptance and effectiveness of, vaccines globally. The pandemic has significantly increased economic and customer demand uncertainty, caused inflationary pressure, and led to volatility in customer demand for the company's products and services. Continued uncertainties related to the magnitude, duration, and persistent effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our business, including disruptions in the supply chain, labor inefficiencies, and increased logistics costs. We continue to develop and modify contingency plans to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet increasing customer demand. We have proactively redirected components and altered our assembly processes to mitigate these challenges. The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce, and market quality products that meet our customers' needs, which is dependent on maintaining key dealer relationships and producing products that meet quality, performance, and price expectations. Our continued success relies on leading-edge innovation and the availability and effectiveness of legal protection for our innovations. The demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical and can be significantly reduced in periods of economic weakness characterized by lower levels of government and business investment, lower levels of business confidence, and lower consumer spending. A prolonged period of economic weakness may also result in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. Our business is also subject to operational risks, including the ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We face risks related to the inventory management decisions and sourcing practices of our dealers and OEM customers, which can impact our results positively or negatively. Unexpected events, including natural disasters and pandemics, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, leading to disruption in the supply of component products and delays in the transport of our products. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems, which pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. The potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations, and financial condition. We continuously assess the environment and take appropriate actions in response to rising costs and market conditions, which reflects our commitment to operational flexibility and resilience strategies. Our ability to maintain a strong financial position in support of our operational requirements is critical for navigating uncertainties and sustaining performance under pressure.