As a large global health services company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition, or the trading price of our securities. Our future performance will depend in large part on our ability to effectively implement and execute our strategic and operational initiatives. Successfully executing on these initiatives depends on our ability to differentiate our products, develop innovative solutions, grow and support our product portfolio, and manage our medical, pharmacy, administrative, and other operating costs effectively. For our strategic initiatives to succeed, we must effectively collaborate across our operations, integrate our acquired businesses, and promote a global mindset along with a focus on individual customers and clients. If we fail to adapt to changes in the industry, our competitive position could be negatively impacted. The scale, scope, and duration of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continue to be unknown, and its overall impact on our business remains uncertain. The pandemic has adversely affected global economies and financial markets, and we may experience disruptions to our business operations. Our failure to respond appropriately to the pandemic could result in damage to our reputation. We believe the adverse impact of COVID-19 on our business will be driven primarily by the severity and duration of the pandemic, including the impact of vaccination programs and the potential for future deferral of care. We must remain competitive to attract new customers, retain existing customers, and further integrate additional product and service offerings. Our success depends on our ability to anticipate risks and manage challenges effectively. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers is key to our strategic focus. Establishing collaborative arrangements with physician groups and health care delivery systems is essential to transition from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based health care system. We must also continue to invest in technology that supports innovative solutions for our customers and enhances the customer experience. Our business depends on maintaining effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers. We have adopted business continuity and disaster recovery plans; however, there is no guarantee that such plans will be effective. Our ability to provide services or products depends on the availability of services and products provided by suppliers, providers, and pharmaceutical manufacturers. A disruption in our supply chain could adversely impact our business. We are subject to various risks, including those related to litigation, regulatory audits, and investigations, which could result in significant penalties or restrictions on our ability to participate in government programs. Our participation in government-sponsored programs depends on annual funding from the federal government or applicable state or local governments, and any unanticipated changes in funding could substantially reduce our revenues and profitability. Our business is subject to substantial government regulation, and changes in laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are also exposed to economic and market conditions that could negatively impact our clients and customers, as well as our financial performance. Our ability to effectively manage these risks and uncertainties is critical to our organizational resilience and long-term success.