Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic, and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and our failure to maintain compliance with regulations could result in the loss of customers. We believe that our interest rate product line could continue to be negatively impacted by a return to a zero interest rate policy. The shifts in market trading patterns we experienced as a result of the financial crisis of 2008 may or may not recur in the future, and our business will be affected by future economic uncertainties. We continue to maintain high quality and diverse products as well as various clearing and market data services, which support our customers in any economic environment. Our strategic business plan for our futures and options business is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing, and settlement business. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber-security risks. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks and security risks through administrative, physical, and technical safeguards. Our technology, our people, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to targeted attacks, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers' data or cause interruptions in our operations. We have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans, and established backup sites to provide operational resiliency. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption in the international and U.S. economies and financial markets. Given the unique and unpredictable nature of this event, future impacts to our business are unknown and could be material. We have experienced cyber attacks of varying degrees in the past. Our technology, our people, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber-security threats. We cannot assure that we will not experience system failures from power or telecommunications failures, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error, or other similar occurrences. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute, and monitor a large number of transactions efficiently and uninterruptedly. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology and communications systems. We cannot assure that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume and order messaging traffic without failure or degradation of performance or speed. We face intense competition from other companies, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition, and operating results will be materially harmed. We may not be successful in implementing all of the processes that are necessary to support our growth organically or through acquisitions. Our growth strategy may subject us to increased legal, compliance, and regulatory obligations. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our success also depends on our ability to offer competitive prices and services in an increasingly price-sensitive business. We may experience difficulties in the development and expansion of the business of any newly formed ventures, in the exercise of influence over the activities of any ventures in which we do not have a controlling interest, as well as encounter potential conflicts with our joint venture or alliance partners.