Item 1A. Risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation, and enforcement of increasingly stringent and fragmented emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost overruns, and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. We operate our business on a global basis and changes in international, national, and regional trade laws, regulations, and policies affecting and/or restricting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position. We manufacture, sell, and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems, and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. Changes in laws, regulations, and government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-U.S. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products, and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. Our business benefits from free trade agreements, and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, could limit our ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets. We are experiencing supply chain disruptions and related challenges throughout the supply chain. We single source a significant number of parts and raw materials critical to our business operations. Any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. Delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers, including the COVID-19 pandemic, capacity constraints, port congestion, labor disputes, economic downturns, and natural disasters. We face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand. Our markets are cyclical in nature, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately adjust our manufacturing capacity in response to significant changes in customer demand, which could harm our business. We depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel as a critical part of our human capital resources. Our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train, and retain qualified individuals. We may be adversely impacted by the effects of climate change and may incur increased costs and experience other impacts due to new or more stringent greenhouse gas regulations designed to address climate change. Our information technology environment and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong, and our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets.