This section highlights significant factors, events, and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. We face risks related to our operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure. Our ability to retain and attract customers depends on our ability to develop, operate, and adapt our technology and organizational infrastructure in a rapidly changing environment. We must accurately process, record, and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions. Digital technology, data, and software development are deeply embedded into our business model and how we work. We are exposed to operational risk that can manifest itself in many ways, such as errors in execution, inadequate processes, inaccurate models, faulty or disabled technological infrastructure, malicious disruption, and fraud by employees or persons outside of our company. We also face risk of adverse customer impacts and business disruption arising from the execution of strategic initiatives we may pursue across our operations. If we do not maintain the necessary operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure to operate our business, including to maintain the resiliency and security of that infrastructure, our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to provide our products and services depends upon the management and safeguarding of information systems and infrastructure, networks, software, data engineering, technology, methodologies, and business secrets. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. In response, we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance program to fully address these expectations. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company and establishes expectations for our "three lines of defense" model, which defines the roles, responsibilities, and accountabilities for taking and managing risk across the company. We recognize that we are exposed to cyclical changes in credit quality and try to ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns. Our most important tool in this endeavor is sound underwriting. We closely monitor our portfolio and take steps to collect or work out distressed loans. We manage liquidity risk by applying our liquidity framework, which uses internal and regulatory stress testing and the evaluation of other balance sheet metrics to confirm that we maintain a fortified balance sheet that is resilient to uncertainties that may arise as a consequence of systemic, idiosyncratic, or combined liquidity events. We recognize that reputation risk is of particular concern for financial institutions and, increasingly, technology companies, in the current environment. We manage both strategic and tactical reputation issues and build our relationships with government officials, media, community and consumer advocates, customers, and other constituencies to help strengthen the reputations of both our company and industry. We monitor external market and industry developments to identify potential areas of strategic opportunity or risk. These items provide input for the development of the company's strategy led by the chief executive officer and other senior executives.