Our business, like others within the oil and gas industry, has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, some of which are managed by third-party service providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information. We face various cybersecurity threats such as attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information about our operations and our employees, and threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure. Although we have experienced occasional cybersecurity incidents, none have had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation. As cyberattacks have continued to evolve, we have become subject to new government-imposed security requirements to implement specific mitigation measures to protect against ransomware attacks and other known threats to information and operations technology. In response, we must continually expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities detected. Despite our ongoing investments in security resources, we are unable to assure that any security measures will be completely effective. If our systems and infrastructure were to be breached, we could be subject to serious negative consequences, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of counterparty trust, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, litigation exposure and legal liability or regulatory fines, penalties or intervention. In addition, we have exposure to cybersecurity incidents and the negative impacts of such incidents related to our data and proprietary information housed on third-party IT systems. Any of these could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Although we have business continuity plans in place, our operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our systems and infrastructure that support our business. While we continue to evolve and modify our business continuity plans, there can be no assurance that they will be completely effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts. Our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all resulting losses, and the cost to obtain adequate coverage may increase for us in the future. Our view is that a successful business strategy in the exploration and production industry must be resilient in lower price environments while also retaining upside during periods of higher prices. We strive to maintain balance sheet strength, provide peer-leading distributions, make disciplined investments, and deliver ESG excellence, all of which are in service to delivering competitive financial returns. A strong balance sheet is a strategic asset that provides flexibility through price cycles. We have committed to reducing gross debt by $5 billion over the next five years, which will reduce interest expense and provide resilience in periods of volatility. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the financial principles that underpin our value proposition. We believe that ConocoPhillips will play an essential role in meeting energy transition pathway demand, delivering superior and consistent returns on and of capital through the price cycles, and achieving our net zero ambition on operational emissions, while retaining the flexibility to successfully adapt as the future unfolds.