Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material. The anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with WBA may not be realized, and achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangements on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including the potential inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits resulting from participation in our generics purchasing services arrangement with WBA. The processes needed to achieve and maintain these initiatives and benefits are complex, costly, and time-consuming. We may lose a significant customer or GPO relationship if any existing contract with such customer or GPO expires without being extended, renewed, renegotiated, or replaced, or is terminated by the customer or GPO prior to expiration. If our operations are seriously disrupted for any reason deemed within our control, we may have an obligation to pay or credit WBA for failure to supply products. A disruption in our distribution or generic purchasing services arrangements with WBA could adversely affect our business and financial results. If the operations of WBA are seriously disrupted for any reason, whether by the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disaster, labor disruption, regulatory or governmental action, or otherwise, it could adversely affect our business and our sales and profitability. Moreover, our business may be adversely affected by any operational, financial, or regulatory difficulties that WBA experiences, including any disruptions of certain of its existing distribution facilities or retail pharmacies resulting from ongoing inspections by the DEA and/or state regulatory agencies. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our operations, supply chains, and distribution network, and we have experienced and expect to continue to experience unpredictable reductions in supply and demand for certain of our products and services. We have implemented measures designed to keep our employees safe and have protocols in place to address business continuity issues at our distribution centers and other locations, but a widespread or sustained outbreak of COVID-19 at one or more locations could disrupt our ability to service our customers. We also face risks related to a downturn in our customers' respective businesses, including the operations of our retail pharmacy and health systems customers due to COVID-19. An economic slowdown or recession related to COVID-19 may affect our customers' ability to obtain credit to finance their business on acceptable terms, which could result in reduced spending on our products and services. We continue to focus on strategies and systems, such as reducing greenhouse gas emissions and packaging waste, to address climate change. However, we face climate and environmental risks, and the occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and other severe hazards or accidents could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Any long-term disruption in our ability to service our customers from one or more distribution centers or outsourcing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We are subject to operational and logistical risks that might not be covered by insurance. Although we seek to maintain adequate insurance coverage, coverage on acceptable terms might be unavailable, or coverage might not cover our losses or may require large deductibles. Our ability to attract, engage, develop, and retain qualified and experienced employees, including key executives and other talent, is essential for us to meet our objectives. We compete with many other businesses to attract and retain employees, and competition among potential employers might result in increased salaries, benefits, or other employee-related costs, or in our failure to recruit and retain employees.