Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and our business could be harmed if any of these risks materialize. The worldwide COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse impact on our near-term revenues, principally as a result of lower auction inventories. We cannot predict how the pandemic will continue to develop or to what extent it may have longer-term unanticipated impacts on our markets, including the risk of long-term reductions in miles driven. Although we have been deemed an "essential business" and have largely been able to continue our yard operations, we have been required to make adjustments in our business processes that may reduce efficiency or increase operating expenses. We regularly monitor our operating expenses and may not be able to respond with sufficient speed to align revenues and operating expenses when necessary, which could result in a drop in our stock price. We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues, and the loss of one or more of these major sellers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Our expansion into markets outside the U.S. exposes us to risks arising from operating in international markets, and any failure to successfully integrate businesses acquired outside the U.S. could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. We continue to evaluate acquisitions and other opportunities outside of the U.S., and the integration of our respective operations may not proceed as anticipated. Our ability to manage growth depends on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities and establish new relationships with vehicle sellers. Our failure to maintain key seller relationships would have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. We anticipate our international operations will continue to subject us to a variety of risks associated with operating on an international basis, including managing and staffing foreign offices and the need to localize our product offerings. Our business is exposed to risks associated with online commerce security and credit card fraud, and despite our mitigation efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks. We have implemented certain anti-fraud measures, but a failure to adequately prevent fraudulent transactions could adversely affect our financial position. Our operations are subject to international, federal, provincial, state, and local laws and regulations regarding the protection of the environment, and we could incur substantial expenditures for preventative or remedial action. We believe that we contribute to disaster recovery and resilience in the communities we serve, as we mobilized our people and engaged with service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket vehicles in the wake of catastrophic weather events. Our ability to adapt to changing conditions and maintain operational continuity is critical to our success. We regularly evaluate our capacity in all our markets and seek to increase capacity through acquisitions, but zoning restrictions may limit our ability to expand. Our future success will depend on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage risks associated with our international operations and to maintain the integrity of our systems and infrastructure. We are subject to various risks that could materially and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position, including changes in laws and regulations, economic conditions, and the impact of technological advancements.