The company may be materially and adversely affected by a public health crisis, including a widespread epidemic or pandemic. As COVID-19 and its variant strains have spread globally, the company continues to take a variety of measures to ensure the availability of its transportation services, promote the safety and security of its employees, and support the communities in which it operates. The ongoing pandemic has resulted in greater supply chain disruption, which could impact volumes and make it more difficult for the company to serve its customers. The extent to which COVID-19 continues to impact operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. The company relies on the security, stability, and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. A successful data breach, cyber-attack, or similar incident that impacts the company's or its key third-party vendors' information technology systems could result in service interruptions, operational difficulties, and significant legal, regulatory, or financial exposure. The company may experience rail network difficulties related to unpredictable increases in demand, labor shortages, or other service disruptions in the supply chain affecting trucking, ports, handling facilities, or other railroads. Future acts of terrorism, war, or regulatory changes may cause significant disruptions in the company's operations. Severe weather or other natural occurrences could result in significant business interruptions and expenditures in excess of available insurance coverage. The company's operations may be affected by external factors such as severe weather and other natural occurrences, which could damage the rail network, render the workforce unavailable, and lead to significant business interruptions. The company faces competition from other transportation providers, and any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could negatively impact its competitive position. Global economic conditions could negatively affect demand for commodities and other freight, resulting in reduced revenues or other adverse effects on the company's cost structure and profitability. The unavailability of critical resources could adversely affect operational efficiency and the ability to meet demand. Disruption to a key railroad industry supplier could negatively affect operating efficiency and increase costs. The company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation, and investment. Technological innovations designed to detect and avoid incidents serve as an additional layer of protection for employees. Despite the operating challenges presented by global supply disruptions and the ongoing pandemic, the company remains focused on safety, service, and controlling costs. The company is committed to returning cash to shareholders and maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure to position itself for long-term, profitable growth. The company continually evaluates market and regulatory conditions that could affect its ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company has sufficient financial capacity to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and anticipated obligations, and it has access to a revolving credit facility and commercial paper program for additional liquidity. The company is also subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures, and it maintains insurance to cover some of these types of claims.