The covid-19 pandemic has created widespread disruption in the global economy and has had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial performance, as well as on the results of operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve and operate. The duration of the pandemic itself and the market and workplace disruptions it has caused, including disruptions imposed by federal, state and local actions, as well as the potential for new government regulations, and the long-term effects on the economy and our customers are uncertain and as yet unknowable. These factors, as they become more certain, could adversely affect our workforce, sales and overall business. Unexpected events could negatively impact our operations and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, severe weather conditions, natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornadoes, war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, viral pandemics such as covid-19, supply disruptions, failure of equipment or systems or changes in laws and/or regulations impacting our businesses, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. These events could result in customer disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems. We have an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. However, our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes and usage errors by our employees. Although we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of our computer systems could adversely affect our sales, could require us to make a significant investment to fix or replace them and, therefore, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. We rely extensively on computer systems, including third-party systems, to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses. Our ability to open new operating facilities depends on our ability to identify attractive locations, negotiate leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms, identify and obtain adequate utility and water sources and comply with environmental regulations, zoning laws and other similar factors. Any inability to effectively identify and manage these items may adversely affect our expansion efforts, and consequently, adversely affect our financial performance. The impact of the covid-19 pandemic is fluid and continues to evolve, and therefore, we cannot predict the extent to which our business, consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial condition or liquidity will ultimately be impacted. We believe that a key component of our success is our corporate culture, which has been imparted by management throughout our corporate organization. Our corporate culture, along with our entire operation, depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain key employees. Competitive pressures within and outside our industry may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain key employees which could adversely affect our businesses. A failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employees could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties presently not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also harm our business.