The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict and involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. The profitability of the companies' businesses is dependent on their ability to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. The companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject them to monetary penalties. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental statutes, rules, and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental control equipment, and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. The companies could face risks if there is further legislation at the federal and/or state level mandating additional limitations on greenhouse gas emissions or requiring additional efficiency improvements. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change, which can stress systems, disrupt operations, and cause service outages. The companies' operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent, and extreme weather events. Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the companies' operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, damage the reputation of the companies, and otherwise have an adverse effect on their business. The companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects, which involves significant execution risk. The companies' ability to invest the significant financial resources necessary for projects is dependent on access to financial markets in a timely and cost-effective manner. The companies' businesses are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, which could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputational damage. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies may be materially adversely affected by negative publicity or the inability of the companies to meet their stated commitments. The ability to comply with some or all of the companies' voluntary commitments may be outside of their control. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs. The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services, including technological advances and changes in consumer demand. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. The companies' operations could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of third parties.