The COVID pandemic resulted in additional risks that could materially adversely affect John Deere's business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows. The pandemic caused a global recession and significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty, leading to disruption and volatility in demand for John Deere's products and services. Current material and component shortages have limited and could continue to limit John Deere's ability to meet customer demand, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Continued uncertainties related to the magnitude, duration, and persistent effects of the COVID pandemic may significantly adversely affect the business and outlook. These uncertainties include disruptions in the supply chain, including those caused by industry capacity constraints, material availability, and global logistics delays. John Deere actively monitors and mitigates supply chain risk, but there can be no assurance that mitigation plans will be effective to prevent disruptions that may arise from shortages of materials used in the production of products. The company relies on suppliers to acquire raw materials, components, and whole goods required to manufacture its products, and significant disruptions to the supply chain resulting from shortages can adversely affect John Deere's ability to meet commitments to customers. The company has been exposed to multiple and potentially conflicting cultural practices, business practices, and legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and are often complex and difficult to navigate, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers. John Deere's ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. The company's operations, including those outside of the United States, may also be affected by non-U.S. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-U.S. financial institutions and markets. The ability to understand customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand, is critical to success. John Deere's ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers' anticipated preferences is essential. The company must comply with numerous international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex and frequently changing. Compliance with these laws and regulations is costly and may further increase the cost of conducting operations. John Deere's global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations, the violation of which could expose the company to potential liabilities, increased costs, and other adverse effects. The company faces risks related to the potential loss of intellectual property through trade secret theft, infringement of patents, and trademark counterfeiting, which could have a material adverse effect on the company. John Deere's ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect its ability to execute its strategy. Disruptions to manufacturing and parts-distribution facilities through various forms of labor disputes adversely affect the company. Unfavorable weather conditions or natural calamities that reduce agricultural production and demand for agriculture and turf equipment could directly and indirectly affect John Deere's business. The physical effects attributed to climate change could further impact John Deere's facilities, suppliers, and customers. The company must continue to adapt to changing circumstances, including evolving customer preferences and regulatory requirements, to maintain operational continuity and resilience in its business strategy.