Our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by various risks, including those stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, which has reshaped the economy and consumer behavior at an unprecedented pace, magnifying systemic risks. We must remain operationally effective and manage operational and reputational risks such as fraud and cybersecurity while continuing to monitor and effectively respond to an external environment that may negatively impact the utilization or desirability of our products and services. The pandemic has required us and our third-party vendors to activate certain business continuity programs and make ongoing adjustments to operations. Our ability to design and implement new products, services, or features may be adversely impacted if we become less effective due to the operational changes necessitated by the rapid shift in employee location. We have managed the risk of COVID-19 by giving all non-essential employees the choice to work from home or to come into our physical locations with appropriate health and safety measures. As we continue to adapt to this new way of working, our reliance on third-party service providers has increased, which may introduce additional vulnerabilities to our operations and information security programs. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting economic contraction has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our businesses, results of operations, and financial condition. The depth and duration of this economic contraction is unknown and currently unpredictable. The measures implemented to contain the pandemic have had a material adverse effect on our sales volume, credit card loan growth, interchange revenue, and network-to-network volume. We must effectively manage our desire to grow our loan portfolio against the risk that those loans will not be repaid while ensuring that we manage the underlying cost of the funds we use to make those loans. The ultimate effect of the programs we have put in place to assist affected borrowers during the initial onset of the pandemic will not be known for some time. Our financial and economic models may be unable to accurately predict and respond to the impact of the economic contraction or lasting changes to consumer behaviors, which may limit our ability to manage credit risk and avoid higher charge-off rates. We have implemented various strategies to mitigate risks, including tightening credit standards for new accounts and for growing existing accounts across all products in our loan portfolio. Our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by household, business, economic, and market conditions that may be difficult to predict. The occurrence of events that result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions or an inability to delay the accumulation of principal collections would materially adversely affect our liquidity. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations, and other short-term and long-term borrowings. Our ability to manage liquidity effectively is critical to our organizational resilience, particularly in the face of external pressures and disruptions.