The homebuilding, lot development, and rental housing industries are cyclical and affected by changes in economic, real estate, or other conditions that could adversely affect our business or financial results. Adverse changes in these general and local economic conditions or deterioration in the broader economy would cause a negative impact on our business and financial results and increase the risk for asset impairments and write-offs. Deployments of U.S. military personnel to foreign regions, terrorist attacks, or domestic and international instability may cause an economic slowdown in the markets where we operate, which could adversely affect our business. We believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility, and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. Our strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to maximize the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions and make opportunistic strategic investments. We have slowed our home sales pace to more closely align with our production levels, and we are selling homes later in the construction cycle when we have more certainty regarding the home close date for our homebuyers. We expect to continue restricting the pace of our sales orders in many of our communities in the near term to match our production levels. Our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, and support other general corporate and operational needs. Our operating strategy includes developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. We are also focused on managing our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our financial services operations are subject to extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies. The competitive conditions in these industries can negatively affect our sales volumes, selling prices, leased occupancy levels, rental rates, and incentive levels, reduce our profit margins, and cause the value of our inventory or other assets to be impaired. We cannot make any assurances that our growth strategies, acquisitions, or investments will be successful or will not expose us to additional risks or other negative consequences. We have established reserves for estimated losses and future repurchase obligations for mortgage loans we have sold; however, actual future obligations related to these mortgages could differ significantly from our current estimated amounts. We believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position.