The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, certain elements of our business and our financial statements. The global spread of COVID-19 has led to unprecedented restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, our communities, and governments are taking to mitigate the spread. The direct impact of COVID-19 and the preventive measures implemented have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, certain elements of our company, including our operations, commercial organizations, supply chains, and distribution systems. The actions taken in response to any improvements in conditions may vary widely by geography and line of business and will likely be made with incomplete information, posing the risk that such actions may prove to be premature, incorrect, or insufficient. The company has activated its business continuity plans as a result of this pandemic, including steps to help keep our workforce healthy and safe, and is assessing and updating those plans on an ongoing basis. The company’s businesses have modified certain of their respective business practices and expects to take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as determined to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, and other business partners. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources, particularly in high-growth markets, in order to be responsive to customers throughout the world and improve operational efficiency. The company continues to actively monitor the pandemic and has taken steps to identify and seek to mitigate the adverse impacts on, and risks to, the company posed by the spread of COVID-19 and the governmental and community responses thereto. The company has developed and is implementing return-to-workplace protocols designed to help ensure the health and safety of its employees, customers, and business partners. The company’s ability to satisfy COVID-19 related demand will depend in part upon the expansion of our production capacity in these areas. The company’s businesses rely on relationships with collaborative partners and other third parties for development, supply, and marketing of certain products, potential products, and technologies, and such collaborative partners could fail to perform sufficiently. The company’s growth strategy depends in part on its ability to further penetrate markets outside the U.S. and increase the localization of its products and services. The company’s operations, products, and services are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state, local, and non-U.S. environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, and failure to comply with any of these laws can result in civil and criminal penalties and damage to our reputation. The company’s individual businesses monitor key competitors and customers to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future. The company’s geographic and industry diversity, as well as the range of its products and services, help limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company’s long-term growth and profitability will depend on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, and develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins.