For an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance, including the adverse impact of COVID-19 on our businesses, which will continue for an unknown length of time and may continue to impact certain of our key sources of revenue. The company has experienced significant disruptions in the production and availability of content, and operations resumed, generally at reduced capacity, at various points since May 2020. We have taken a number of mitigation efforts in response to the impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses, including suspending certain capital projects, reducing certain discretionary expenditures, and furloughing over half of our employees. Such mitigation measures have resulted in the delay or suspension of certain projects in which we have invested, particularly at our parks and resorts and studio operations. The company may take additional mitigation actions in the future, such as raising additional financing or further suspending capital spending. The impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses will continue for an unknown length of time, and the reopening or closure of our businesses is dependent on applicable government requirements, which vary by location and are subject to ongoing changes. The company has incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to address government regulations and the safety of our employees, guests, and talent. These costs have been significant and will be dictated by the timing and scope of the resumption of our operations. The company has also experienced reduced numbers of reservations at our hotels and cruises, increased returns and refunds, and customer requests for payment deferrals. The negative economic consequences of COVID-19 may be particularly challenging in markets where individuals and local businesses have limited access to government-supported safety nets, which could lead to political instability and unrest, further depressing demand for our products and services over a longer timeframe. The company’s financial risks may be exacerbated by a number of factors, including the timing of customer deposit refunds and liquidity issues among key customers. Our leverage ratios have increased as a result of COVID-19's impact on our financial performance, which caused certain credit rating agencies to downgrade their assessment of our credit ratings. The company has experienced significant disruptions in the production and availability of content, including the delay of key live sports programming and the suspension of most film and television production. The impacts of COVID-19 have amplified our ability to mitigate other risks discussed in our filings, and our remediation efforts may not be successful. The company’s operations could be suspended or subjected to new or reinstated limitations by government action or otherwise in the future as a result of developments related to COVID-19. The company is also subject to the risk of challenges to our copyright, trademark, and patent rights by third parties, which may result in increased costs for obtaining rights or the loss of the opportunity to earn revenue from or utilize the intellectual property that is the subject of challenged rights. The company has developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. The company’s ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining operational continuity and organizational health.