In evaluating our business, the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, should be carefully considered. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to prevent its spread are adversely affecting our business in a number of ways, and we are unable to predict the full extent of those impacts on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations, but the impact could be material. Factors that could negatively impact our ability to operate successfully include increased estimation uncertainty on our claims liability due to the impact of COVID-19 on healthcare utilization and medical claims submission, disruptions in our normal business operations due to disruptions in public and private infrastructure, and loss of functionality due to the disruption of services provided to us by third-party vendors. We continue to offer our members expanded benefit coverage, such as providing coverage for COVID-19 testing and vaccine administration, and governmental action has required us to provide additional coverage. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and the full extent of its impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and underwriting criteria. We face pressure to contain premium rates, and our customers may renegotiate their contracts to seek to contain their costs or may move to a competitor to obtain more favorable premiums. We have been subject to litigation and governmental investigations related to cyber-attacks and security breaches, which could divert the attention of management from the operation of our business, result in reputational damage, and have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We have contingency plans and insurance coverage for potential liabilities of this nature, but they may not be sufficient to cover all claims and liabilities. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. Failure to adequately implement and maintain effective and efficient information systems could result in investigations, audits, fines, and penalties, competitive and cost disadvantages, and a diversion of management's time. Our ability to develop, implement, price, and support new and existing products and services depends on the integrity of the data we rely upon to run our business. Large-scale medical emergencies, natural disasters, and global climate change may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We will continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and medical cost trends. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments, and funds available under our senior revolving credit facilities will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.