The company's risk factors set forth below are not the only risks facing the company, as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to management may materially, adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, or operating results. We operate in businesses that are subject to competitive pressures that could affect prices or demand for our products. Our businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive and potentially volatile, and we compete on the basis of product performance, quality, service, and/or price across the industries and markets served. A significant element of our competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. Our operating results depend in part on continued successful research, development, and marketing of new and/or improved products and services. We must anticipate and respond to market and technological changes driven by broader trends such as decarbonization and electrification efforts in response to climate change. We may not adequately innovate or position our businesses for the adoption of technologies such as battery storage solutions or carbon capture and sequestration. Our operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the United States and are subject to increased risks of disrupted production, causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. Our manufacturing facilities abroad are dependent on the stability of governments and business conditions and may be more susceptible to changes in laws, policies, and regulations in host countries. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could delay the receipt of certain regulatory approvals and impact our ability to meet customer demand. Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our management and key employees, and the failure to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely affect our ability to succeed. Security and/or data privacy breaches could adversely affect our business, as our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to various factors. The company relies on information technology networks and systems to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, and disruptions could have an adverse effect on our operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, and increased cybersecurity protection costs. The company has adopted certain voluntary targets to address environmental concerns, and increased public awareness regarding climate change may result in more international, federal, and state requirements that could negatively impact the company's business. The company maintains a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve strategic objectives and has been successful in efficiently deploying cash to fund operations and sustain long-term growth. The company expects fiscal 2022 to be characterized by strong underlying demand, and operational challenges are expected to continue through the first half of the year. The company anticipates that price-cost will turn to a tailwind during the second half. The planned combination of two of our industrial software businesses with Aspen Technology may not achieve the intended benefits, and unforeseen developments could delay the proposed transaction. The company is subject to litigation and environmental regulations that could adversely impact our operating results, and we are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, which could impose significant operational restrictions.