The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have continuously monitored our global operations as the pandemic has spread and have implemented procedures focusing on the health and safety of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, as well as the continuity of our business offerings. We activated our business continuity and pandemic plans, and while our business operations have continued without interruption and our IBX data centers have remained fully operational, we cannot guarantee that they will not be negatively impacted in the future. We have implemented processes to limit and schedule access to certain IBX data centers based on infection rates and case counts, as well as social distancing and hygiene protocols. These proactive actions may result in business delays, operational disruption, and customer dissatisfaction. Employee illnesses resulting from the pandemic could lead to further inefficiencies or delays, and a suspected or confirmed case in an IBX data center could require temporary closure for cleaning. The pandemic has contributed to global supply chain disruptions, including the supply of construction materials, which could interfere with our ability to meet commitments to customers who have contracted for space in new IBX data centers under construction. We are also reliant on third-party construction labor, which may not be accessible due to the pandemic. We have invested in creating a material inventory to mitigate global increases in raw materials, energy, and labor prices, but ongoing delays and high inflation could affect our business and growth. We have experienced an information technology security breach in the past and may be vulnerable to future breaches, which could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business results. Our teams responded quickly to address the incident, and our IBX data centers and service offerings remained fully operational during the attack. However, we continue to face risks associated with unauthorized access to our computer systems and other malicious activities. Many of our non-IBX employees are working from home, potentially exposing us to new security risks. Our adaptation to a hybrid working model could continue to expose us to new security risks. We maintain disaster recovery and business continuity plans that would be implemented in the event of severe weather events that interrupt our business or affect our customers' IT infrastructure. While these plans are designed to allow us to recover from natural disasters or other events, we cannot be certain that they will work as intended. The continued threat of terrorist activity and other acts of violence could adversely impact our business. The uncertain global economy could result in material churn in our customer base, reductions in revenues, and increased price competition, which could adversely affect our liquidity. Our ability to attract customers to our IBX data centers will depend on various factors, including the presence of multiple carriers, the mix of our offerings, and our ability to effectively market our offerings. We are currently making significant investments in our back-office information technology systems and processes, and difficulties from these efforts may interrupt our normal operations. The collective impact of these changes has placed significant demands on impacted employees across multiple functions, increasing the risk of errors and control deficiencies in our financial statements. Any such difficulties or disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations.