Our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We are actively seeking to expand our sales to certain categories of customers, some of whose businesses may entail heightened levels of risk. Cyber security incidents could cause us to experience operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, or suffer damage to our reputation. We have taken significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, but the possibility of cyber security incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and result in less efficient operations. Our ability to process orders and maintain proper levels of inventories is dependent on the effective operation of our information technology systems. If critical information systems fail or are unavailable, it could adversely affect our profitability and ability to grow. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees who understand and appreciate our culture. An inability to recruit and retain qualified individuals may delay the planned expansion of our various selling channels. The ongoing occurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The pandemic has created significant uncertainty, economic disruption, and volatility, all of which have impacted our business. We may be required to take significant actions to mitigate future outbreaks, which could adversely affect our operations. We believe that our growth is dependent on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers. The pandemic has made gaining access to customers more challenging due to shifts in priorities to short-term crisis management. Our competitive advantage in solutions could be eliminated if we are unable to deploy devices or if customers shift their energy to addressing short-term disruptions instead of long-term strategic planning. The ability to identify new products and integrate them into our selling locations may impact our ability to compete and generate additional sales. Our business relies on the use, validity, and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property. Changes in customer or product mix, downward pressure on sales prices, and changes in volume or timing of orders could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. The industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry is consolidating, which could negatively impact our market share, gross profit, and operating income. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and changes in foreign exchange rates could increase the cost of purchasing products and impact our foreign sales. Our ability to successfully attract and retain qualified personnel could impact labor costs and sales at existing selling locations. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that our employees will not violate such laws. Any such violations could result in fines, damage to our reputation, and loss of contracts. Our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our key executive officers and senior leadership. The ability to adequately protect our intellectual property may have an adverse impact on operations. The ongoing audit activity and changes to the legal and regulatory environments could increase the cost of doing business. We believe that net cash provided by operating activities will be adequate to meet our liquidity and capital needs.