The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on our business and may amplify many of our other known risks. The extent of the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition will depend on various factors, including the duration and intensity of the pandemic, governmental and private sector responses, and the impact on our employees, clients, vendors, supply chain, operations, and sales. We have modified our business practices in response to the pandemic, including implementing safety protocols and requiring U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated, which may impact our productivity or effectiveness. The pandemic has created significant uncertainty regarding global economic and market conditions, and we believe we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements. However, as the impact of the pandemic evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs. Our ability to continue to service debt and meet obligations depends on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. We engage in regular communication with banks participating in our revolving credit facility, and none have indicated an inability to perform on their commitments. We have observed increasing shortages and delays in the global supply chain for components necessary to our businesses, which may affect our ability to procure those components in the future. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, and our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products will significantly affect our future success. We must anticipate and respond to these changes to remain competitive. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships, our business may be adversely affected. We have an active program to manage our credit risk and often mitigate our risk by obtaining collateral, but a default on obligations by one or more of our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our operational failures and resulting interruptions could harm our business and reputation, as our operations depend heavily on the reliability of our processing and other systems. We may not be able to successfully or quickly recover all of our critical business functions through our business continuity program. The operations and systems of many participants in the global financial system are interconnected, and a disruption for any reason could impact our ability to deliver products and services. We rely on third parties to provide products and services, and if they fail to perform adequately, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our ability to access capital markets impacts our cost of capital and our ability to refinance maturing debt. The long-term debt markets have historically provided us with a source of liquidity, and our ability to access these markets on favorable terms depends on various factors, including general market conditions and credit ratings. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients, and we believe that our sizable and diverse client base gives us a solid foundation for growth. We expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, which may impact our operational flexibility and resilience.