The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have negatively affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, leading to reduced consumer spending and lending activities, disruptions and volatility in the global capital markets. We temporarily closed the majority of our offices but are in the process of re-opening them while extending our company-wide voluntary work from home policy. Our operations may be further negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic that are not within our control. If we are not able to respond to and manage these impacts effectively, our business may be harmed to a material extent. We have increasingly focused our business strategy on investing significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on the FICO® platform, which is designed to support advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. Our business strategy is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple connectable and extensible products to clients, as well as to enable the development of custom client solutions. The COVID-19 pandemic may affect the rate of spending on our solutions and could adversely affect our customers' ability or willingness to purchase our products and services, potentially increasing payment defaults, all of which could adversely affect our future revenues. The potential for future stress and disruptions, including in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, presents considerable risks to our businesses and operations. We rely on relatively few customers for a significant portion of our revenues, and if these customers are negatively impacted by weak global economic conditions, our revenues and operating results could decline. The potential for economic disruption presents considerable risks to our business, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions with which we have substantial relationships. We have generated most of our revenue growth from our bankcard-related scoring and account management businesses by selling and cross-selling our products and services to large banks and other credit issuers. Our operations depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our data centers, information technology, and communication systems, which could be exposed to damage or interruption from various events, including pandemics. Our ability to provide reliable service in our businesses depends on these systems, and any operational failure or outage could result in loss of customers, damage to customer relationships, and reduced revenues. We pursue ongoing reengineering efforts designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. We have implemented a remote work policy which allows a portion of our workforce to partially or fully work from home. These reengineering efforts may not be successful over the long term should we fail to reduce expenses at the anticipated level or should productivity decline or employees' ability to collaborate fall as a result of the remote work policy. Our business strategy and future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain experienced personnel. The complexity of our products requires highly trained personnel for research and development and to assist customers with product installation, deployment, maintenance, and support. The labor market for these individuals is very competitive due to the limited number of people available with the necessary technical skills and understanding. Our management continuously evaluates our portfolio of businesses, and divestitures involve risks, including disruption of our operations or businesses and difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products, and personnel. If we do not successfully manage the risks associated with divestitures, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.