We have modified our business practices to allow for more hybrid schedules as to when employees need to be in the office in an attempt to meet the changes in the workplace in today's world, as well as allowing continued work from home, at least temporarily, where appropriate to accommodate others not taking the vaccine in order to provide a safe workplace. The pandemic plan includes site-specific plans as well as travel restrictions, medical response protocols, work-from-home strategies and enhanced cleaning within our locations. As a critical infrastructure provider for the global economy, FIS continues to operate around the world to serve our clients. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as we determine are in the best interests of our employees, clients and business partners. We continue to assist financial institutions in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. Our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well-positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. We believe that our current level of cash and cash equivalents plus cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund our operating cash requirements, capital expenditures and mandatory debt service payments for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. The ability of our senior management and employees to get to work has been disrupted across multiple locations, whether in their own offices or at client sites, due, among other things, to government work and travel restrictions, including mandatory shutdowns. We have extended at times during the pandemic higher-than-usual levels of credit to our merchant clients as part of funds settlement in connection with payments to their customers, for, among other things, refunds for cancelled trips and events. The level of credit extended to our merchant clients has since normalized. We are potentially exposed to losses if our merchant customers are unable to repay the credit we have extended or to fund their liability for chargebacks due to closure, insolvency, bankruptcy or other reasons. We have also completed our data center consolidation program in 2021, generating savings for the company of over $250 million in run-rate annual expense since the program's inception in mid-2016. Following the successful modernization of our IT infrastructure and consolidation of our data centers, we are now accelerating the modernization of our strategic applications and sunsetting of our redundant platforms. Our multi-year platform modernization initiative is designed to create a componentized, cloud-native set of capabilities that can be consumed by clients as end-to-end business applications or as individual components. We continue to invest in modernization, innovation and integrated solutions and services to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in accelerating digitization of banking and payment services by requiring, in many cases, banks and bank customers to transact through digital channels. We believe that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk for us, and we cannot predict which emerging technologies or solutions will be successful. However, FIS believes that payment processors, like FIS, that have scalable, integrated business models, provide solutions across the payment processing value chain and utilize broad distribution capabilities will be best positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies.