The covid-19 pandemic has impacted global economies, resulting in workforce and travel restrictions, supply chain and production disruptions, and reduced demand and spending across many sectors. These factors have had a material adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as on the operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve. Aviation has taken several actions to respond to the current adverse environment and is actively monitoring the pace of demand recovery to ensure the business is appropriately sized for the future. We continue to experience inflation pressure in our supply chain as well as delays in sourcing key materials needed for our products, which has delayed our ability to convert remaining performance obligations to revenue. In response to near-term volatility and cost pressures, we have continued to execute on structural cost reductions and cash optimization actions to invest in growth and research and development. We are committed to innovation and investing to create more integrated, efficient, and personalized precision healthcare. We have observed significant market demand for our new product platforms and blade technologies, which remain a key priority. Our renewable energy segment is positioned to lead the energy transition with products, services, and integrated solutions to grow renewable energy generation, lower the cost of electricity, and modernize the grid. The grid solutions equipment and services enable power utilities and industries worldwide to effectively manage electricity, helping to maximize the reliability, efficiency, and resiliency of the grid. We continue to invest in generating wind turbine product improvements and developing more efficient production processes for key components. The offshore wind industry continues to experience strong global market momentum, and we have received customer commitments for our offshore wind technologies. Our power segment is focused on streamlining its business to better align with market demand and drive its business units with operational rigor and discipline. We remain focused on our underwriting discipline, commercial selectivity, and risk management to ensure we are securing deals that meet our financial hurdles. The anticipated future premium increases or benefit reductions associated with future in-force rate actions are being monitored closely. We are required to maintain specified capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries under capital maintenance agreements, and we expect to provide further capital contributions through 2024. The results of our premium deficiency testing are sensitive to the assumptions used, and we will continue to monitor these factors, which may result in future changes in our assumptions. We are also evaluating the effect of new guidance on our consolidated financial statements, which will significantly change the accounting for measurements of our long-duration insurance liabilities. This new guidance requires cash flow assumptions used in the measurement of various insurance liabilities to be reviewed at least annually and updated if actual experience or other evidence indicates previous assumptions need to be revised. The ongoing impacts of the pandemic and the emergence of variants remain uncertain and may result in variability in levels of future mortality and long-term care insurance claims activity.