We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers shift resources to the development of electric vehicles (EVs). To successfully execute our long-term strategy, we must continue to develop new products and services, including products and services that are outside of our historically core internal combustion engine (ICE) business. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including EVs, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. The production and profitable sale of EVs has become increasingly important to our long-term business as we accelerate our transition to an all-electric future. Our strategy to address risks associated with climate change includes our transition to EVs, which presents additional risks, including reduced demand for, and therefore profits from, our ICE vehicles, which we plan to use to fund our growth strategy. We face risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. Our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a broad portfolio of EVs, which requires substantial investment and expense. We operate in a highly competitive industry characterized by excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share, and operating results. Our ability to maintain production is dependent upon our suppliers delivering sufficient quantities of systems, components, raw materials, and parts on time to meet our production schedules. Any disruption in our suppliers' operations could disrupt our production schedule. The ongoing global semiconductor supply shortage has had, and is continuing to have, wide-ranging effects across multiple industries, particularly the automotive industry. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to the global economy, including the automotive industry, and has had a material impact on our business. We may continue to restructure our operations in various countries and initiate additional cost reduction actions, but we may not succeed in doing so. We are engaged in many strategic business relationships, and we expect that such arrangements will continue to be an important factor in the growth and success of our business. However, there are no assurances that we will be able to identify or secure suitable business relationships in the future or that our competitors will not capitalize on such opportunities before we do. Our ability to recover costs associated with recalls or other campaigns caused by parts or components purchased from suppliers may be limited by the suppliers' financial condition. We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, changing consumer preferences, and other risks related to our transition to EVs. The international scale and footprint of our operations expose us to additional risks, including changes in government leadership, political uncertainty, and economic tensions between governments. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet.