The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly affected our operations and could affect our business and financial condition. Our management is focused on mitigating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has required and will continue to require a substantial investment of time and resources across our enterprise. We have been working with federal, state, and local health authorities to respond to COVID-19 cases in the markets we serve and continue to take and support measures to try to limit the spread of the virus and to mitigate the burden on the health care system. We expect to continue to incur additional costs, which may be significant, as we implement operational changes in response to this pandemic. Despite considerable efforts to source vital supplies, we have experienced and may continue to experience supply chain disruptions, including delays and price increases in equipment, pharmaceuticals, and medical supplies. Continued staffing, equipment, laboratory resources, and pharmaceutical and medical supplies shortages may impact our ability to schedule, admit, and treat patients. The COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in an increased number of early retirements in our workforce. The combined impact of these factors, despite our efforts to mitigate their effect, could result in reduced employee morale and increased exposure to labor unrest, work stoppages, or other workforce disruptions. We have disaster plans in place and operate pursuant to infectious disease protocols, but the potential emergence of a pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak, as well as the public's and the government's response, is difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by competition for staffing, the shortage of experienced nurses and other health care professionals, and labor union activity. The COVID-19 pandemic has exacerbated workforce competition and shortages, and may continue to do so beyond the duration of the pandemic. We may be required to continue to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel, which could increase our labor costs. We operate in several states that have adopted mandatory nurse-staffing ratios, which could significantly affect labor costs and have an adverse impact on revenues if we are required to limit admissions to meet the required ratios. Our ability to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and diverse employee talent is vital to our success. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. The success of our hospitals depends in part on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals. We continue to face increasing competition to recruit and retain quality physicians, which may adversely affect our operating performance and growth prospects. The health care industry is highly competitive, and competition among hospitals and other health care providers for patients has intensified in recent years. Our hospitals compete with specialty hospitals and outpatient providers for market share in certain high-margin services and for quality physicians and personnel. If our competitors are better able to attract patients, make capital expenditures, and maintain modern and technologically upgraded facilities and equipment, we may experience an overall decline in patient volume. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted economic conditions in the United States, which may continue to negatively impact spending for health and human service programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. We anticipate that the federal deficit, the growing magnitude of Medicare and Medicaid expenditures, and the aging of the U.S. population will continue to place pressure on government health care programs.