Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments may affect our future operating results. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant economic instability and uncertainty, and the extent to which it will impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition is uncertain and difficult to predict. Changes to our business operations and the operations of our third-party partners have introduced security and execution risks that could cause us to experience substantial financial losses and harm our revenues and earnings. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, and we must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet the changing needs of our customers and partners. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our operational risks arise from internal and external events relating to systems, processes, and people, including potential security incidents, privacy and cybersecurity concerns, and competition for and retention of key talent. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We are also increasingly incorporating open-source software into our products, which may introduce vulnerabilities that make us susceptible to cyberattacks. Our business operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, climate change, human error, malicious attacks, and public health emergencies. The implementation of a hybrid work model will introduce new execution risks, and we may experience longer-term disruptions to our operations as we evolve our workplace model. Our continuing efforts to upgrade and expand our network security and other information systems are costly, and problems with the design or implementation of system enhancements may harm our business and our results of operations. We rely on various third-party partners in many areas of our business to deliver our offerings and operate our business, and the failure of these third parties to provide acceptable and high-quality products, services, and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers. We have also invested, and in the future, expect to invest in new business models, geographies, strategies, and initiatives. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations and inadequate return on investments. Our corporate headquarters and other critical business operations are located near major seismic faults, and in the event of a major natural or man-made disaster, our insurance coverage may not completely compensate us for our losses. We cannot predict how long any measures taken in response to the pandemic will be in place and whether we would reimplement or enhance any such measures in one or more locations. Our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends is critical, and we must continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which requires us to devote significant resources.