Widespread health developments and economic uncertainty resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We continue to monitor the situation, have actively implemented policies and procedures to address the situation, and as the pandemic continues to unfold, we may adjust our current policies and procedures as regulations or governmental orders are implemented or more information and guidance become available. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its resulting impacts on the global economy, particularly supply chain constraints and labor shortages, have led to inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing, and labor costs. We have experienced supply chain disruptions and significant inflation, which have impacted our results of operations in the current year and may continue to do so in the future. We believe we are uniquely positioned, with our broad portfolio and unmatched distribution network, to successfully navigate through this pandemic, and the steps we have taken over the course of the pandemic to strengthen our balance sheet leave us well positioned to manage our business. We actively seek to control increases in costs, but there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward cost pressure could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. A disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. Moreover, if demand increases beyond our production capabilities, we would need to either expand our capabilities internally or acquire additional capacity. Our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading, and we have programs to invest and upgrade our manufacturing, distribution, and other facilities. We rely on third parties for the construction and renovation of our facilities and manufacturing of our production equipment. If our investment and restructuring costs are higher than anticipated, or if third parties fail to complete the construction or renovation of facilities or production equipment in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected. We depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant portion of our sales, and food and beverage retailers in the U.S. have been consolidating, resulting in large, sophisticated retailers with increased buying power. These retailers are in a better position to resist our price increases and demand lower prices and more favorable trade terms. Our ability to maintain or increase prices, effectively promote our products, and respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior is critical to our organizational resilience. We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior, which could impact our financial results. Our financial performance will depend in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands and the success of our other investments and ventures. We regularly pursue productivity initiatives, which are focused on strategic opportunities in procurement, manufacturing, and logistics, as well as cost savings and tax initiatives. New ventures and investments are inherently risky and may not be successful, and we may face challenges in achieving strategic objectives and other benefits expected from such investments or ventures. The impact of COVID-19 may also exacerbate other risks discussed herein, any of which could have a material effect on us.