The COVID-19 pandemic and related ongoing impacts may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our recovery has been asynchronous, and the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will affect our results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain. The pandemic has disrupted and could continue to disrupt our global supply chain, leading to temporary disruptions in operations, delays in delivery, and production slowdowns. Continuing economic and political uncertainties may slow down or prevent the recovery of demand for our products. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand attention, including the need to adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape and the evolution of consumer preferences. We have developed systemwide knowledge-sharing routines and processes, which include the management of supply chain challenges. Throughout the pandemic, business continuity and adapting to the needs of our customers have been critical. We identified key objectives to navigate the pandemic and position us to capture growth, including winning more consumers and maintaining strong system economics. In August 2020, we announced strategic steps to transform our organizational structure to better enable us to capture growth in the fast-changing marketplace. Our company has transformed into a networked global organization designed to combine the power of scale with the deep knowledge required to win locally. The pandemic helped us realize we could be much bolder in our efforts to change. We continuously search for productivity opportunities in our business, which may become a distraction for our managers and employees and could disrupt our ongoing business operations. Our success depends on our ability to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce, as well as on our success in nurturing a culture that supports our growth. The unexpected loss of experienced and highly skilled employees could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. We strive to meet the highest standards in both product safety and product quality, and we work to ensure consistent safety and quality through strong governance and compliance with applicable regulations. Our ability to achieve our environmental, social, and governance goals is subject to risks, many of which are outside of our control. We acknowledge that we have a role to play in developing and implementing solutions related to these important challenges. Our ability to achieve our ESG goals and objectives and to accurately and transparently report our progress presents numerous operational, financial, legal, and other risks. The company believes its current liquidity position is strong and will continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to see improvements in our business as vaccines become more widely available, and we will remain flexible to adjust to uncertainties resulting from the pandemic. Our capital allocation priorities include investing wisely to support our business operations and enhancing our beverage portfolio and capabilities through disciplined acquisitions.