There are risks and uncertainties that can affect our business, including the fragmentation of local, regional, and national retailers, intense competition, and the entry of non-traditional competitors. If we do not appropriately or accurately anticipate customer preferences or fail to quickly adapt to these changing preferences, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. We are continuing to enhance the customer connection with investments in our four competitive moats - seamless, personalization, fresh, and our brands, which are designed to better serve our customers and generate customer loyalty and sustainable growth momentum. Our ecosystem monetizes the traffic and data insights generated by our retail supermarket business to create fast-growing, asset-light, and margin-rich revenue streams. We must anticipate and meet evolving customer preferences and continue to implement technology, software, and processes to conveniently and cost-effectively fulfill customer orders. Providing flexible fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex and may not meet customer preferences. Our digital business has accelerated significantly during the COVID-19 pandemic, and we must compete by offering a convenient shopping experience for our customers regardless of how they choose to shop with us. The future success of the digital business will depend on the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of fulfilling orders across our modalities. We have committed to paying fair wages and providing benefits that were collectively bargained with unions representing associates. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes, wage rates, and healthcare costs. Changes to wage regulations could impact our future financial condition. Our continued success depends on the ongoing contributions of our associates, and we must recruit, hire, develop, and retain qualified associates with a range of skills to meet the needs of our evolving business. We compete with other businesses for these associates and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. Our business is increasingly dependent on information technology systems that are complex and vital to continuing operations. If we experience difficulties maintaining or operating existing systems or implementing new systems, we could incur significant losses due to disruptions in our operations. Our technology systems are vulnerable to disruption from circumstances beyond our control, and we regularly defend against and respond to data security incidents. Cyber-attackers have targeted and accessed information stored in our systems, and we cannot be certain that our security systems will successfully defend against evolving cyber-attacks. Our cybersecurity program and continued investment in information technology systems may not effectively insulate us from potential attacks or disruptions to our business operations. We are subject to various laws and regulations that affect our business, and increased enforcement actions may alter the environment in which we operate and increase compliance costs. Weather conditions and natural disasters may disrupt our operations, interrupt product delivery, and increase costs. The long-term effects of climate change present both physical and transition risks that could affect our ability to procure goods or services required for our operations. Disruption in our global supply chain could negatively affect our business, and any future disruption or inability to find qualified vendors could adversely affect our financial condition. We expect to meet our liquidity needs with cash and temporary cash investments, cash flows from operations, and other sources of liquidity. Our current levels of cash and balance sheet leverage provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions.