The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business and operations. The focus of resources on COVID-19, widespread protective measures implemented to control the spread of COVID-19, and the resulting strain on global transportation, manufacturing, and labor markets have negatively impacted development, manufacturing, supply, distribution, and sales of our medicines. The strain on global transportation, logistics, and labor markets caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain materials resulting in changed buying patterns and constrained supply have had, and may continue to have, a number of impacts on our business, including increased costs to provide a consistent supply of our medicines where they are needed and potential disruptions in the supply of our medications. We face risks and uncertainties related to our COVID-19 therapies, including heightened regulatory scrutiny of our manufacturing practices, quality assurance, and similar regulations, restrictions on administration that limit widespread and timely access to our therapies, and risks related to handling, return, and/or refund of product after delivery by us. The unpredictable nature of pandemics has and could further negatively impact or eliminate demand for our COVID-19 therapies. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect us will depend on developments that are highly uncertain and beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, the actions taken to reduce its transmission, and the speed with which more stable economic and operating conditions resume. Should the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic, continue for a prolonged period, these risks could be exacerbated, causing further impact on our business and operations in the future. 

Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will soon lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, the introduction of new products, and business development activities to enhance our product pipeline. Regulatory agencies establish high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products and indications. Delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. 

We depend on products with intellectual property protection for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings; we have lost or soon will lose effective intellectual property protection for a number of our products, which has resulted and is likely to continue to result in rapid and severe declines in revenues. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. We engage in various forms of business development activities to enhance our product pipeline, including licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, and joint ventures. However, failures or difficulties in integrating or retaining new personnel or the operations of the businesses, products, or assets we acquire may affect our ability to realize the expected benefits of business development transactions. 

We rely on third parties, including suppliers, distributors, and collaborations with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, for selected aspects of product and clinical development, manufacturing, commercialization, and support for information technology systems. Outsourcing these functions involves risks that the third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The healthcare industry has been a target for cyber-attacks, and the failure, inadequacy, or breach of our IT systems or business processes could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights, damage our operations, customer relationships, or reputation, and result in unfavorable clinical trial results.