In 2021, we continued to experience impacts in each of our business areas related to COVID-19, primarily in increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, travel restrictions, site access and quarantine restrictions, employee absences, remote work, and adjusted work schedules. We have accelerated payments to our suppliers based on risk assessed need through the end of 2022, prioritizing small and COVID-19 impacted businesses. We recognize that our customers are resource constrained, placing considerable focus on affordability initiatives while endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner. We invest substantially in our people to ensure we have the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally in innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. Our operating cycle is primarily long-term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development, and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules. Consequently, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses, and our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government, which cannot be specifically described. The operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs. Our net sales are primarily derived from long-term contracts for products and services provided to the U.S. government as well as foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. government. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. We have ongoing combat systems programs associated with different classes of surface combatant ships for customers in Canada, Chile, and New Zealand. The F-35 program primarily consists of production contracts, sustainment activities, and new development efforts, with production expected to continue for many years. We anticipate continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the Department of Defense, congressional, and international countries' oversight and budgeting processes. Current program challenges include supplier performance, software development, the receipt of funding for contracts on a timely basis, and the ability to continue to reduce unit production costs and improve affordability. We expect to recognize approximately 38% of our backlog over the next 12 months and approximately 60% over the next 24 months as revenue, with the remainder recognized thereafter. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control. We evaluate the recoverability of our assets for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery by assessing, among other factors, U.S. government regulations, our U.S. government business base and contract mix, and our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs. We are involved in proceedings and potential proceedings relating to environmental remediation issues, which usually span many years, making estimating liabilities a matter of judgment due to uncertainties with respect to assessing the extent of contamination and changing remediation technologies.