We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of strategic initiatives. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. Our capital investments in our stores may not deliver the relevant shopping experience our customers expect. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, improve and maintain safe stores, and implement change, growth, productivity, and other strategic initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands has required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required and will continue to require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors have had to and will need to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our ability to collect, use, and share relevant customer data is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex, and operating it becomes more challenging. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we experience delays in inventory, increased delivery costs, or merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales and decreased customer confidence. The covid-19 pandemic has affected and is expected to continue to affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The impacts of the covid-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed herein. Our business and operations are subject to risks related to the long-term effects of global climate change. Our business and operations are subject to inherent climate-related risks, which are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. Our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state, or local laws and regulations. Our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the company's senior leadership, are critical to our business success. If we are unable to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates and specialists, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our results of operations could be negatively affected.