In addition to the other information in this annual report, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our business because such factors may significantly impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. Variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during periods of increasing or declining demand, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. The COVID-19 outbreak has impacted and could further impact our ability to meet the demand for our products due to production, sourcing, logistics, and other challenges resulting from quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, facility closures, workforce challenges, and travel and logistics restrictions. We must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter or year to year due to a number of factors, not all of which are in our control. We manage our expense levels based in part on our expectations of future revenues. Because our operating expenses are based in part on anticipated future revenues, a change in the timing of recognition of revenue and/or the level of gross profit from a small number of transactions can unfavorably affect operating results in a particular quarter or year. We face significant competition from multiple competitors, and with increased consolidation efforts in our industry, we may face increasing competitive pressures. We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer products that meet our customers' needs, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in product and process R&D. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success. Our ability to compete successfully depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees with the appropriate skills, experiences, and competencies. We are subject to various risks related to new, different, inconsistent, or even conflicting laws, rules, and regulations that may be enacted by legislative or executive bodies and/or regulatory agencies in the countries that we operate. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Our future success depends heavily on international sales and the management of global operations, and we are subject to various challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations. We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing facilities while we maintain business continuity plans, and our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in a limited number of locations. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping our products, which could result in the loss of business or customer trust, adversely affecting our business and operating results.