You should carefully read the following discussion of significant factors, events and uncertainties when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this annual report on form 10-K. The covid-19 pandemic has disrupted and could materially disrupt our global supply chain, operations and routes to market or those of our suppliers, their suppliers, our external manufacturing partners, distributors or other business partners. Disruptions or our failure to effectively respond to them have increased and could in the future increase product or distribution costs or cause delays in delivering or an inability to deliver products to our customers. The pandemic has also necessitated increased expenditures to secure the safety and effectiveness of our personnel and operations. We have taken a number of actions to promote the health and safety of our employees, customers and consumers, which is our first priority. We implemented enhanced protocols to provide a safe and sanitary working environment for our employees. We recognize the demand for talent and continue to actively work to safeguard, engage, attract and retain our employees. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence and creating a winning growth culture. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging of our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, our market leadership in developed and emerging markets, our deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities, and our efficiency and sustainability efforts, will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. The ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related economic effects may disrupt our global supply chain, operations and routes to market or those of our suppliers, their suppliers, our co-manufacturers, distributors or other business partners. These disruptions or our failure to effectively respond to them could increase product or distribution costs and prices and continue to negatively affect operations and results. We continue to source raw ingredients, packaging, energy and transportation and deliver our products to our customers. Costs for resources, particularly commodity and transportation costs, have continued to increase. External factors, including the pandemic, adverse weather conditions, supply chain disruptions, and transportation and labor shortages, have impacted and are expected to continue to impact our operating costs. We continue to monitor these costs and our exposure to commodity prices and hedge against input price increases, but we cannot fully hedge against all cost increases and changes in costs. We anticipate some of the supply, transportation and labor constraints and higher cost trends we experienced in 2021 will continue in 2022. We are experiencing an increasingly tight and competitive labor market and could face unforeseen challenges in the availability of labor. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base caused by covid-19 or related issues could lead to increased costs. We must hire, retain and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We could experience unplanned or increased turnover of employees with key capabilities, or fail to develop adequate succession plans for leadership positions or hire and retain a workforce with the skills and in the locations we need to operate and grow our business. We could also fail to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities that we need to continue to respond to changing consumer and customer needs and grow our business, including skills in the areas of digital commerce and marketing, data analytics, and procurement and supply chain expertise. Failure to achieve and maintain a diverse workforce and leadership team, compensate our employees competitively and fairly, maintain a safe and inclusive environment or promote the well-being of our employees could affect our reputation and also result in lower performance and an inability to retain valuable employees.