The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this form 10-K. We may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including earnings guidance and other statements contained in filings with the SEC, reports to security holders, press releases, and investor webcasts and presentations. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying estimates or assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected. The variability in pleadings in multiple jurisdictions, together with the actual experience of management in litigating claims, demonstrate that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little relevance to the ultimate outcome. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related or other litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. Altria and its subsidiaries have achieved substantial success in managing litigation; nevertheless, litigation is subject to uncertainty, and significant challenges remain. It is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks arising in part from the COVID-19 pandemic, including labor shortages, inflation, and supply chain shortages, and continues to carefully evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks. Altria remains focused on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply and distribution chains, and on economic conditions. Altria's operations have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, but it believes its tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Altria believes that the COVID-19 pandemic altered adult tobacco consumer behaviors and purchasing patterns, particularly in the earlier stages of the pandemic. Altria's tobacco operating companies and investees face various risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier, distributor, or distribution chain service provider could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its tobacco operating companies and investees. Altria's tobacco operating companies and investees rely on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors, and distribution chain service providers. A natural or man-made disaster, cyber-incident, global pandemic, or other disruption that affects the manufacturing operations of any of Altria's tobacco operating companies or investees could adversely impact the operations of the affected subsidiaries and investees. Altria continues to make appropriate investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect its information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. The failure of Altria's or its investees' information systems or service providers' or key suppliers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria, its subsidiaries, or its investees. Altria may be required to write down intangible assets, including goodwill, due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial position.