The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material and adverse effect on our business and on general economic, financial, and business conditions. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact global economic conditions, our business, and the business of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties will depend largely on future developments that remain uncertain and cannot be predicted. Additionally, the continuation of the pandemic could precipitate or aggravate other risks identified in this report, which in turn could further materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are committed to positioning our assets so that we are a leader in operational, financial, and sustainability performance and are evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio. Our goal is that each individual asset generates free cash flow back to the business and contributes to shareholder returns. We are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection, new approaches in the commercial space to be more dynamic amidst changing market conditions, and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. Our commitment to sustainability spans the environmental, social, and governance dimensions of our business, strengthening resiliency by lowering carbon intensity and conserving natural resources. We have established a target to reduce our absolute scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions by 15% below 2019 levels. The reduction target applies to our natural gas gathering and processing operations and represents an expansion of the existing target to reduce methane emissions intensity. We are increasingly dependent on the performance of our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers for the safe and effective operation of our business. Our systems are subject to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats and attacks, which can compromise our ability to operate and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data. The impacts of prior cybersecurity events have not had a material adverse effect on us, but such events can result in theft, destruction, loss, or misappropriation of confidential data, disrupt our operations, and subject us to litigation. We are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses, including scheduled and unscheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, and severe weather, which can adversely affect our operations and may result in significant damage to property and equipment. Our operations are also subject to risks arising from our operations outside the United States, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are committed to achieving operational excellence by reducing costs, improving efficiency, and driving operational improvements. The longer-term effects of various factors on refining and marketing margins are uncertain, and significant reductions in margins could require us to reduce capital expenditures and impair the carrying value of our assets. We maintain insurance coverage against many potential liabilities arising from operating hazards; however, uninsured liabilities can reduce the funds available for capital and investment spending. Our strategic actions to lay a foundation for long-term success include plans to optimize our assets and structurally lower costs. The occurrence of severe weather events or other climate conditions may adversely affect our facilities and ongoing operations, necessitating modifications to operations and incurring costs that could materially and adversely affect our business.