The company is subject to a number of risks that could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, or prospects. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure. In 2017, the company experienced a network cyber-attack that led to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance and modernize its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future, and also is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks, including incidents similar to the 2017 attack. The objective of these efforts is not only to protect against future cyber-attacks but also to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations to the greatest extent possible during any recovery period. The company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic products, and the patent rights that protect its products are of varying strengths and durations. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company is subject to increasing regulation and political action, which may affect its ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations. The company believes that climate change has the potential to negatively affect its business and results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. The company is exposed to physical risks associated with climate change, including extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels, which could disrupt the company's operations and its supply chain. The company has taken steps to increase its sales in emerging markets, but there is no guarantee that these efforts will succeed. The company's business may be adversely affected by local and global economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, and costs of raw materials and packaging. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of its key products. The company is often involved in patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or claims by third parties of infringement against the company. The company must continue to launch new products to remain competitive, and expected declines in sales of products after the loss of market exclusivity mean that its future success is dependent on its pipeline of new products. The company faces continued pricing pressure with respect to its products, which could negatively affect its sales and profit margins. The company is committed to strategic initiatives that enhance its operational flexibility and adaptability to changing market conditions, including the development of new products and the management of its supply chain. The company believes that its sources of financing will be adequate to meet its future requirements, and it continues to monitor its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce risks associated with operational disruptions.