We have established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that our policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge for us. The firm has procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, and the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law. Our risk management framework integrates diverse roles into a holistic structure, facilitating the incorporation of risk assessment into decision-making processes across the firm. The principal risks involved in our business activities include market, credit, operational, model, compliance, cybersecurity, liquidity, strategic, reputational, and conduct risk. We actively manage country risk exposure through a comprehensive risk management framework that combines credit and market fundamentals. Our obligor credit evaluation process may also identify indirect exposures, whereby an obligor has vulnerability or exposure to another country or jurisdiction. The firm monitors collateral levels against the requirements of lending agreements. The evaluation of corporate and institutional counterparties and borrowers includes assigning credit ratings, which reflect an assessment of an obligor's probability of default and loss given default. We are exposed to credit risk as a dealer in OTC derivatives, and credit risk with respect to derivative instruments arises from the possibility that a counterparty may fail to perform according to the terms of the contract. We may seek to mitigate credit risk from our lending and trading activities in multiple ways, including collateral provisions, guarantees, and hedges. The firm has established a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. Our risk appetite defines the aggregate level and types of risk that the firm is willing to accept to achieve its business objectives, taking into account the interests of clients and fiduciary duties to shareholders, as well as capital and other regulatory requirements. The firm has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, and the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law. The firm's risk management philosophy is implemented through the enterprise risk management framework, which includes independent firm-level oversight, accountability of our business divisions, and effective communication of risk matters across the firm. We have policies and procedures in place to identify, measure, monitor, escalate, mitigate, and control the principal risks involved in the activities of the institutional securities, wealth management, and investment management business segments. The firm has a comprehensive suite of risk limits and quantitative metrics to support and implement our risk appetite statement, which is reviewed and approved by the risk committee of the board on at least an annual basis.