The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant economic disruption, including volatility in the global equity markets. Our operations have been affected by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic that are not within our control, including the imposition in many jurisdictions of a wide range of restrictions on the physical movement of our employees and vendors to limit the spread of COVID-19. While we were not materially impacted in 2021, due to ongoing uncertainty related to the duration, magnitude, and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, its potential effects on our business are uncertain and difficult to predict, but may include significant failures, errors, delays, disruptions, or instability affecting our key products or services, vendors, suppliers, distributors, information technology platforms, data centers, production and delivery systems, applications, or processes. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in our attempts to mitigate any negative effects of this global pandemic on our business, including implementing our business continuity plans and processes, transitioning to remote and flexible-work models globally, proactively reducing costs intended to allow us to protect against further downside revenue risk, and investing in additional initiatives to support our long-term growth, while also focusing on maintaining liquidity and capital structure flexibility. Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including our dependence on third parties to supply data, applications, and services for our products and services, and on certain vendors to distribute our products. A refusal or failure by a key vendor to distribute our products or any loss of key outside suppliers of data, applications, or services could impair our ability to provide our clients with our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We also rely on certain third-party vendors to distribute our data to clients. Should any of our key vendors refuse to distribute our data for any reason or require that we pay them new or additional fees in connection with the distribution of our data, we would need to find alternative ways to distribute our data or lose revenue or profitability for certain products. Our products and services support the investment processes of our clients, which relate to, in the aggregate, trillions of dollars in assets. Errors or defects can exist at any point in a product's lifecycle, but are frequently found after introduction of new products or services or enhancements to existing products. If we detect any errors before we release or deliver a product or service or publish a methodology or analysis, we might have to suspend or delay the product or service release or delivery for an extended period of time while we address the problem. If undetected errors exist in our products or services, or if our products or services fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions, or similar problems, it could result in harm to our brand or reputation, significantly increased costs, lost sales, delays in commercial release, third-party claims, contractual disputes, negative publicity, delays in or loss of market acceptance of our products or services, license terminations or renegotiations, and/or unexpected expenses and diversion of resources to remedy or mitigate such errors, defects, or malfunctions. We believe that our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth. Our global operations and any future expansions may continue to place significant strain on our management and other resources, as well as subject us to additional, and in some cases unanticipated, risks and costs in connection with political, economic, legal, operational, and other issues resulting from our increased global footprint, which could materially adversely impact our businesses.