The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations, creating significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. We are closely monitoring the continuing impact of the pandemic on our industry and business, including its effect on our customers, employees, vendors, and other stakeholders. Throughout the pandemic, we have shifted to having a majority of our staff work from home, which may cause heightened cybersecurity and operational risks. We could face disruption to our business or operations if a significant number of our employees or key employees becomes ill due to the virus. Any disruption to our ability to deliver services to our clients could result in liability to our customers, regulatory fines, penalties, or other sanctions, increased operational costs, or harm to our reputation and brand. The reopening of our global offices has created additional risks and operational challenges and may require us to make investments in new workplace health and safety protocols. We have disaster recovery and business continuity plans and capabilities for critical systems and business functions to mitigate the risk of an interruption. Any interruption in our critical business functions or systems could negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. Our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of technology, computer, and communications systems. If new systems fail to operate as intended or our existing systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, and delays in the introduction of new products and services. We maintain multiple computer facilities designed to provide redundancy and back-up to reduce the risk of system disruptions. However, such systems may prove inadequate if trading volumes increase unexpectedly or other unanticipated events occur. We have programs in place to identify and minimize our exposure to vulnerabilities and work in collaboration with the technology industry to share corrective measures with our business partners. Our role in the global marketplace may place us at greater risk for a cyberattack, and our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from security breaches. Cybersecurity threats continue to increase in frequency and sophistication, and we may be required to devote significant additional resources to strengthen our cybersecurity capabilities. Our operational processes are subject to the risk of error, which may result in financial loss or reputational damage. We have instituted extensive controls to reduce the risk of error inherent in our operations; however, such risk cannot completely be eliminated. Our ability to attract and retain highly qualified and skilled professional personnel is crucial, and competition for key personnel is intense. We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, which may result in an inability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions. We rely on third parties for regulatory, data center, cloud, data storage and processing, and other services, and interruptions or delays in services from these third parties could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. Our clearinghouse operations expose us to risks, including credit or liquidity risks that may include defaults by clearing members. We are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties, and clearing agents, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations. The industries we operate in are highly competitive, and we face significant competition in our market technology, investment intelligence, and corporate platforms businesses. Our business performance is impacted by economic conditions and market factors, which are beyond our control, and adverse market conditions could reduce customer demand for our services.