The risks set forth in the following risk factors could have a materially adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Pandemics, epidemics, or endemic diseases could further impact us, our customers, our supply chain, and our operations. The magnitude and duration of a pandemic, epidemic, or endemic disease, and its impact on our customers and general economic conditions will influence the demand for our services and affect our revenues. Future pandemics, epidemics, or endemic diseases may cause similar consequences. A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations. We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of the information technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties, we could experience a service interruption or other operational difficulties. We are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks. Future events may result in more significant impacts to business operations. Such a direct or indirect cybersecurity incident could interrupt our service, cause safety failures or operational difficulties, decrease revenues, increase operating costs, impact our efficiency, damage our corporate reputation, and expose us to litigation or government investigations. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers. Deterioration in the supply chain or operations of connecting carriers could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands. Capacity constraints could negatively impact our service and operating efficiency. We could experience capacity constraints on our rail network related to increased demand for rail services, locomotive or employee shortages, severe weather, or congestion on other railroads. Significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and resources. Changes in workforce demographics, training requirements, and availability of qualified personnel could have a negative impact on our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations. Environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on properties owned by us, and we could incur environmental liabilities or costs. Severe weather and disasters have caused, and could again cause, significant business interruptions and expenditures. Shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change are expected to increase the frequency, severity, or duration of certain adverse weather conditions, which could cause more significant business interruptions that result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues. We remain committed to protecting our employees, operating safely, and providing excellent transportation service products for our customers. The ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic could lead to a reduction in cash flows from operations. We monitor and react to the evolving nature of the pandemic, governmental responses, and their impacts on our business, including employee availability. Our strategic initiatives to improve productivity and asset utilization resulted in lower compensation and benefits expenses, declines in fuel consumption, and reduced purchased services. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us.