The COVID-19 pandemic has affected adversely, and could further affect adversely, our results of operations. Uncertainty remains regarding the duration of global impacts due to COVID-19. This uncertainty could further affect adversely our results of operations by, among other things, reducing demand for the services we provide, impacting our supply chains and the availability and efficiency of our workforce, creating operational challenges and impacting our ability to access capital markets. The degree to which the pandemic further impacts our business will depend on future developments beyond our control. Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the regions in which we operate. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, which could affect adversely our business and for which we may not be adequately insured. Our operations are subject to all the risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of natural gas and NGL gathering, transportation and distribution pipelines, storage facilities and processing and fractionation facilities, which include, but are not limited to, leaks, pipeline ruptures, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes and the performance of facilities below expected levels of capacity and efficiency. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. Our operations are also subject to the risk of increased costs for insurance premiums, security or other items as a consequence of terrorist attacks. The threat of global climate change may create physical and financial risks to our business. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in more pipelines and other infrastructure to serve increased demand. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition, through decreased revenues. We may be unable to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all costs related to mitigating these physical risks. We believe we have sufficient liquidity due to our $2.5 billion credit agreement, which expires in June 2024. Our ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment and regulatory assets in our state and FERC-regulated rates is critical. The mechanical integrity of facilities and pipelines operated is essential for maintaining operational continuity. Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions. Our financial results could also be affected adversely if an individual causes our operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating our operational systems. We cannot predict the potential impact to our business resulting from additional regulations. Our ability to efficiently reduce the carbon intensity of our operations, including through the use of lower carbon power alternatives, management practices and system optimizations, is crucial for our strategic resilience. The impact of unforeseen changes in interest rates, debt and equity markets, inflation rates, economic recession and other external factors over which we have no control could affect our operational management and strategic adaptation. The results of governmental actions, administrative proceedings and litigation, regulatory actions, executive orders, rule changes and receipt of expected clearances involving any local, state or federal regulatory body could significantly influence our organizational resilience.