The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our business and the ultimate effect on our operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. The pandemic disrupted global supply chains and created significant volatility in the financial markets. Our operations may be adversely affected if significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively due to illness, quarantines, or government actions in connection with the pandemic. We implemented new workplace safety protocols and procedures in our offices and work sites to help mitigate the spread of COVID-19 amongst our workforce. We continue to monitor national, state, and local government directives where we have operations and/or offices. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business will depend on future developments, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities. Our operations and financial results could be significantly negatively impacted by our offshore operations, which are vulnerable to risks associated with hurricanes and other adverse weather conditions, geological complexities, and compliance with environmental, safety, and other laws and regulations. The occurrence of severe weather events, pandemics, and other acts of nature may negatively affect our businesses and the communities in which we operate. Any of these risks could adversely affect our ability to conduct operations or result in substantial losses due to damage to property and equipment or pollution and other environmental damage. Our financial results correlate closely to the prices we obtain for our products, particularly oil, and the prices for oil, natural gas, and chemicals fluctuate widely. If the prices of oil, natural gas, or chemicals continue to be volatile or decline, our operations, financial condition, cash flows, and ability to finance planned capital expenditures may be materially and adversely affected. We have experienced and may continue to experience adverse consequences due to political instability, nationalizations, corruption, armed conflict, and other risks in certain international operations. Our strategies include enhancing capital and operational efficiency to sustain production levels and free cash flow, reducing financial leverage while maintaining a robust liquidity position, and advancing technologies and business solutions to help drive a sustainable low-carbon future. We are focused on delivering a unique shareholder value proposition with our integrated portfolio of oil and gas, chemicals, and midstream and marketing assets. Our operational priorities include maintaining a disciplined and prudent approach to capital expenditures with a focus on high-return, short-cycle, cash-flow-generating opportunities. We have a dedicated, multidisciplinary stakeholder relations team that conducts regulatory and community outreach with respect to our permit applications and operations. Our ability to execute new business strategies effectively is crucial, especially in the context of the transition to sustainable energy and government regulation regarding the environment and climate change. We continue to develop new technology and strategies to meet our emissions goals, which exposes us to numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks. Our operational flexibility regarding our mix of short-cycle and mid-cycle projects and our knowledge and experience in CO2 separation, transportation, use, recycling, and storage position us well to support our transition to net zero and create opportunities in a low-carbon future.