Our future results of operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical and current results, and from our projections. We may not be able to keep pace with changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our products and services. The market for our products is characterized by rapid technological advancements, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, and changing industry standards. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt and respond to technological advances and technological requirements of our clients. If our systems become outdated, it may negatively impact our ability to meet performance expectations related to quality, time to market, cost and innovation relative to our competitors. We may experience software defects, undetected errors, and development delays, which could damage our relationship with clients, decrease our potential profitability and expose us to liability. Cyberattacks and security threats are a risk to our business and reputation. A cyberattack, unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption or outage, corruption of data, or theft of personal or other sensitive information, could have a material adverse effect on our business operations or that of our clients. We rely upon information technology networks, cloud-based platforms, and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to support a variety of business processes. The rapid speed of disruptive innovations involving cyberattacks, security vulnerabilities and internet disruptions enabled by new and emerging technologies may outpace our organization's ability to compete and/or manage the risk appropriately. Our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe or natural disaster, unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack, public health emergency, pandemic, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. We have a business continuity plan in place in the event of system failure due to any of these events. Our business continuity plan has been tested in the past by circumstances of severe weather and has been successful. However, these past successes are not an indicator of success in the future. If the business continuity plan is unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients. We may be adversely impacted by any failure of third-party service providers to perform their functions. We rely on a number of third-party service providers, and failure by these service providers to deliver their services in a timely manner could result in material interruptions to our operations, impact client relations, and result in significant penalties or liabilities to us. We continue to evaluate the nature and extent of changes to the market and economic conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and will assess the potential impact on our business and financial position. Our strong balance sheet and operational flexibility have allowed us to successfully manage through the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic to date while protecting our cash flow and liquidity. We are well-positioned with a broad portfolio of innovative technology and products along with our unparalleled expertise to meet the continuing needs of businesses and help them succeed and thrive as they begin to bring employees back to work and adjust to the changes of how, where, and when work gets done. We continue to bring a multifaceted response to the pandemic and deliver resources and services to help our clients respond and adapt.