The company's business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, extreme weather events, or global pandemics, may increase the company's cost of doing business or disrupt the company's or its suppliers' operations. The automotive industry is currently experiencing a semiconductor supply shortage that is having wide-ranging effects across the automotive supply chain including some of the company's suppliers. The company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events, including conducting third-party penetration tests, implementing software detection and prevention tools, event monitoring, and disaster recoverability. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access, and data loss. The company's global operations are exposed to political, economic, and other risks and events beyond its control in the countries in which the company operates. The company may be adversely affected by political instabilities, fuel shortages or interruptions in utility or transportation systems, natural calamities, wars, terrorism, and labor strikes. The covid-19 pandemic and various governmental responses to contain the outbreak continue to impact global economic activity and the company's business. The economic disruptions from the pandemic are having an adverse effect on the company's revenues and operating results. The company's workforce at a given location could be affected by a localized outbreak of covid-19, necessitating facility slowdowns or shutdowns. As a result of pandemic-related economic disruptions, if one or more of the company's suppliers could not produce needed parts or deliver at sufficient volumes to support the company's production plans or aftermarket requirements, revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. The company is increasing its investment in clean diesel and zero emissions powertrain technologies, autonomous systems, connected vehicle services, next-generation manufacturing, and distribution capabilities. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, committed bank facilities, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates and therefore contribute to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale, which reflects its ability to manage financial risks and maintain operational continuity. The company continues to focus on maintaining low past due balances, and its experience indicates the probability of not fully collecting past due accounts ranges between 30% and 70%. The company believes its various sources of liquidity, including committed bank facilities, would continue to provide it with sufficient funding resources to service its maturing debt obligations. The company has accrued the estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the company will incur such costs in the future, reflecting its commitment to managing environmental risks and maintaining operational integrity.