The successful operation of new solar or wind or upgraded generation facilities or transmission or distribution projects is subject to risks relating to supply interruptions; labor availability, work stoppages and labor disputes; weather interferences; unforeseen engineering and environmental problems, including those related to climate change; opposition from local communities, and other risks described herein. Severe weather or acts of nature, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters can stress systems, disrupt operation of our facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. These and other physical changes could result in changes in customer demand, increased costs associated with repairing and maintaining generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. The ongoing coronavirus pandemic has resulted in significant challenges, including increased political, economic, financial and insurance market instability and volatility in power and fuel markets, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations, including our ability to access capital on terms and conditions acceptable to us. We are exposed to the risk of asset and equipment failures, critical operating technology or business system failures, accidents, natural disasters, severe weather events, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage, cyberattacks, or other incidents, including pandemics that impact our ability to provide safe and reliable service to our customers and remain competitive. The success of our businesses is dependent on our ability to continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers while minimizing service disruptions. We have implemented a comprehensive set of actions to help our customers, communities and employees, and will continue to closely monitor developments and adjust as needed to ensure reliable service while protecting the safety and health of our workforce and the communities we serve. Our business plan focuses on achieving growth while controlling costs and managing the risks associated with regulatory and policy changes and fluctuating commodity prices. We continue to invest in transmission infrastructure to maintain and enhance system integrity and grid reliability, ensure system resilience in the face of continued extreme weather conditions and cyber and physical security threats, and address an aging transmission infrastructure. We are also adapting our capital investment program to improve the reliability and resiliency of our system in an environment of increasing frequency and severity of weather events. The investments made have proven effective in recent severe weather events, which did not result in the loss of any of our electric distribution substations. Our strategic initiatives include investments in clean energy programs designed to help customers increase their energy efficiency, support the expansion of electric vehicle infrastructure, and enhance grid resiliency. We are committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with our operations and have established a net zero greenhouse gas emissions goal by 2030, which includes direct emissions from our operations. Our ability to generate cash flow is dependent upon industry conditions and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value and address the interests of our multiple stakeholders, focusing on operational excellence, financial strength and disciplined investment.