This section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation, or credit ratings could be adversely affected by known or unknown risks or uncertainties. The negotiating power of managed care organizations and other private third-party payers has increased due to consolidation, which may cause us to face greater pricing pressure. Competitive product launches may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development. We cannot predict the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat diseases and conditions similar to those treated by our in-line products. Our approach to business arrangements may be informed by government and industry guidance. The discovery and development of new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. The costs of product development continue to be high, which may affect the sustainability of the R&D portfolio. Decisions made early in the development process can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy and payer reimbursement possibilities. We try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance that an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed, and desired outcome will be achieved. Our global operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, global economic conditions, changes in intellectual property legal protections, trade regulations, and impacts of political or civil unrest. We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts that could impact our business. If trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales, increased costs, and volatility in foreign exchange rates. We operate in many countries and transact in over 100 different currencies, which can impact our revenues, costs, and expenses. The covid-19 pandemic has presented a number of risks and challenges for our business, including manufacturing disruptions, supply chain disruptions, and decreased product demand. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact, including active supplier management and qualification of additional suppliers. Our clinical trials progressed through innovation, such as decentralized visits to accommodate participants' ability to maintain scheduled visits. We have adapted our promotional platform by amplifying our digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers. We are also taking a hybrid approach of virtual and in-person engagements and have seen customer response to both approaches. The pandemic may also affect our business, operations, or financial condition in ways that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider as presenting significant risks. If we experience significant disruption in our manufacturing or supply chains or significant disruptions in clinical trials or other operations, we could experience a material adverse impact on our business, operations, and financial condition.