The novel coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic has disrupted our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, mandatory and voluntary facility closures in certain jurisdictions in which we operate. Furthermore, several of our customers temporarily suspended their operations, and we have experienced less demand for our products. Disruptions to our customers in the aerospace industry, which is facing diminished demand, have been and may continue to be challenging. Additionally, the COVID-19 outbreak has, and could further, disrupt our supply chain. Facility closures or other restrictions, as well as supply chain disruptions, could materially adversely affect our ability to adequately staff, supply, or otherwise maintain our operations. We have modified, and may further modify, our business practices in response to the risks and negative impacts associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will be temporary or successful. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and its ultimate duration, severity, and disruption to our business, customers, and supply chain cannot be accurately forecasted at this time. Should such disruption continue for an extended period, the adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be more severe than previously anticipated. We regularly execute organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures, and realignments to support our growth and cost management strategies. We also engage in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies, and cash flow and to reduce costs. The company commits significant resources to identify, develop, and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. If we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings, as well as our results of operations and financial condition, could be materially adversely affected. The disruption within the aerospace industry due to the COVID-19 pandemic has been significant, and we have taken actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the aerospace systems segment. We anticipate that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2021 will increase operating income for 2022 by approximately two percent. The simplification initiative is aimed at reducing organizational and process complexity and is being implemented by operating units around the world. The company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, and entering into joint ventures, which we believe will enhance our operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities, or that we will be able to acquire such businesses or enter into such joint ventures on acceptable terms. Our future success depends, in part, on the ability to manage this expanded business, which may pose or has posed substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of the expanded global operations and new manufacturing processes and products, and the associated costs and complexity. The company remains in a stable overall capital resources and liquidity position that is adequate to meet its projected needs. We continue to actively monitor our liquidity position and working capital needs and prioritize capital expenditures related to safety and strategic investments.