We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance risk-taking with revenue generation and profitability. The COVID-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect on our overall business and financial performance, with significant impacts on economic and financial conditions, our customers, and our employees. While many of the impacts have subsided, future developments may lead to reimposed or new responsive measures that could increase the negative economic impacts of the pandemic. Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions, and we operate in a highly competitive environment where our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers and talented employees. We are subject to operational risks as a result of our dependence on the effectiveness and integrity of our employees and on third-party vendors, service providers, and other counterparties over whom we do not have direct control. We have taken and may continue to take steps beyond or in addition to those required by governmental or regulatory minimums, which may further adversely impact our profitability. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of occurrences such as disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, and civil unrest is dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning, including our ability to anticipate the nature of any such event that might occur. We design our risk governance framework and risk management processes to help manage these risks, ensuring that we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations under both normal and stressful circumstances. Our enterprise risk management framework consists of core components that provide executive management and the board of directors with an aggregate view of significant risks impacting the organization. We seek to ensure that our overall enterprise strategy is within acceptable risk parameters through our risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning, and stress testing processes. Our risk appetite represents the organization's desired enterprise risk position, set within our capital-based risk and liquidity capacity to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans. We monitor liquidity through a series of early warning indicators that may indicate a potential market or PNC-specific liquidity stress event. Our ability to manage credit risk effectively relies on forecasts of future overall economic conditions, which are inherently imperfect. We are exposed to increased credit risk if we fail to evaluate properly the likely ability of a borrower to repay a loan. Our credit risk management employs a governance, policy, and monitoring framework for environmental and social risk topics, including the impacts of climate change. We continue to evaluate and monitor our entire commercial portfolio for elevated levels of credit risk, particularly in sectors that have been most impacted by the effects of the pandemic. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk, enabling us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our risk appetite. We rely on our employees to design, manage, and operate our systems and controls to assure that we properly enter into, record, and manage processes, transactions, and other relationships with customers, suppliers, and other parties.