The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic resulted in a significant decrease in demand for many of our products and has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and outbreaks of epidemics, pandemics, or contagious diseases, such as COVID-19. The negative financial impact to our results cannot be reasonably estimated and could be material. Factors that will influence the impact on our business and operations include the duration and extent of the pandemic, including the virulence and spread of different strains of a virus and the level and timing of vaccine development and distribution across the world and their impact on economic recovery and growth. The COVID-19 pandemic or other widespread public health crises adversely affected or affects our business and financial results, which may also heighten many of the other risks that could adversely affect our business, such as risks associated with industry capacity utilization, volatility in the price and availability of raw materials, and material adverse changes in customer relationships. Our operations are subject to planned and unplanned downtime, business interruptions, and operational hazards, any of which could adversely impact our ability to operate and could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Interruptions may materially reduce productivity and thus, the profitability of operations during and after downtime, including for planned turnarounds and scheduled maintenance activities. Although we take precautions to ensure and enhance the safety of our operations and minimize the risk of disruptions, our operations are also subject to hazards inherent in chemicals, refining, and midstream businesses, such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, or other incidents, power outages, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters. The inability to operate facilities or assets due to any of these events could significantly impair our ability to manufacture, process, store, or transport products. Our operations are also affected by the price of and demand for crude oil, natural gas, and NGL, which have historically been volatile. The prices depend upon factors beyond our control, including global and local demand, production levels, imports and exports, seasonality and weather conditions, economic and political conditions domestically and internationally, and governmental regulations. Decreases in energy prices can decrease drilling activity, production rates, and investments by third parties in the development of new crude oil and natural gas reserves. Sustained periods of low prices can also cause producers to significantly curtail or limit their oil and gas drilling operations, which could substantially delay the production and delivery of volumes of crude oil, natural gas, and NGL. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations. The operation of refineries, power plants, fractionators, pipelines, terminals, and vessels is inherently subject to the risks of spills, discharges, or other inadvertent releases of petroleum or hazardous substances. We have systems in place to manage potential acute physical risks, including those that may be caused by climate change, but if any such events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. We are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate. Continuous improvement in safety, environmental stewardship, reliability, and cost efficiency is a fundamental requirement for our company and employees. We employ rigorous training and audit programs to drive ongoing improvement in both personal and process safety as we strive for zero incidents.