Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including operational hazards that can result in significant liabilities, and we may not be insured against all potential liabilities. The COVID-19 pandemic and related economic repercussions have materially affected our and our customers' businesses, and the duration and extent of the negative impact remain uncertain. Additionally, our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or incur significant costs if we cannot efficiently manage our workforce. Disruptions or failure to adequately protect our information technology systems could materially affect our business or result in harm to our reputation. Our financial results and financial condition may be adversely affected as a result of asset impairments. The regulatory environment creates both challenges and opportunities for our business, and regulatory and permitting processes continue to create uncertainty for projects and negatively impact customer spending. We believe that there are long-term growth opportunities across our industries, and we continue to have a positive long-term outlook. Utilities are continuing to invest significant capital in their electric power delivery systems, particularly through multi-year, multi-billion dollar grid modernization and reliability programs. Utilities are also executing significant initiatives to underground critical infrastructure, including additional underground transmission and distribution initiatives. The transition to a carbon-neutral economy will require sizeable long-term investment in renewable generation and related infrastructure. We believe increased battery storage can support increased renewable energy development by providing shorter-term storage of electricity from renewable energy generation. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to significantly impact global economies, and we expect continued operational challenges for portions of our operations in the future. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel, and we are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce. We continue to monitor supply chain and other logistical challenges, which could impact the timing of or demand for our services. Our revenues are influenced by fluctuations in the amount of work our customers assign us, which may vary by geographic region. The mix of revenues based on the types of services we provide in a given period will impact margins, as certain industries and services provide higher-margin opportunities. Our productivity and performance on a project can vary based on unexpected project difficulties or site conditions. We believe there are significant long-term opportunities for our services, including our capabilities with respect to instrumentation and electrical services, piping, fabrication, and storage tanks services. We have various contingent obligations that could require the use of cash or impact the collection of cash in future periods. Our capital deployment priorities include working capital to fund ongoing operating needs, capital expenditures to meet anticipated demand for our services, acquisitions and investments to facilitate long-term growth, and return of capital to stockholders. We anticipate that our future cash flows from operating activities, cash and cash equivalents on hand, existing borrowing capacity, and ability to access capital markets will provide sufficient funds to enable us to meet our cash requirements for the next twelve months and over the longer term.