The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and may continue to impact us in the future. The rapid, global spread of COVID-19 resulted in significant economic uncertainty, declines in business and consumer confidence, and a global economic slowdown. The pandemic could impact our business through delayed, reduced, or cancelled customer orders; disruptions in our supply chain; and the insolvency of key suppliers or customers. Our efforts to reopen our offices safely may not be successful and could expose our employees to health risks, resulting in disruptions among our employees. The degree to which the pandemic impacts our future business will depend on future developments, which are uncertain, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and government responses. Our industry is experiencing concentration of device share among a few companies, contributing to this trend. Political actions, including trade and national security protection policies, could limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain customers, which could significantly reduce our revenues. We spend significant resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and specifications, and these efforts may not result in purchase commitments. The loss of any significant customer or a reduction in purchases could harm our ability to sustain expected results of operations. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, particularly from their sale of premium-tier devices. The concentration of device share among a few companies may result in lower prices for our products, which could adversely affect our revenues and margins. Our growth depends on our ability to extend our technologies into new product areas and industries beyond mobile handsets. We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees, and our attempts to fully reopen our offices may not be successful. Our future growth depends on developing leading and cost-effective technologies for new product areas and industries. We may also engage in acquisitions and other strategic transactions, which could adversely affect our results of operations or fail to enhance stockholder value. Our strategic activities entail a high degree of risk and require significant capital, and investments may not become liquid for several years. We depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the procurement and manufacture of our products. If we fail to execute supply strategies that provide supply assurance, our business may be harmed. Our manufacturing operations depend on securing raw materials and other supplies in adequate quality and quantity in a timely manner. Natural disasters, health crises, and geopolitical conflicts could disrupt our operations and supply chains. We face risks associated with cybersecurity, including potential breaches of our IT systems. The market for employees in our industry is extremely competitive, and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees. Our business may suffer due to the impact of various existing, new, or amended laws, regulations, policies, or standards. We operate in a highly cyclical semiconductor industry, which is subject to significant downturns and declines in global economic conditions. Our stock price and financial results are subject to substantial fluctuations due to these dynamics.