We operate in an environment that involves a number of significant risks and uncertainties, which could affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Our business may be adversely affected by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including those impacting our manufacturing and supply chain operations, research and development efforts, commercial operations, and sales force. The pandemic has resulted in various restrictions that may negatively impact productivity, disrupt our business, and delay our clinical programs and development timelines. We rely on limited internal and contracted manufacturing and supply chain capacity, which could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our products and advance our clinical pipeline. Expanding our manufacturing capacity and establishing fill/finish capabilities will be costly, and we may be unsuccessful in doing so in a timely manner, which could delay or prevent the launch and successful commercialization of our products. Our ability to manufacture products may be impaired if any of our or our collaborators' manufacturing activities are found to infringe patents of others. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. We are dependent on our key personnel, and if we cannot recruit and retain leaders in our research, development, manufacturing, and commercial organizations, our business will be harmed. Our business activities have been, and may in the future be, challenged under federal or state healthcare laws, which may subject us to civil or criminal proceedings, investigations, or penalties. We face risks related to the personal data we collect, process, and share. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the use of hazardous materials. We are subject to ongoing requirements imposed by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities governing the labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, record-keeping, and reporting of safety and other post-marketing information. We are also subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight with respect to the products we or our collaborators commercialize. If we or our collaborators fail to maintain regulatory compliance, the applicable marketing approval may be withdrawn, which would materially harm our business. Our results of operations may suffer if we or our collaborators are unable to market our products in foreign countries or if coverage and reimbursement for our marketed products in foreign countries is limited or delayed. The commercial success of our products and product candidates is subject to significant competition, and we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for a product against any particular target. We rely on collaborations with third parties for the commercialization of some of our marketed products, and if these collaborations are terminated or breached, our ability to develop, manufacture, and commercialize certain products would be materially harmed. Our financial condition and results of operations may be materially harmed due to the need for additional funding, which may not be available to us. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, and our ability to generate profits and positive cash flow depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing our products. The degree to which future sales of our COVID-19 monoclonal antibodies will continue is highly uncertain and will depend on various factors, including the number of new COVID-19 cases and the effectiveness of our product against variants of concern.