The environmental services industry is highly competitive and includes competitors that may have greater financial and operational resources, flexibility to reduce prices or other competitive advantages that could make it difficult for us to compete effectively. Our ability to manage growth and execute our growth strategy is critical, and we may need to add administrative, managerial, and other personnel, as well as make additional investments in operations and systems. Severe weather conditions, including those brought about by climate change, could impair our financial results by causing increased costs, loss of revenue, reduced operational efficiency, or disruptions to our operations. Our operations could be adversely impacted by extreme weather events, changing weather patterns, and rising mean temperatures and sea levels, which may increase the volume of material collected or processed under our existing contracts, impede our employees' and equipment's ability to operate, disrupt our supply chain, delay the development of landfill capacity, or reduce the volume of material generated by our customers. We are committed to reducing our absolute scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 35% by 2030 among other sustainability goals, but the execution of our plans and achievement of our goals are subject to risks and uncertainties, including our ability to develop, obtain, license, or scale the innovations and technologies necessary to achieve our plans. The capital-intensive nature of our business may consume cash in excess of cash flow from operations, and our ability to remain competitive and grow largely depends on our cash flow from operations and access to capital. We may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs. We may not be able to achieve reductions in our greenhouse gas emissions and our other sustainability goals, as climate change and other sustainability matters are embedded in our core value and vision. Our business is subject to costly environmental regulations that may affect our operating margins, restrict our operations, and subject us to additional liability. We are also susceptible to increases in fuel recovery fees from our vendors and fluctuations in prices for recycled commodities that we sell to customers, which may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, we may incur liabilities or suffer losses arising from our operations or properties that resulted in harm to the environment, property, employees, or the general public. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainties, including potential adverse effects on the economy, our supply chain partners, our employees, and our customers. We have experienced an increase in certain costs of doing business as a direct result of the pandemic, including costs for additional safety equipment and hygiene products. Our ability to execute our financial strategy depends in part on our ability to maintain investment-grade ratings on our debt, and we cannot assure that we will be able to maintain these ratings in the future. The risks included here are not exhaustive, and new risk factors may emerge that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements.