The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition, and the continuing effects of the pandemic remain highly unpredictable and could adversely impact our business in the future. We have made changes in our business designed to support these efforts and protect the health and well-being of our employees and customers, which included implementing remote, alternate, and flexible work arrangements where possible, enhancing cleaning and sanitation procedures, and postponing or canceling large events. We continue to evaluate the changes we have made in our business, consider new and further changes, and work with public health, government, and other authorities to maintain our operations and support the health and well-being of our employees, customers, and their families. The necessary measures taken have resulted in additional costs and have adversely impacted our business and financial performance. We may incur additional costs and experience further adverse impacts to our business as the pandemic continues to evolve, which may be significant. We also face operational risks in connection with remote and hybrid work arrangements, including cybersecurity risks and increased vulnerability to damage or interruption from cyber attacks, security breaches, and system failures. The pandemic has severely impacted the global economy, disrupted consumer spending and global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, all of which may continue to adversely affect our business. We have experienced occasional disruptions and closures of some of our facilities and shifts in consumer behaviors and preferences, which have impacted the demand for some of our products. Our ability to predict and meet future changes in demand remains uncertain. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the pandemic on all aspects of our business, and the extent of the impact on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and financial performance will depend on numerous evolving factors, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, governmental directives, and the effectiveness of treatments and vaccines. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may also adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our business is sensitive to global and regional economic conditions, and adverse changes may reduce demand for some of our products and impair our ability to predict and meet future changes in demand. We face substantial competition in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of our products, and failure to keep pace with developments in key competitive areas may reduce our sales and adversely affect our financial performance. Additionally, we are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, compliance with which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are also subject to various environmental laws and regulations, which may impose increasingly stringent requirements and potential liabilities. The company is involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites, and we continuously assess our potential liability for these activities. The inherent uncertainties involved in these assessments may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued, which could adversely affect our financial condition.