The following discussion of risk factors contains important information for understanding our forward-looking statements. Business and operational risks demand for our products and services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by our customers. Recent oil and gas industry downturns have resulted in reduced demand for oilfield products and services and lower expenditures by our customers, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Disruptions in the political, regulatory, economic, and social environments of the countries in which we operate could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Instability and unforeseen changes in any of the markets in which we operate could result in business disruptions that may have an adverse effect on the demand for our products and services. Failure to effectively and timely address the energy transition could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and cash flows. Our long-term success depends on our ability to effectively address the energy transition, which will require adapting our technology portfolio to potentially changing government requirements and customer preferences. If we fail or are perceived to not effectively implement an energy transition strategy, our access to capital or the market for our securities could be negatively impacted. We operate in a highly competitive environment. If we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold. Our business may be adversely affected if we fail to continue developing and producing innovative technologies in response to changes in the market. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting adverse economic conditions have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The pandemic caused a significant and swift reduction in global economic activity, which significantly weakened demand for oil and gas and, in turn, for our products and services. Our operations are subject to cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are highly dependent on digital technologies and services to conduct our business. We have developed, and will continue to develop and set, goals, targets, and other objectives related to sustainability matters, including our net-zero target and our energy transition strategy. Our ability to achieve any stated goal, target, or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of our control. Severe weather, including extreme weather conditions associated with climate change, has in the past and may in the future adversely affect our operations and financial results. Our business has been, and in the future will be, affected by severe weather in areas where we operate, which could materially affect our operations and financial results. Any such extreme weather events may result in increased operating costs or decreases in revenue, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our aspirations, goals, and initiatives related to sustainability and emissions reduction expose us to numerous risks. We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for our business. Competition for the personnel necessary for our businesses intensifies as activity increases and technology evolves. This could increase our costs or have other material adverse effects on our operations.