The COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial condition. We have experienced limited hardware supply chain and logistical challenges as well as a slowdown in customer commitments in our software integrity segment. In response to the pandemic, we transitioned most of our employees in affected regions to work remotely to comply with applicable restrictions and government requirements. We are continuing to transition employees back into offices in select jurisdictions in conformity with local guidelines and regulations. Although we have been able to navigate workplace restrictions and limitations with minimal disruptions to our business operations to date, we may further modify our business practices and real estate needs in response to the risks and negative impacts caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The extent to which the pandemic impacts our business operations in future periods will depend on multiple uncertain factors, including the duration and scope of the pandemic, its overall negative impact on the global economy, and the ability to secure timely payment from customers. Continued weak economic conditions may result in impairment in the value of our tangible and intangible assets. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may also heighten many of the other risks and uncertainties described in this "risk factors" section. Uncertainty in the global economy, particularly in the semiconductor and electronics industries, may negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Economic conditions could deteriorate in the future, and future downturns could adversely affect our business. Our operations have experienced minor disruptions to date in connection with localized surges in cases, but a continued increase in COVID-19 cases could have a material adverse effect on our or our customers' businesses. We depend on a relatively small number of large customers, and consolidation among our customers could lead to fewer customers or the loss of customers, increased customer bargaining power, or reduced customer spending on software and services. Furthermore, we operate in highly competitive industries, and if we do not continue to meet our customers' demand for innovative technology at lower costs, our products may not be competitive or may become obsolete. The demand for our products and services is dynamic and depends on various factors, including demand for our customers' products, design starts, and our customers' budgetary constraints. We must successfully meet our customers' technology requirements and increase the value of our products while striving to reduce their overall costs and our own operating costs. Our growth strategy is based on maintaining and building on our leadership in our EDA products, expanding our IP offerings, driving growth in the software security and quality market, and continuing to expand our product portfolio. We have consistently grown our revenue since 2005, despite periods of global economic uncertainty, due to solid execution, leading technologies, and strong customer relationships. Our solutions help companies overcome the challenges of developing increasingly advanced electronics products while also helping them reduce their design and manufacturing costs. We will continue to consider the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations, and while no material impairment or other effects have been identified to date, there is substantial uncertainty regarding its continued effects over time.