The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The registrants expect future compliance expenditures will continue to be significant, and the impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to Southern Company or any of its subsidiaries is uncertain. The registrants have robust processes for identifying, assessing, and responding to climate-related risks, including a scenario planning process that is used to inform resource planning decisions. The Southern Company system may not be able to obtain adequate natural gas, fuel supplies, and other resources required to operate the traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power's electric generating plants. The registrants are subject to workforce factors that could affect operations, including the need to attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs. Events such as an aging workforce, increased cost or reduced supply of labor, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges. The registrants are subject to risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which could result in new or prolonged reductions in demand for energy, impairment of goodwill or long-lived assets, and further challenges to the development, construction, and operation of the registrants' facilities. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, which may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks. The Southern Company system's costs of compliance with environmental laws and satisfying related asset retirement obligations are significant, and compliance costs may result from the installation of additional environmental controls or operational changes. The registrants are also subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs, which could be impacted by the financial condition of insurance companies and an increased focus on climate issues. The registrants face the risk of physical attacks against their generation and storage facilities and the transmission and distribution infrastructure, which could negatively impact their ability to generate, transport, and deliver power. Cybersecurity threats pose a heightened risk to the Southern Company system, which operates in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated technology systems. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will detect or prevent breaches or operational incidents, which could have a material adverse effect in the future. The Southern Company system's operations are regulated by state and federal environmental agencies, and compliance with existing environmental requirements involves significant capital and operating costs. The registrants' planning processes must project many years into the future to accommodate the long lead times associated with the permitting and construction of new generation and associated transmission facilities. Inherent risk exists in predicting demand as future loads are dependent on many uncertain factors, including economic conditions and customer usage patterns. The registrants' ability to meet their respective financial obligations is dependent on the net income and cash flows of their subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay borrowed funds. The registrants are subject to risks associated with changes in energy prices and fuel costs, which could increase the cost of producing power and decrease the amount received from the sale of energy.