The ongoing novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and governmental restrictions intended to prevent its spread could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and liquidity, as well as our ability to access the capital markets, satisfy our debt service obligations, and make distributions to our shareholders. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and governments have imposed measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement and business operations. Although tenants and consumers have been adapting to the COVID-19 pandemic, such adaptations may take time, and there is no guarantee that retail will return to pre-pandemic levels even once the pandemic subsides. The financial condition and viability of our tenants, and their ability or willingness to pay rent in full, could be adversely affected by the pandemic. The increased popularity and utilization of e-commerce may also impact our ability to operate profitably. We face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies, which can occur regularly in the course of our operations. Bankruptcy filings by retailers can lead to a tenant's right to reject and terminate leases, potentially impairing our ability to collect rent. We continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations, and future tenant bankruptcies may strain our resources and impact our ability to successfully execute our re-leasing strategy. We face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably, including e-commerce and other forms of retailing. Our business currently relies predominantly on consumer demand for shopping at physical stores, and we could be materially and adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in adapting to evolving consumer purchasing habits. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant changes in the retail environment, including increased competition from online retailers and a reduction in consumer traffic at our properties. Our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations, including changes in foreign political and economic environments. We have a substantial debt burden that could affect our future operations, and disruption in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our ability to access external financing for growth and ongoing debt service requirements. Our ability to manage our business may be impacted by the extent to which our management or personnel are affected by the pandemic. We must ensure business continuity in the event our continuity of operations plan is not effective or is compromised. The risks associated with climate change could also adversely impact our operations and development projects. The occurrence of natural disasters can increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties and negatively impact tenant demand for lease space. We maintain insurance coverage against various risks, but some potential losses may not be covered. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of key personnel could adversely impact our business. The ability to adapt to changing market conditions and manage risks effectively is critical for maintaining operational flexibility and ensuring organizational resilience in the face of adversity.