When evaluating our company and its subsidiaries and any investment in our or their securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. Our ability to pay dividends and meet our debt and other obligations largely depends on cash flows from our subsidiaries and equity method investments, which in turn depend on their ability to execute their business strategies and generate cash flows in excess of their own expenditures. The inability to access capital from our subsidiaries and entities accounted for as equity method investments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects. Our businesses are subject to risks arising from their infrastructure and information systems, including potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure and systems, human error, and operational restrictions resulting from environmental requirements or governmental interventions. The covid-19 pandemic has been materially impacting communities, supply chains, economies and markets around the world since March 2020, and we continue to actively monitor its effects. Severe weather, natural disasters, and other similar events could materially adversely affect us, as our facilities and infrastructure may be damaged by such incidents, which could result in business and project development disruptions, power outages, property damage, injuries, and loss of life. We seek growth opportunities in the market organically and inorganically, including through the acquisition of, or partnerships in, operating companies, but our diligence may prove to be insufficient, and there could be difficulties in integrating acquired assets. Increasing activities and projects intended to advance new energy technologies could introduce new risks to our businesses. Our businesses are capital-intensive and rely on long-term debt to fund a significant portion of our capital expenditures. We expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $6.2 billion in 2022, primarily for transmission and distribution improvements and construction of the ECA LNG phase 1 liquefaction export project. Our operations depend on good labor relations with our employees, and any failure to negotiate and reach an agreement on labor contracts could result in strikes or other labor disruptions. We are subject to numerous governmental regulations and complex tax and accounting requirements, and the failure to obtain or maintain necessary permits could materially adversely affect us. Our businesses are facing climate change concerns and have environmental compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We have significant investments in several trusts to provide for future payments of pensions and other postretirement benefits, and changes in asset values or other factors may impact funding requirements for these plans. We continuously assess contingencies for litigation claims and other events, and actual amounts realized upon settlement may differ materially from amounts recorded. The occurrence of any of these risks could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects.