This report contains statements that are considered "forward-looking statements" based on current projections about operations, industry conditions, financial condition, and liquidity. The COVID-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected our operations, supply chain, manufacturing, product distribution, customers, and other business activities, leading to severe disruptions in the market and the global economy. Various governmental authorities and private enterprises have implemented measures to contain the pandemic, which have materially affected our operations. The pandemic could adversely impact our ability to retain key employees and ensure the continued service and availability of skilled personnel necessary to run our complex operations. The extent of the pandemic's effect on our business will depend on future developments, including the duration and intensity of the pandemic and the successful development and acceptance of vaccines. We have experienced a significant and unpredictable need to adjust our operations as market demand for certain products has shifted, which could negatively affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Our relationships with employees may be disrupted due to measures implemented in response to the pandemic, and the tightening labor market has led to increased wages offered by other employers. We may experience a prolonged impact of COVID-19 that heightens other risks described in this report. Unpredictable increases in demand for certain products have exceeded our capacity to meet such demand timely, adversely affecting customer relationships and resulting in negative publicity. The accelerated development and production of products in response to the pandemic could increase the risk of regulatory enforcement actions, product defects, or related claims. Our global operations are subject to risks and potential costs, including changes in reimbursement, regulatory requirements, and political and economic instability. We may be unable to capitalize on previous or future acquisitions, as the risks include the activities required and resources allocated to integrate new businesses. We rely extensively on information technology systems to conduct business, and cybersecurity threats pose risks to the security of our IT systems, networks, and product offerings. A security breach could impact the use of our products and the security of information stored therein. We may be exposed to significant legal expenses for product liability claims regardless of liability. Our business could be adversely impacted if we are unable to manage the risks associated with our extensive global operations effectively. We may experience inflationary increases in manufacturing costs and operating expenses, which could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. Our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to access capital markets at competitive rates despite the pandemic. We maintain debt levels that we consider appropriate after evaluating cash requirements for ongoing operations and investment plans. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs from various sources, including cash from operations and existing credit lines. The ultimate cost to resolve various legal matters may be materially different from current estimates and could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.