We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. Adverse changes in the U.S. securities markets, interest rates, and medical costs could materially increase our benefit plan costs and future funding requirements. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs. Significant adverse changes in capital markets could result in the deterioration of our defined benefit plans' funded status and result in increased contribution requirements for such plans, which could be material. Inflationary pressures on costs may impact our network construction, financial condition, or results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting mitigation measures have caused, and may continue to cause, a negative effect on our operating results. The closure or avoidance of theaters, and the interruptions in movie production and other programming caused by COVID-19 are expected to continue to impact the timing of revenues. Concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic could again result in the closure of many of our retail stores, temporarily or permanently, and deter customers from accessing our stores. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and could further cause reduced staffing levels at our call centers and field operations, resulting in delays in service. Further reductions in staffing levels could limit our ability to provide services, adversely impacting our competitive position. We may also incur significantly higher expenses attributable to infrastructure investments required to meet higher network utilization from more customers consuming bandwidth from changes in work-from-home trends. The potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, fires, and other climate-related events, could adversely affect our operations, infrastructure, and financial results. We could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate such physical effects of climate change. We are also subject to various risks arising from the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, which has resulted in volatility in the credit, currency, and equity markets. Adverse changes in global financial markets could limit our ability and our larger customers' ability to access capital or increase the cost of capital needed to fund business operations. Our international operations have increased our exposure to political instability and changes in the international economy. We must continually invest in our networks to improve our wireless and broadband services to meet increasing demand and changes in customer expectations. Our ability to respond will depend on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively. We expect to continue to deliver revenue growth in the coming years, focusing on expanding our wireless network capabilities and providing broadband offerings that allow customers to integrate their home or business fixed services with their mobile service. We are transforming our operations to be more efficient and effective, reinvesting savings into growth areas of the business. Our strategic initiatives are designed to reduce costs, streamline distribution, remove redundancies, and improve processes. We expect revenue growth from continued investment in premium content and by expanding the international reach of our services.