The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to cause an adverse impact on our employees, operations, supply chain, and distribution system, and the long-term impact on our business remains unknown. The pandemic has resulted in governments around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, "shelter in place" and "stay at home" orders, travel restrictions, and business curtailments. As a result, demand for travel declined at a rapid pace beginning in the second half of fiscal 2020 and has remained depressed compared to pre-pandemic levels. The recovery in international commercial air travel has been slower, with international travel only slightly recovered from COVID-19 pandemic lows. The company took immediate and aggressive action to minimize the spread of COVID-19 in our workplaces and reduce costs. We have been following guidance from the World Health Organization and the U.S. Center for Disease Control to protect employees and prevent the spread of the virus within all of our facilities globally. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted the global supply chain and has resulted in supply shortages and inflationary pressures for certain components and raw materials that are important to our manufacturing process. Our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our factory employees. The ability of our employees to work has been significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to COVID-19. We cannot assure that we will be able to rehire our workforce as our business continues to recover. The company has incurred restructuring costs related to the pandemic, which include costs related to actions taken to reduce our workforce to align with customer demand. These costs are not expected to recur once the pandemic has subsided. Our business focuses almost exclusively on the aerospace and defense industry, and during a prolonged period of significant market disruption, our business may be disproportionately impacted compared to peer companies that are more diversified in the industries they serve. The company believes that its diversified revenue base reduces dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining financial performance. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. The company is continuing to strategically manage its cash and cash equivalents in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and related uncertainty of the duration and impact of the pandemic on the company's business. We believe our significant cash liquidity will allow us to meet our anticipated funding requirements. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the then-current conditions of the credit markets. The company's board of directors continually monitors risks related to employee relations and succession planning, believing that the company's succession plan, together with our straightforward strategy, clear value drivers, decentralized nature, and the quality of managers running our operating units helps to mitigate these risks. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs, which may require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business. The company's ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond its control, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.