Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of Target which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our guests and team members. Negative reputational incidents could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including through lost sales, loss of new store and development opportunities, or team member retention and recruiting difficulties. We must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations and counteract developments and investments by our competitors. Our evolving retailing efforts include implementing technology, software, and processes to be able to conveniently and cost-effectively fulfill guest orders directly from any point within our system of stores and distribution centers and our vendors. Even when we are successful in meeting fulfillment expectations, if we are unable to offset increased costs of fulfilling orders outside of our traditional in-store channel with efficiencies, cost-savings, or expense reductions, our results of operations could be adversely affected. If we do not anticipate and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences, our sales and profitability could suffer. Our business depends, in part, on our ability to remodel existing stores and build new stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. Pursuing the wrong remodel or new store opportunities and any delays, cost increases, disruptions, or other uncertainties related to those opportunities could adversely affect our results of operations. We are making significant investments in technology and replenishment and fulfillment infrastructure to improve guest experiences across multiple channels, improve the speed, accuracy, and cost-efficiency of our supply chain and inventory management systems, and support our current and expected sales levels. A significant disruption in our computer systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and negatively affect our guests. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malicious attacks, security breaches, catastrophic events, and implementation errors. If our systems are damaged, disrupted, or fail to function properly or reliably, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft and impediments to our ability to manage inventories or process guest transactions, and encounter lost guest confidence. We rely extensively on computer systems throughout our business. The ongoing and evolving COVID-19 pandemic may continue to amplify the risks and uncertainties facing our business and their potential impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We have incurred significant expenses related to efforts to protect the health and well-being of our guests and team members. Our implementation of vaccine mandates may result in team member dissatisfaction or unrest, attrition of existing team members, difficulty in attracting new team members, and negative guest perceptions or experiences, which could adversely affect our reputation, sales, and results of operations. Political or financial instability, currency fluctuations, the outbreak of pandemics, labor shortages, labor unrest and activism, transport capacity and costs, inflation, port security, weather conditions, natural disasters, armed conflicts, or other events that could alter or suspend our operations are beyond our control and could materially disrupt our supply of merchandise, increase our costs, and adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to meet our changing labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as labor laws and regulations, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, benefit costs, changing demographics, and our reputation and relevance within the labor market. If we are unable to attract and retain a workforce meeting our needs, our operations, guest service levels, support functions, and competitiveness could suffer and our results of operations could be adversely affected.