The pandemic may continue to adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and operating results. The extent to which the pandemic may impact our future operational and financial performance remains uncertain and is subject to many factors outside of our control, including the timing, extent, trajectory, and duration of the pandemic. Potential negative impacts of these external factors include material adverse effects on demand for our products and services, our supply chain and sales and distribution channels, and our ability to execute strategic plans. System failures and business disruptions may prevent us from providing reliable service, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. We rely upon systems and networks to provide and support our services, and examples of risks include physical damage, power surges or outages, equipment failure, human error, unauthorized access to our IT and business systems, and supplier failures or delays. Such events could cause us to lose customers and revenue, incur expenses, suffer reputational damage, and subject us to fines, penalties, adverse actions or judgments, litigation, or governmental investigations. Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of our customers' confidential information, and unauthorized access to this information is difficult to anticipate, detect, or prevent. We have experienced a criminal cyberattack that compromised certain data of millions of our current customers, former customers, and prospective customers. We have incurred certain cyberattack-related expenses and expect to continue to incur additional expenses in future periods, including costs to remediate the attack, provide additional customer support, and enhance customer protection. We also intend to commit substantial additional resources towards cybersecurity initiatives over the next several years. The pandemic has presented additional operational and cybersecurity risks to our IT systems due to work-from-home arrangements at the company and our third-party service and equipment providers. We expect to continue to be the target of cyberattacks, data breaches, or security incidents, given the nature of our business, and any future cyberattacks may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. We face increased competition from other service providers, including from cable, wireline, and satellite providers, as industry sectors converge. Our ability to compete will depend upon continued improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, and attractive pricing. We rely on highly skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business, and our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel. The continued integration of T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses and culture could have an adverse impact on our employees. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly, and time-consuming, and may divert significant management attention and resources. We expect to incur substantial additional expenses in connection with migrating the Sprint customer base and integrating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures. The challenges in satisfying the large number of government commitments in the required time frames and the significant cumulative cost incurred in tracking, monitoring, and complying with them could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results.