The ongoing impact of COVID-19 and related risks could materially affect our results of operations, financial position, and/or liquidity. The direct and indirect consequences of COVID-19 and related economic conditions are hard to predict and may continue to emerge and evolve for some time. The company has incurred, and expects to continue to incur, claim and claim adjustment expenses in certain lines of business as a result of COVID-19. For example, constraints on the availability of medical care could complicate, delay, and/or extend treatment, which could lead to increased costs. The company may also experience elevated frequency and/or severity in liability coverages as a result of plaintiffs' lawyers generating COVID-19-related claim activity against our insureds. The intensity and duration of future phases of the pandemic and the related impact on the economy will determine the degree of any future impact on earned premiums. The company faces significant competition, including with respect to attracting and retaining employees, which could harm its ability to maintain or increase business volumes and profitability. The property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive, and the company believes that it will remain highly competitive for the foreseeable future. The competitive environment could be impacted by changes in customer preferences, including customer demand for direct distribution channels and/or greater choice, which may affect the company's ability to compete effectively. The company has focused on enhancing the strategic management of its catastrophe exposure, adding experts in data science, meteorology, geophysics, and environmental engineering to its catastrophe management organization. The company established dedicated teams for each catastrophe peril, with the goal of developing industry-leading scientific and underwriting expertise. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its proprietary modeling processes. The company expects to continue to focus its investment strategy on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration. The company's investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations, ensuring the ability to meet obligations to policyholders. The company believes that its insurance subsidiaries' future liquidity needs will be adequately met from various sources, including premiums, fees, and income received on investments. The company has established a holding company liquidity target equal to its estimated annual pre-tax interest expense and common shareholder dividends. The company believes it has a strong capital position and expects to continue to return capital not needed to support its business operations to its shareholders. The company is subject to additional risks associated with its business outside the United States, including restrictions such as price controls and capital controls, which could have an adverse effect on its business and reputation. The company faces potential exposure to mass tort claims, including claims related to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances. The company has received and continues to receive claims from policyholders who allege that they are liable for injury or damage arising out of the alleged storage, emissions, or disposal of toxic substances. The company's management believes that the reserves carried for asbestos and environmental claims are appropriately established based upon known facts, current law, and management's judgment. However, uncertainties surrounding the final resolution of these claims continue, and it is difficult to determine the ultimate exposure for asbestos and environmental claims and related litigation.