The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact health systems, businesses, governments, and customer and consumer activities, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and financial performance. The future impact on our business is primarily dependent upon the ultimate pacing, intensity, and duration of the crisis, the severity of new variants of the COVID-19 virus, and the effectiveness and extent of administration of vaccinations and treatments, factors which remain uncertain at this time. The pandemic's disruption to business activities, employment, and economic effects could continue to have material and adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We may experience an increase in medical care costs as people seek care that was deferred during the pandemic, and individuals with chronic conditions may require additional care needs resulting from missed treatments. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in some of our customers having to temporarily or permanently close or severely curtail their operations, which may continue to impact our clients, customers, health care providers, third-party vendors, and federal and state entities and programs. The enactment of emergency powers by governments could disrupt our business operations and increase the risk of shortages of necessary items. The financial results we report include estimates of costs incurred for which claims are still outstanding, and if these estimates prove inaccurate, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our business depends on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers, and health care professionals. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, price adequately our products and services, and provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. We have programs in place intended to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, but the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and are increasing in sophistication. Our facilities and services may also be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks, which could negatively affect our operations. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity in the industries in which we operate. Our success in the health care marketplace will depend on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful and relevant to health care payers, consumers, and our customers, we may not remain competitive. Our health care benefits businesses have risk-based arrangements with some physicians, hospitals, and other health care providers, which limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care provider. Failure to maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers could materially and adversely affect our business. We are dependent on our ability to attract, develop, and retain qualified employees and executives, and adverse changes to our corporate culture could harm our business operations. Our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. The health care industry is regularly subject to negative publicity, which may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets. Our businesses providing pharmacy care services face regulatory and operational risks and uncertainties that may differ from the risks of our other businesses.