As a global payments technology company, we are subject to complex and evolving regulations that govern our operations, which could limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules and require us to adopt new rules or change existing rules. Our compliance programs and policies are designed to support our compliance with a wide array of regulations and laws, and we continually enhance these programs as regulations evolve. However, we cannot guarantee that our practices will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact our business, including our ability to use our intellectual property to differentiate our products and services. Increased scrutiny and regulation of the global payments industry could harm our business by influencing or requiring us to modify our operating rules or the way in which we enforce those rules. We depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services, and thereby compete effectively in the marketplace. Our ability to maintain and enhance our brand is crucial, as our brand is globally recognized and is a key asset of our business. We believe that our clients and account holders associate our brand with acceptance, security, convenience, speed, and reliability. Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain the value of our brand and reputation of our products and services in the payments ecosystem. The ongoing effects of the coronavirus pandemic remain difficult to predict, and we are taking a phased approach to reopening our offices, with most of our employees currently working remotely. We continue to remain in close and regular contact with our employees, clients, partners, and governments globally to help them navigate these challenging times. Our revenues are dependent on the volume and number of payment transactions made by consumers, governments, and businesses whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic, political, market, health, and social events or conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions could decrease consumer and corporate confidence and reduce spending, which would have a direct impact on our revenues. We also face intense competition in our industry, and the global payments space is becoming increasingly complex, with new competitors or methods of payment emerging. Our products compete with cash, checks, electronic funds, virtual currency payments, and alternative payment providers. We may not be able to foresee or respond sufficiently to emerging risks associated with new businesses, products, services, and practices. Our financial institution clients and merchants can reassess their commitments to us at any time, and the loss of business from any one of these larger clients could harm our business and financial condition. We are involved in numerous litigation matters, investigations, and proceedings that could adversely affect our business, and the outcomes of these actions are inherently uncertain. Our ability to effectively respond to these challenges and maintain operational continuity is critical to our organizational resilience.