The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We are unable to accurately predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flows due to numerous factors that are not within our control. These factors include the duration and severity of the outbreak, including the impact of new variants; the continued deployment of vaccines and boosters; public health measures, such as business closures and stay-at-home orders; general economic disruption and uncertainty in key markets; and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on general macroeconomic conditions and the pace of recovery when the pandemic subsides. The COVID-19 pandemic has subjected our business, operations, and financial condition to a number of risks, including decreased revenues from occupancy declines and increased operational costs due to public health measures and regulations. Our operators and tenants have incurred increased operational costs as a result of the introduction of public health measures and other regulations affecting our properties, as well as additional health and safety measures adopted related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The impacts of severe cold and flu seasons or other widespread illnesses could adversely affect occupancy, which is dependent on resident demand. Our ability to timely reinvest our sale proceeds on terms acceptable to us may be limited by the ongoing effects of the pandemic, which could expose us to certain liabilities. We regularly monitor and review our rights and remedies under our management agreements with operators, considering numerous legal, contractual, regulatory, and business factors. The insolvency or bankruptcy of our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers, and other obligors may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our reliance on data and technology systems and the increasing risks of cybersecurity incidents may disrupt our business and result in the loss of confidential information. We are exposed to operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that could adversely affect our revenue and operations. The ability of our operators and tenants to comply with federal, state, province, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification, and inspection laws, regulations, and standards is critical for maintaining operational continuity. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has created a heightened risk of tenant, operator, borrower, manager, or other obligor bankruptcy or insolvency due to prolonged decreased occupancy and medical practice disruptions. We have experienced increased operational challenges and costs resulting from logistical challenges such as supply chain interruptions and restrictions on the movement of people. In response to the pandemic, we have undertaken extensive efforts to ensure the safety of our employees and residents and to provide operator and tenant support. Our investments in and acquisitions of healthcare and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations, and we may encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties. The ability to adapt to changing conditions and to manage operational flexibility is essential for maintaining organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions. We expect to continue to evaluate opportunities to finance future investments and to mitigate risks associated with our capital structure, including maintaining compliance with covenants in our debt agreements.