In an effort to keep our stockholders and the public informed about our business, we may make forward-looking statements regarding future results of operations, including projections, estimates or assumptions relating to our operational or financial performance. The company continues to be optimistic about volume recovery and overall economic recovery from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, uncertainty remains with respect to various factors that influence the pace of economic recovery, including the potential for future resurgence in transmission of COVID-19 and related business closures due to virus variants. Such conditions could have an unanticipated adverse impact on our business. Our future financial performance and success are dependent in large part upon our ability to implement our business strategy successfully, which will require effective management of our operational, financial and human resources. We may not be able to maintain cost savings achieved through optimization efforts, due to inflationary cost pressure or otherwise. The loss of volumes as a result of price increases may negatively affect our cash flows or results of operations. Our ability to make strategic acquisitions depends on our ability to identify desirable acquisition targets, negotiate advantageous transactions, fund such acquisitions on favorable terms, obtain regulatory approvals and realize the benefits we expect from those transactions. We continue to seek to divest underperforming and non-strategic assets if we cannot improve their profitability. The impacts of COVID-19 on the global economy increased rapidly, affecting our business across various customer types. The pandemic caused decreases in volumes in higher margin businesses, impacting key financial metrics. We continue to invest in our people through market wage adjustments, investments in our digital platform and training for new team members. Our operations must comply with extensive existing regulations, and changes in regulations can restrict or alter our operations, increase our operating costs, or require us to make additional capital expenditures. We are also focused on executing on our disciplined pricing programs to drive margin growth in the face of additional labor cost and inflationary pressures. We believe the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry. Our sustainability agenda includes expanding recycling and focuses on meeting or exceeding specific sustainability goals around people, customers, the environment, and community. We monitor developments to adapt our service offerings, promoting comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste. We are taking proactive steps to recover inflationary cost pressures through the price of our service and by managing our costs through efficiency, labor productivity, and investments in technology to mitigate the inflationary cost pressures we have seen in our business. Our operations require us to attract, hire, develop and retain a high-quality workforce to provide a superior customer experience. If we are not able to attract, hire, develop and retain a high-quality workforce with the necessary skills and expertise, it can result in business and strategic disruption, increased costs, and loss of institutional knowledge. Significant economic pressures, particularly related to inflationary cost pressures on labor and the goods and services we rely upon, have had a more significant impact on our cost structure and capital expenditures.