In addition to the other information set forth in this 2021 annual report, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global economy; has disrupted our and our customers', suppliers', and vendors' operations; and may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The global spread of COVID-19 has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our operations, sales, and delivery and supply chains. The spread of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities in various jurisdictions implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, and shutdowns of non-essential businesses. There is no certainty that measures taken by governmental authorities will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus, and our ability to continue to perform critical functions could be harmed. The COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to impact our supply chain as we experience disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or components of our products. Any prolonged component shortages or supply chain disruption may result in manufacturing or R&D delays and could limit our ability to meet customer demand or otherwise adversely impact our revenue. The pandemic also has and may continue to reduce demand for some of our products as a result of the negative impact it has had on our customers. Our livestock customers have been and may continue to be challenged by voluntary or mandatory facility closures, reduced packing plant capacity, travel bans and quarantines inhibiting consumption of protein and transportation of live animals, and labor shortages negatively impacting their operations. Additionally, many of our workforce continue to work remotely as a result of the pandemic. Remote working arrangements could result in additional complexity or inefficiency or increase operational risks, including, but not limited to, risks associated with information technology and systems which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting global recession on all aspects of our business across geographies, including how it has and may continue to impact our customers, workforce, suppliers, and vendors. The situation surrounding COVID-19 remains fluid, and we will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take actions that alter our business operations that we determine are in the best interests of our workforce, customers, vendors, suppliers, and other stakeholders, or as required by federal, state, or local authorities. Our business may be negatively affected by weather conditions, natural disasters, and the availability of natural resources. Weather conditions, including excessive cold or heat, natural disasters, and other events, could negatively impact our livestock customers by impairing the health or growth of their animals or the production or availability of feed. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters may also interfere with and negatively impact operations at our manufacturing sites, research and development facilities, and office buildings, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. The animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in particular regions are also affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests, such as ticks. As a result, we may experience regional and seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations. The impacts from climate change may also impact our customers' manufacturing processes and our supply chain, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows.