The discussion in our management's discussion and analysis highlights the effectiveness of our restructuring efforts and our ability to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets. Our strategy entails both a technological shift and a business model shift, as we have accelerated our move to the cloud and mobile devices, offering more flexible licensing. Our product subscriptions currently represent a hybrid of desktop software and cloud functionality, which provides a device-independent, collaborative design workflow for designers and their stakeholders. We believe that customer adoption of these new offerings will continue to grow as customers across a range of industries begin to take advantage of the scalable computing power and flexibility provided through these new services. Our strategy is to lead the industries we serve to cloud-based technologies and business models, which involves mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources effectively. The transition to a subscription model has had a broad impact within all markets, particularly in emerging economies where sales of perpetual licenses have historically comprised a greater percentage of total sales. We have commenced a worldwide restructuring plan to support our strategic priorities of completing the subscription transition, digitizing the company, and re-imagining manufacturing, construction, and production. This restructuring seeks to reduce investments in areas not aligned with our strategic priorities while further investing in digital infrastructure and customer success. Our channel mix is expected to continue changing as we scale our online business and shift towards direct-only business models. We maintain an open-architecture design of our software products to facilitate third-party development of complementary products and industry-specific software solutions, enabling customers and third parties to customize solutions for a variety of uses. Our large global network of distributors, resellers, third-party developers, customers, educational institutions, and students provides a broad and deep reach into volume markets around the world. We are committed to improving our product functionality and expanding our offerings through internal development and acquisitions, which often increase the speed at which we can deliver product functionality to our customers. Our strategy depends on leveraging our technology capabilities, improving performance and functionality, and adequately protecting our intellectual property. We regularly review our assumptions, judgments, and estimates related to our financial reporting, which can significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our investments in marketable securities are measured at fair value, and we are required to use various valuation techniques, which involve significant management judgment. As we continue to evaluate our long-term goals, we anticipate that we will continue to acquire products, technology, and businesses as compelling opportunities arise, ensuring that we remain responsive to market dynamics and competitive actions. Our strategic management practices include aligning our resources with our business strategies and maintaining operational flexibility to adapt to changing business needs and directions.