We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients, and we do not assume net underwriting risks. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees, and supplemental and contingent revenues from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. The primary impacts of the new revenue recognition accounting standard to our segments are anticipated to be as follows: with respect to the brokerage segment, we expect the adoption of the new standard to have a material impact on the presentation of our results of operations in certain quarters due to timing changes in the recognition of certain revenue and expenses. We will report a different seasonality with respect to quarterly results after adoption of the new standard. We do not expect year-over-year revenue and expense comparisons to be materially affected by these changes. We anticipate the net impact of the new standard will require more initial revenue deferral and revenue recognition over a longer period of time than under the old accounting standard. Our corporate segment includes costs related to the assimilation of acquisitions with our IT-related systems. The integration costs primarily relate to technology costs and incentive compensation. We expect that the timing related to recognition of revenue will remain substantially unchanged. The increase in operating expense in 2017 compared to 2016 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses. Our capital expenditures include amounts incurred related to investments made in information technology and software development projects. We expect total expenditures for capital improvements to be approximately $125.0 million, part of which is related to expenditures on updating computer systems and equipment. The net capital expenditures in 2017 primarily related to capitalized costs associated with expenditures on the implementation of new accounting and financial reporting systems and several other system initiatives that occurred in 2017. Our risk management segment generates revenues from integrated disability management programs, information services, risk control consulting services, and appraisal services. The risk management segment provides contract claim settlement and administration services for enterprises that choose to self-insure some or all of their property/casualty coverages. We have historically viewed organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our brokerage and risk management segments. Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily derived from our earnings from operations, as adjusted, for our non-cash expenses, which include depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation expenses. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to improved cash flow generated from our core brokerage and risk management operating units. Our investment in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45 is expected to continue generating positive net cash flows. We anticipate that these investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows for the period 2018 through at least 2021.