Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. Applied's long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. The semiconductor systems segment is characterized by continued healthy investment by semiconductor manufacturers, driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, and automotive devices. Development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance as devices scale to advanced technology nodes. Applied's investments in research, development, and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in research, development, and engineering in order to continue to offer new products and technologies. The growth of data and new end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, augmented and virtual reality, and smart vehicles are also creating new opportunities for the industry. Demand for display manufacturing equipment spending depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced TVs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next-generation mobile devices. The market environment for Applied's display and adjacent markets segment is expected to continue to be characterized by healthy demand for manufacturing equipment for high-end mobile devices and TV manufacturing equipment, although these markets remain susceptible to cyclical conditions. Applied's significant investments in research, development, and engineering reflect its ongoing investments in product development initiatives, consistent with the company's growth strategy. Applied's ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides is critical, as development cycles range from 12 to 36 months depending on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product or a new product. Applied's investments in etch were focused on supporting the adoption of extreme selectivity and precision etch technology for enabling continued scaling of 3D logic and memory chips. The investment in e-beam inspection was in support of strengthening the e-beam portfolio, which helps achieve higher yields at advanced nodes by detecting the most challenging defects and monitoring and controlling process marginality. Applied's investments in materials engineering solutions support patterning applications as well as improve transistor performance and device power efficiency. The applied global services segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, certain remanufactured earlier generation equipment, and factory automation software for semiconductor, display, and solar products. Customer demand for products and services is fulfilled through a global distribution system with trained service engineers located in close proximity to customer sites. Demand for applied global services' service solutions is driven by Applied's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs.