The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. We report our results in five segments: U.S. property, Asia property, EMEA property, Latin America property, and services. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers and other tenants in various industries. Our property operations accounted for 99% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2017, and include our U.S. property segment, Asia property segment, EMEA property segment, and Latin America property segment. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services, penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition. We have established operations in many markets at the early stages of wireless development, which we believe will enable us to participate in these deployments over the long term. Wireless service providers compete based on the quality of their existing networks, which is driven by capacity and coverage. To maintain or improve their network performance, our tenants continue deploying additional equipment across their existing sites while also adding new cell sites. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. We expect to leverage our extensive international portfolio of approximately 109,565 communications sites and the relationships we have built with our carrier tenants to drive sustainable, long-term growth. Our ability to manage our operations effectively and efficiently is critical to our performance, and we continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our measurement of adjusted EBITDA, NAREIT FFO, consolidated AFFO, and AFFO attributable to American Tower Corporation common stockholders is presented as we believe each is a useful indicator of our current operating performance. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. A key factor affecting our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is to maintain recurring revenue and convert it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and fully achieving our operating efficiencies. The loan agreements for our credit facilities contain certain financial and operating covenants and other restrictions applicable to us and our subsidiaries that are not designated as unrestricted subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Our ability to comply with these covenants is critical to our financial health and operational flexibility.