The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. The primary end markets for our products include information technology and communication devices and systems for the converging technologies of voice, video, and data communications. The sales growth was driven primarily by growth in the information technology and data communications market, reflecting organic growth in products for data centers, including server and networking-related applications. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, believing that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company’s strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company believes that its ability to generate cash from operations is a fundamental financial strength, using cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company reported net sales and operating income of $7,011.3 and $1,427.6, respectively, up 12% and 18%, respectively, from the previous year, with net sales to the information technology and data communications market increasing approximately $115.0. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing success factors such as developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company has emphasized controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s investment in modern manufacturing technologies and its focus on research and development are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and responding to market dynamics. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources, combined with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities, underscores the importance of IT capability in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s performance in the information technology sector has been bolstered by its strategic resource allocation and investment in technology functionalities that enhance its operational flexibility and market responsiveness. The company’s focus on innovation and technology deployment is critical in navigating the evolving business environment and meeting consumer demands effectively.