Axon is bringing modern information technology capabilities to every law enforcement officer. Our software platform features continuous improvement with regular software updates that enable our customers to always have access to the latest technology. More and more police agencies trust Axon to host their video evidence data, which is captured via our devices, apps, and software, and stored in our secure cloud and accessed via the Axon network. We see a large opportunity to leverage our connected platform to enable a broad suite of mobile, wearable, and data management capabilities. Axon is also improving workflows throughout the public safety chain, from the incident on the scene to the courtroom. With our software, police officers can share evidence with prosecutors during discovery while maintaining a secure and encrypted chain of custody. The increase in active users on the company's evidence.com platform has driven revenue growth in the software and sensors segment, which is expected to result in improved operating margins over time as additional revenue will cover a larger portion of our selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development costs. The company remains focused on growing the software and sensors segment as it adds headcount and additional resources to develop new products and services, including records management systems and computer-aided dispatch systems, to further advance its scalable cloud-connected device platform. The increase in professional and consulting expenses was primarily attributable to increased technical consulting fees related to the development and release of signal sidearm. The company has created and is continuing to create service plans and product bundles to ensure agencies have the latest devices and technology at predictable annual costs. The overall increase in cost of products sold was attributable to higher unit sales, and the increase in cost of service sales was driven by increased cloud storage costs. The company recorded net sales related to Axon Fleet, the company's newly introduced in-car camera system, with no amounts recorded during the same period in 2016. The increase in provisions made during 2017 was primarily attributable to increased deployments of trial and evaluation equipment and was also attributable to the phasing out of certain previous generations of its CEWs. The company anticipates that the majority of its arrangements in both reportable segments will be offered in similar subscription-type offerings over the coming years. The company has established a robust network that connects devices, apps, and people primarily in the law enforcement vertical. Axon's cohesive ecosystem is delivering increased value to all public safety stakeholders, including state and municipal police agencies, police chiefs and other leadership, patrol officers, state patrols and officers, agency detectives, public prosecutors, district attorneys, and others in the public safety and judicial communities, as well as the public communities they serve. The company aims to have every public safety officer in the world carry a Taser, deploy an Axon camera, and be connected to the Axon network. The increase in sales and marketing expense relates to higher commissions on increased bookings, increased customer samples attributable to the company delivering on-officer cameras, and increased spending on sponsorships for major city police chief associations and major county sheriffs' associations. The company has identified the following accounting estimates as critical to its business operations and the understanding of its results of operations. The preparation of this annual report requires the company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.