We believe that fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. Our primary response to fluctuations in the demand for the products we sell is to adjust our advertising message, store staffing, and product assortment. In recent years, we initiated a variety of strategic tests focused on increasing inventory availability in our domestic stores. As part of those tests, we closely studied our hub distribution model, store inventory levels and product assortment, which led to strategic tests on increased frequency of delivery to our domestic stores and significantly expanding parts and assortment in select domestic stores we call mega hubs. During fiscal 2017, we made substantial changes to test different scenarios to determine the optimal approach around increased delivery frequency. We expect to conclude this test in fiscal 2018. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. Certain vendors participate in financing arrangements with financial institutions whereby they factor their receivables from us, allowing them to receive payment on our invoices at a discounted rate. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations and investments in technology. During fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015, our capital expenditures have increased by approximately 13%, 2%, and 10%, respectively, as compared to the prior year. Our cash flows from operations are unfavorable compared to last year primarily due to timing of payment of accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by growth in net income and a decrease in pension contributions. We believe that adjusted diluted earnings per share provides us with an understanding of the results from the primary operations of our business by excluding the tax effects of option exercise activity. We use adjusted diluted earnings per share to evaluate period-over-period operating performance because we believe it provides a more comparable measure of our continuing business by adjusting for items that are not reflective of the normal earnings of our business. We anticipate that we will be able to obtain such financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. Our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. We believe our estimates to be reasonable and have not experienced material adjustments to our reserves in the previous three years; however, actual results could differ from our estimates, and we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations and investments in technology. We have opened 622 new locations from the beginning of fiscal 2015 to August 26, 2017. We opened two distribution centers in fiscal 2017 and currently have one additional distribution center under development. We believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. Our sales mix can be impacted by severe or unusual weather over a short term period. Over the long term, we believe the impact of the weather on our sales mix is not significant. We have also experienced accelerated pressure on wages in the United States during fiscal 2017. We are still assessing to what degree these changes will impact our earnings growth in future periods.