We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space, and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to its customers at reduced costs. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to continue gaining market share, increasing pressure on airfares, and resulting in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering, and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. We expect the market to grow by around 3.5% annually. As the size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet continues to grow, so does demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of airplanes. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The U.S. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. We expect U.S. growth to remain flat and non-U.S. fleets, led by Middle East and Asia Pacific customers, to add rotorcraft and commercial derivative aircraft at the fastest rates. We continue to work with our customers to mitigate risks associated with the lack of a quorum of the bank's board of directors and assist with alternative third-party financing sources. Our strategy also benefits us as the cyclicality of commercial and defense markets sometimes offset. We are currently producing at a rate of 47 per month and plan to increase to 52 per month in 2018. We plan to further increase the rate to 57 per month in 2019. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. As a result, our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure. Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements, where the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. The commercial aircraft financing commitments include commitments to provide financing related to aircraft on order, under option for deliveries, or proposed as part of sales campaigns or refinancing with respect to delivered aircraft. We believe our ability to access external capital resources should be sufficient to satisfy existing short-term and long-term commitments and plans, and also to provide adequate financial flexibility to take advantage of potential strategic business opportunities should they arise within the next year.