Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, berkshire hathaway reinsurance group ("bhrg") and berkshire hathaway primary group. We strive to generate pre-tax underwriting profits in all product lines. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax losses from underwriting of $2.2 billion in 2017 compared to after-tax gains of $1.4 billion in 2016 and $1.2 billion in 2015. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses can significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S. based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We consider investment income as a component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized as non-operating, based on our long-held philosophy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. Our management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The increase in average revenue per car/unit was primarily attributable to higher fuel surcharge revenue, increased rates per car/unit and business mix changes. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to such balances. Our service businesses offer fractional ownership programs for general aviation aircraft and high technology training to operators of aircraft. Our service businesses include the electronic distribution of corporate news, multimedia and regulatory filings. We also distribute electronic components and franchise and service a network of quick service restaurants. Our retailing businesses also include home furnishings retailing businesses, which sell furniture, appliances, flooring and electronics. Our retailing businesses are comprised of a large group of independently managed businesses engaged in a variety of activities. Our manufacturing group includes a variety of businesses that produce industrial, building and consumer products. Our consumer products businesses include leisure vehicles and several apparel and footwear operations. Our manufacturing operations reflect increased revenues at several of our businesses. Our overall volume growth moderated in the second half of the year compared to the growth experienced in the first half of the year. The increase in average revenue per car/unit was primarily attributable to higher fuel surcharge revenue, increased rates per car/unit and business mix changes. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax losses from underwriting of $2.2 billion in 2017 compared to after-tax gains of $1.4 billion in 2016 and $1.2 billion in 2015. The increase in average revenue per car/unit was primarily attributable to higher fuel surcharge revenue, increased rates per car/unit and business mix changes. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from such businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. We expect that maximum remaining gross losses payable under our retroactive policies will not exceed $57 billion due to the applicable aggregate contract limits.