Our business serves customers that are driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, integrated circuits, and devices that are smaller, use less power, and provide more functionality. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses, and cash flow from operations. Continued investment in research and development activities focused on creating and enhancing our products is essential to maintain the pace of innovation required by our customers. The competitiveness of our technology is critical, as evidenced by contract renewals with existing customers and additional sales to existing customers. Product and maintenance revenue increased during fiscal 2017, primarily because of growth in our software and IP businesses, partially offset by lower revenue from emulation and prototyping hardware. Digital IC design and signoff revenue fluctuates from period to period based on demand for, and our available resources to deliver and support our products and services. Our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by the delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. We must invest significantly in product research and development to keep pace with the latest manufacturing technology, as the demand for new IC manufacturing technology directly impacts the demand for our newest products. Costs included in research and development increased during fiscal 2017, primarily due to incremental investments in research and development as a result of additional hiring. We have initiated several restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. The demand for our products and services and, ultimately, our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2017 was primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors and improved profitability. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making long-term equity investments. The adoption of new accounting standards related to revenue recognition will impact our accounting for multiple-element arrangements that combine many software-related deliverables. We exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether the separate contracts should be accounted for individually or as part of a single arrangement. Our judgments about whether a group of contracts is a multiple-element arrangement can affect the timing of revenue recognition under those contracts. The allocation of the purchase price in business combinations requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. These estimates can include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an acquired business is expected to generate in the future. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates. The new accounting standards will require changes to our systems and processes, particularly regarding the recognition of lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets on the balance sheet. We are currently evaluating the effects that the adoption of these new standards will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.