We are focused on deploying superior products and service with minimal service disruptions as we integrate our information technology and network operations. Our integration activities will continue in 2018 with the expectation that by 2019 we will have substantially integrated the practices and systems of legacy charter, legacy twc and legacy bright house. We began migrating legacy twc and legacy bright house customer care centers to legacy charter's model of using virtualized, u.s.-based in-house call centers. The increase in corporate costs during 2016 as compared to 2015 relates primarily to increases in the number of employees including increases in engineering and IT. We expect programming expenses will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new services. We have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers nor do we expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers. Costs to service customers decreased $144 million during 2017 as compared to 2016, on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of January 1, 2015, primarily due to benefits from combining legacy twc and legacy bright house into charter, including lower employee benefit and maintenance costs, higher labor and material capitalization with increases in placement of new customer equipment and improved productivity. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. Our target leverage remains at 4 to 4.5 times, and up to 3.5 times at the charter operating level. Our leverage ratio was 4.5 as of December 31, 2017. We may increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within our target leverage range. The actual amount of our capital expenditures in 2018 will depend on a number of factors, including our all-digital transition in the legacy twc and legacy bright house markets, further spend related to product development and growth rates of both our residential and commercial businesses. We are also subject to ongoing examinations of our tax returns by state and local tax authorities for various periods. Activity related to these state and local examinations did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2017, nor do we anticipate a material impact in the future. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. We capitalize direct labor and overhead of $1.7 billion, $991 million and $420 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. We utilize the cost approach as the primary method used to establish fair value for our property, plant and equipment in connection with business combinations. The cable industry is capital intensive, and a large portion of our resources are spent on capital activities associated with extending, rebuilding, and upgrading our cable network. We are focused on deploying superior products and service with minimal service disruptions as we integrate our information technology and network operations.