During 2017, we invested in improving our digital platforms, including significant improvements to our mobile application and online ordering platform, and equipping select restaurants with an upgraded second make line dedicated to fulfilling out-of-restaurant orders. We continue to evaluate ways to enhance our security measures following a data security incident in April 2017, where malware was detected on the network that supports payment processing for our restaurants. We removed the malware from our systems and recorded a liability of $30.0 million as an estimate of potential losses associated with anticipated claims and assessments by payment card networks. Our sales from out-of-restaurant orders represented 8.3% of our revenue during the year ended December 31, 2017, up from 6.4% of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2016. We expect these initiatives to increase labor, other operating, and general and administrative expenses, and to result in higher capital expenditures than we have typically incurred. Our primary liquidity and capital requirements are for new restaurant construction, initiatives to improve the guest experience in our restaurants, working capital, and general corporate needs. We expect to incur about $300 million in total capital expenditures in 2018, with the majority consisting of investments in existing restaurants, including remodeling and similar improvements, and upgrading our second make lines and other restaurant equipment. We also expect about $120 million in capital expenditures related to our construction of new restaurants. Our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories, due in part to our use of various fresh ingredients. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. We have tried to increase, where practical, the number of suppliers for our ingredients, which we believe can help mitigate pricing volatility. Additionally, we work closely with our suppliers and use a mix of forward pricing protocols under which we agree with our supplier on fixed prices for deliveries at some time in the future. We expect food, beverage, and packaging costs as a percentage of revenue in 2018 to be lower than 2017 due to the benefit of menu price increases and our expectations for stable commodity prices. Labor costs as a percentage of revenue decreased during the year ended December 31, 2017, due primarily to increased crew efficiency, including the benefit of lower promotional activity during the year and improved manager deployment. Our restaurant operating costs as a percent of revenue decreased 4.1% compared to the full year 2016, attributable to sales leverage, including the benefit of the menu price increases, lower marketing and promotional spend as a percent of revenue, and labor efficiencies. We expect general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar terms in 2018 due to increased wages and benefits, and an increase in stock-based compensation expense. The increase in general and administrative expenses in dollar terms for 2016 primarily resulted from increased legal expense, higher payroll costs as we grew, and expenses associated with our biennial all managers' conference held during 2016. We have recorded liabilities related to a number of legal actions, and our estimates used to determine the amount of these liabilities may not be accurate.