We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes, and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. We generated $2.3 billion of operating cash flows in 2017, compared to $1.9 billion in 2016. Our research, development, and engineering expenses increased, focusing on the development of new products to meet future emission standards and improvements in fuel economy performance. We formed a joint venture with Eaton Corporation to design, assemble, sell, and support medium-duty and heavy-duty automated transmissions for the commercial vehicle market. Our distribution segment sales increased primarily due to an increase in organic sales and higher sales related to the acquisition of a North American distributor. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher organic volumes and the acquisition of a North American distributor, partially offset by increased variable compensation expense. The increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher variable compensation expense and increased compensation expense related to the acquisition. The decrease in equity, royalty, and interest income from investees was the result of the acquisition of a North American distributor and unfavorable impacts from tax legislation. We continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions, with capital expenditures planned between $730 million and $760 million in 2018. Our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon various variables and assumptions, including return on invested assets and market interest rates. We expect modest additional positive returns from active investment management. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations, and debt service obligations. The contractual obligations reported exclude our unrecognized tax benefits. Our management reviews estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions, and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our critical accounting estimates include those addressing the estimation of liabilities for warranty programs, accounting for income taxes, and pension benefits. Our research activities continue to focus on the development of new products to meet future emission standards and improvements in fuel economy performance, which are essential for maintaining competitive advantage in the market.