We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. Our revenue consists of sales transaction fees charged to vehicle sellers and vehicle buyers, transportation revenue, purchased vehicle revenue, and other remarketing services. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, Germany, Spain, the Republic of Ireland, and India with the intention of providing national coverage for our sellers. We seek to increase revenues and profitability by, among other things, acquiring and developing additional vehicle storage facilities in key markets, pursuing national and regional vehicle seller agreements, increasing our service offerings to sellers and members, and expanding the application of vb3 into new markets. The increase in service revenues for fiscal 2017 of $181.9 million was driven primarily by increased volume and a marginal increase in revenue per car due to higher average auction selling prices, which we believe was due to higher commodity prices. The increase in volume in the U.S. was derived from growth in the number of units sold from new and expanded contracts with insurance companies, and growth from existing suppliers, driven by what we believe was an increase in salvage frequency. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. Included in capital expenditures were capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements to existing software. We recognized a $19.4 million charge primarily related to fully impairing costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of business operating software. The increase in yard operations expenses resulted primarily from growth in volume and a marginal increase in the cost to process each car. The increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2017 came primarily from an increase in professional services expenses, acquisition-related expenses, and charges related to sales tax and franchise tax adjustments. We have certain contracts inherited through our U.K. acquisitions that require us to act as a principal, purchasing vehicles from the insurance companies and reselling them for our own account. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by integrating our management information systems. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. We are considering a variety of alternative potential uses for our remaining cash balances and our cash flows from operations, including additional stock repurchases, repayments of long-term debt, the payment of dividends, and acquisitions.