Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that have been powering the internet since 1984. Our evolving intent-based technologies are constantly learning and adapting to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio and believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities. We continue to aggressively invest in priority areas to drive profitable growth over the long term. Our strategic priorities include accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and delivering technology the way our customers want to consume it. We believe the network is becoming more critical than ever as our customers add billions of new connections to their enterprises. Our customers are looking for intelligent networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics. We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. The overall environment remains uncertain, and we continue to see weakness in emerging countries in the aggregate. We experienced solid revenue growth in security and wireless, and we continued to make progress in the transition of our business model to increased software and subscriptions, which is part of our strategy. We believe the decline in sales of switching products used in campus environments was driven both by uncertainty in the macro environment, which led to a slowdown in customer spending, as well as by a highly competitive landscape. Our product revenue from service provider video, data center, and collaboration decreased, partially offset by product revenue growth in security and wireless. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. We continue to increase the amount of deferred revenue and the proportion of recurring revenue related to our collaboration product category. The increase in technical support services revenue was driven by contract initiations and renewals associated with product sales and an increase in software support offerings. We believe that the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Our financing arrangements include leases, loans, and financed service contracts. We expect to continue to expand the use of our financing programs in the near term. The volume of channel partner financing was $27.0 billion, $26.9 billion, and $25.9 billion in fiscal 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners or end-user customers. We believe our investments in unconsolidated variable interest entities do not present a material risk or impact to our liquidity requirements. Our ongoing consideration of all the factors described previously could result in additional impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income.