We continue to focus on deploying capital through disciplined and profitable organic loan growth as well as through our quarterly dividends and share repurchase program as permitted by bank holding company regulation. We expect to make additional investments in business growth initiatives, technology, analytical capabilities, our employees and the community, resulting in higher operating expenses year over year. The increase in professional fees was driven primarily by investments in technology and infrastructure, offset by the completion of a look back project related to anti-money laundering remediation in 2016. We continue to leverage our network to support our card-issuing business and we expect the payments industry to remain competitive. The evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including supervisory priorities and actions, our actions, actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables and the issuance of unsecured debt. We continue to monitor competitor pricing and technology development strategies in order to assess their impact on our business and on competition in the marketplace. We expect the GDPR to have an impact on how we process the personal data of EU individuals and we have a program underway to address GDPR requirements. The increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven by the impact of additional headcount for regulatory and compliance needs and business growth, higher average salaries and a one-time special bonus for eligible employees in response to the recent TCJA in 2017. The total charge-off rate in 2018 is expected to be modestly higher and we expect to continue to add to the loan loss reserve due to seasoning of continued loan growth and increasing consumer leverage. The size and scope of the 2017 national credit reporting agency breach may result in the financial services industry shifting to new means of identifying and authenticating consumers. We expect to continue to pursue new ways to drive volume growth in 2018. The impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including supervisory priorities and actions, our actions, actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. The increase in marketing and business development was primarily the result of higher brand advertising and loan acquisition costs that contributed to loan growth. We are subject to the income tax laws of the jurisdictions where we have business operations, primarily the United States, its states and municipalities. We must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various taxing jurisdictions. We seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth and satisfy debt obligations under stressed and normal operating conditions. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations and other short-term and long-term borrowings. We also maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. We conduct liquidity stress testing regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. Our primary contingent liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. We seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to be able to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment.