During 2017, the company faced opportunities and challenges, including rapid technological development particularly with respect to computing, automation, artificial intelligence, mobile connectivity, communications, and digitization in most of its served markets. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources, particularly in high-growth markets, in order to be responsive to customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of operations. The company's long-term growth and profitability will depend on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and segments, identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment. The company’s income from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2017, totaled approximately $2.5 billion, reflecting the impact of strategic decisions including the discontinuation of a molecular diagnostic product line in its diagnostics segment, which resulted in charges related to the impairment of technology-related intangible assets. The company also recorded a pretax gain related to the sale of certain marketable equity securities during 2017. The company's diagnostic segment offers analytical instruments, reagents, consumables, software, and services that are used to diagnose disease and make treatment decisions, with increased demand in high-growth markets partially offset by declines in developed markets. The integration of Cepheid into the company is expected to realize cost savings and other business process improvements through the application of its productivity improvement initiatives. The company emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company’s strategic management practices include monitoring key competitors and customers to gauge relative performance and outlook for the future. The company’s operations are affected by various economic and political factors, and it continues to evaluate the impact of changes in tax laws and regulations on its financial statements. The company’s ability to obtain tax benefits from lower statutory rates outside the United States depends on its levels of taxable income in those foreign countries. The company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate of any individual foreign country would not have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. The company’s management performs a comprehensive review of its global tax positions quarterly, and reserves for contingent tax liabilities are accrued or adjusted as necessary. The company’s ability to effectively manage its operational efficiency, resource allocation, and strategic resource deployment will be critical in navigating market dynamics and enhancing firm performance.