The company recorded a non-cash net gain in connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest in bamtech, partially offset by a charge in connection with the settlement of litigation. The results reflected a valuation adjustment to sports programming rights that were prepaid prior to the acquisition of bamtech and increased costs for technology platform investments. The increase in interest and investment income was primarily due to an increase in interest income driven by an increase in average cash balances in interest-bearing accounts and higher interest rates. The decrease in equity in the income of investees was due to higher losses from investments in bamtech and hulu, with the decrease at hulu attributed to higher programming, distribution, marketing, and labor costs, partially offset by growth in advertising and subscription revenues. The company believes that information about aggregate segment operating income assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from factors other than business operations that affect net income. The company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, and management uses aggregate segment operating income as a measure of the overall performance of the operating businesses. The media networks segment generates revenue from affiliate fees, ad sales, and other revenues, which include the sale and distribution of television programming, with significant expenses including technical support costs. The parks and resorts segment generates revenue from the sale of admissions to theme parks and other offerings, with significant expenses including operating labor and infrastructure costs, which include information systems expense. The studio entertainment segment generates revenue from the distribution of films and significant expenses include marketing and sales costs, distribution expenses, and costs of sales. The consumer products & interactive media segment generates revenue from licensing characters and content, with significant expenses including costs of goods sold and distribution expenses. The company’s investments in parks, resorts, and other property reflect capital expenditures primarily for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, and systems infrastructure. The company expects its fiscal 2018 capital expenditures will be approximately $1 billion higher than fiscal 2017 capital expenditures due to increased investments at domestic parks and resorts. The company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in the consolidated financial statements, including commitments for the acquisition of broadcast programming and minimum lease payments. The company’s financial condition is strong, with cash balances, operating cash flows, and access to debt and equity capital markets providing adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures. The company’s borrowing activity is influenced by macroeconomic factors, and its borrowing costs can be impacted by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies. The company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, and the fair value of these assets is determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values. The company evaluates its allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical bad debt experience and the financial condition of individual companies. The company is regularly audited by federal, state, and foreign tax authorities, and its determinations regarding the recognition of income tax benefits are made based on the technical merits of its tax positions.