Duke Energy continues to leverage new technology and data analytics to drive additional efficiencies across the business. The company has responded to an environment of changing customer demands by investing in electric and natural gas infrastructure that customers value and that provide an opportunity for sustainable growth. Duke Energy's long-term strategy focuses on modernization of the electric grid, including smart meters and storm hardening, to ensure the system is better prepared for severe weather and to improve the system's reliability and flexibility, as well as to provide better information and services for customers. The company is committed to lead the way to cleaner, smarter energy solutions that customers value through a strategy focused on operational excellence through engagement with employees and being an industry leader in safety performance and efficient operations. Duke Energy's growth initiatives are supported by significant capital investment in electric transmission and distribution grid, and in cleaner, more efficient generation. The company expects to invest approximately $30 billion in electric utilities and infrastructure growth projects over the next five years, continuing its efforts to generate cleaner energy. The acquisition of Piedmont reflects the growing importance of natural gas to the future of the energy infrastructure within the company's service territory and establishes a strategic platform for future growth in natural gas infrastructure. Duke Energy continues to focus on the safe and efficient operation of its generation fleet, with strong overall safety and environmental performance. The company has made progress advancing its long-term strategy to invest in growth drivers of cleaner energy, grid modernization, and natural gas infrastructure while also improving customer satisfaction. The strategic investments include customer service technologies, smart meters, and solar generation, which are expected to enhance operational efficiency and customer value. Duke Energy's objectives include achieving modernized regulatory constructs that provide benefits such as improved earnings and cash flows through more timely recovery of investments, as well as stable pricing for customers. The company is on track to exceed targeted Piedmont merger cost synergies without significant disruptions to the business or culture, integrating the Piedmont and Midwest natural gas operations, and moving to a shared services model. Duke Energy's investment choices are guided by the need to optimize its technology portfolio and enhance its operational capabilities, ensuring that the company remains agile in responding to market dynamics and customer needs. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The integration of technology and operational flexibility is critical for Duke Energy to maintain its competitive advantage and to respond effectively to regulatory changes and market restructuring. The company continues to evaluate its strategic resource allocation to ensure alignment with its business strategy and to achieve performance excellence in a rapidly changing energy landscape.