Management evaluates the sales and operating income performance of our non-U.S. dollar functional currency international operations based on fixed currency exchange rates, which eliminate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our international operations. We achieved accelerating sales and earnings growth through 2017 as we drove new product introductions, new business wins and improved operating efficiency in a mixed market environment. Increased pricing was implemented to offset higher delivered product costs. Our reported gross margin was 46.5% of sales for 2017, compared to our 2016 reported gross margin of 47.5%. The decreased SG&A ratio comparing 2017 against 2016 was driven primarily by sales volume leverage and cost savings, which more than offset investments in the business and the impact of acquisitions. We recorded restructuring charges of $45.5 million during 2017, which included significant actions involving employee-related severance charges, contract termination costs, and asset write-downs and disposals. Our restructuring activities are associated with plans to enhance our efficiency, effectiveness, and sharpen the competitiveness of our businesses. We believe our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates, and we continue to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in our business, debt repayments, pension obligations, and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. We continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. Our acquisitions and divestitures across 2017, 2016, and 2015 are discussed further in note 4. We have a broad customer base, and our retention rate of significant customers has aligned with our acquisition assumptions, including the customer base acquired in our recent Nalco and Champion transactions. Our historical retention rate, coupled with our consistent track record of keeping long-term relationships with our customers, supports our expectation of consistent sales generation for the foreseeable future from the acquired customer base. We periodically review our long-lived and amortizable intangible assets for impairment and to assess whether significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Our goodwill impairment assessment for 2017 indicated the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded the unit's carrying amount by a significant margin. We manage interest expense using a mix of fixed and floating rate debt. To help manage borrowing costs, we may enter into interest rate swap agreements. Our global footprint and broad business portfolio within the global energy segment, as well as our strong execution capabilities, are expected to provide the required resilience to outperform in the current market. Our international operations subject us to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries which could impact future operating results. We believe our tax returns properly reflect the tax consequences of our operations, and our reserves for tax contingencies are appropriate and sufficient for the positions taken. The change in our adjusted tax rate from 2015 to 2017 was primarily driven by global tax planning projects and geographic income mix.