We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business, and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We have continued to implement security enhancements since a sophisticated external cyber attack in February 2015, which gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. We believe that our pricing strategy, brand name and network quality will provide a strong foundation for membership growth opportunities in the future. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. The increase in operating revenue was primarily a result of higher premium revenue in both our government business and commercial & specialty business segments, and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fee revenue in our commercial & specialty business segment. We believe we are well positioned to adapt with the market as it evolves. We have established a new pharmacy benefits manager, IngenioRx, and entered into a five-year agreement with CaremarkPCS Health, L.L.C., to begin offering a full suite of pharmacy benefit management solutions. Our significant transactions include the acquisition of America’s 1st Choice and HealthSun, which align with our plans for continued growth in the Medicare Advantage and special needs populations. The future results of our operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy, including the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which has changed and may continue to make broad-based changes to the U.S. healthcare system. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the ACA as additional guidance is made available. Our selling, general and administrative expense consists of fixed and variable costs, and other factors can impact our administrative cost structure, including systems efficiencies, inflation and changes in productivity. Our results of operations are affected by levels and mix of membership, and we believe the self-insured portion of our group membership base will continue to increase as a percentage of total group membership. We have a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments and funds available under our facility and/or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.