Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Global enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix's leading insight and data centers around the world for the safe housing of their critical IT equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today's information-driven economy. The company's acquisitions, including the Verizon data center acquisition, expanded its total global footprint to 190 IBX data centers across 48 markets. Equinix's global platform allows customers to increase information and application delivery performance while significantly reducing costs, creating a marketplace for their services. The company's business model is built on a critical mass of customers, which drives new customer growth and bookings. The data center market landscape has evolved to include cloud computing providers, application hosting providers, and managed infrastructure hosting providers. Equinix offers a global platform that reaches 24 countries with proven operational reliability, improved application performance, and a highly scalable set of offerings. The company monitors available capacity in each of its selected markets and performs demand studies to determine if future expansion is warranted. The increase in power consumption per cabinet has driven the company to build out new IBX data centers to support power and cooling needs. The company continues to look at attractive opportunities to grow market share and selectively improve its footprint and offerings. The expansion criteria depend on factors such as demand from customers, quality of design, power capacity, access to networks, and capacity availability in the current market location. Equinix's business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. The company has experienced revenue growth primarily due to new orders from existing customers and new customers, with a significant portion of its revenues generated from its recently opened IBX data centers. The cost of revenues is expected to increase as the company continues to expand its business, including results from newly acquired businesses. The company has been investing in its general and administrative functions to effectively scale operations for growth, which includes improving back-office systems. The management believes that the inclusion of non-GAAP financial measures provides consistency and comparability with past reports and a better understanding of the overall performance of the business. The company expects to incur higher interest expenses going forward in connection with additional indebtedness incurred during 2017. The operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are critical to maintaining desired levels of revenue growth in future periods. The company continues to assess the need for valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets and monitors its compliance with REIT requirements to maintain its tax status. The strategic management practices employed by Equinix focus on leveraging its IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency, thereby transforming the firm into a competitive force in the market.