The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. In 2017, we invested 16.1% of our net sales in research and development. We received FDA approval for the Hemosphere advanced monitoring platform, which provides clinicians with clarity on a patient's hemodynamics to help them make proactive, timely clinical decisions. The increase in net sales of critical care products was due primarily to enhanced surgical recovery products and core hemodynamic products. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2017 compared to 2016 was driven by an improved product mix. The increase in R&D expenses in 2017 compared to 2016 was due primarily to mitral, aortic, and tricuspid THVT product development efforts, including development expenses associated with the Cardioband reconstruction system. The suspension of the United States medical device excise tax provided additional flexibility to accelerate investments in structural heart initiatives. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. We believe that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions. Our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and cash from operations. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months from the financial statement issuance date. We periodically consider various financing alternatives and may seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. As we evaluate the impact of U.S. tax legislation and the future cash needs of our global operations, we may revise the amount of foreign earnings considered to be permanently reinvested outside the United States. We have a five-year credit agreement which provides up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. We expect that we will be able to pay the remaining principal and any accrued interest on the senior notes by one or a combination of refinancing such indebtedness, using available cash resources, or using amounts available under our credit agreement. We consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. During 2017, we repurchased a total of 7.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of $752.1 million. The increase in net income in 2017 was primarily driven by our increased sales and a gain from our successful litigation related to the theft of trade secrets, partially offset by increased tax expenses due to the implementation of U.S. tax law changes. The medical technology industry is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions, which affect our estimates related to excess, obsolete, and expired inventory. The determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, and the assessment of the asset's life cycle. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions, and our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities.