During fiscal 2017, our growth initiatives continued to generate significant free cash flow, which we utilized to enhance shareholder value through investments in long-term growth initiatives. We continued our expansion into cloud-based solutions in our applications and decision management software segments to provide growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the affordability and simplicity of these solutions. The majority of our software solutions are available through the FICO® Analytic Cloud, and we added Amazon Web Services, Inc. ("AWS") as our primary cloud infrastructure provider. We have migrated several core applications, including the decision management suite, to AWS and will migrate additional applications over the next three years. Our cloud bookings accounted for 24% and 26% of our total bookings during fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively, directly demonstrating the willingness among our customers to engage our cloud-based solutions. We continue to pursue additional partners to distribute FICO® scores with their product offerings sold directly to consumers and are pursuing opportunities to make FICO® scores available to third parties for affinity, white-labeled programs to further penetrate and expand the markets where our scores are available. We derive a significant share of revenues from transactional or unit-based software license fees, transactional fees derived under credit scoring, data processing, data management, and SaaS subscription services arrangements. Revenue fluctuations in our business are primarily driven by changes in the transactional volume and license fees. We regard the volume of bookings achieved as an important indicator of future revenues. We estimate bookings as of the end of the period in which a contract is signed, and actual revenue and the timing thereof could differ materially from our initial estimates. Our calculations have varying degrees of certainty depending on the revenue type and individual contract terms, and they are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties concerning timing and contingencies affecting product delivery and performance. The increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily attributable to an increase in professional services delivery cost driven by higher services revenue and an increase in salaries and benefit costs as a result of our increased headcount. The increase in allocated facilities and infrastructure costs was primarily attributable to increased resource requirements due to our expanded investment in product delivery, support, and infrastructure operations. We expect that research and development expenditures as a percentage of revenues will be consistent with or slightly higher than those incurred during fiscal 2017, driven by our continued investment in the areas of cloud computing and SaaS, as well as new products primarily in the decision management software segment. Our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited if adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms. We evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses, and may elect to use available cash and cash equivalents to fund such activities in the future. We have established a cross-functional implementation team to address the scope of work required to implement the recognition and disclosure requirements under the new revenue standard, which will be effective for our fiscal year beginning October 1, 2018.