Fortinet is a global leader in broad, automated and integrated cybersecurity solutions, providing high-performance cybersecurity solutions to a wide variety of businesses, including a majority of the Fortune 100 companies. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to simplify the IT and security infrastructure of our end-customers while providing broad, automated, and integrated protection against dynamic and sophisticated security threats. The Fortinet Security Fabric has been developed to provide unified security across the entire digital attack surface, enabling traditionally disparate security devices to work together as an integrated and collaborative whole. We help customers secure their cloud implementations by offering integration, visibility, and automation across multi-cloud and hybrid deployments. Our FortiCASB extends the core capabilities of our Security Fabric architecture to provide businesses the same level of cybersecurity and threat intelligence in cloud environments as they do on their physical networks. We continue to see a shift from product revenues to higher-margin, recurring service revenues, reflecting our ongoing success in driving sales of mid-range and high-end service bundles, as well as increases in certain software and other time-based service models. Our approach to network security is defined by our SPU hardware architecture, which includes proprietary ASICs designed for highly efficient execution of computationally intensive tasks, including policy enforcement, threat detection, and encryption. The increase in service revenue was primarily due to the recognition of revenue from our growing deferred revenue balance consisting of FortiGuard security subscription and FortiCare technical support contracts sold to a larger customer base. We monitor our deferred revenue balance, growth, and the mix of short-term and long-term deferred revenue because it represents a significant portion of revenue and free cash flow to be recognized in future periods. Our operating activities during 2017 provided $594.4 million in cash as a result of our continued growth of our business and our ability to successfully manage our working capital. Changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily resulted from an increase in sales of our FortiGuard security subscription and FortiCare technical support services to new and existing customers, as reflected by an increase in our deferred revenue. We expect to continue to invest in our research and development organization, focusing on both software development and the ongoing development of our hardware platform. Our sales and marketing expense increased as we continued to increase our sales and marketing headcount to drive continued market share gains globally. We expect to continue to make investments in our sales resources and infrastructure and marketing strategy, which are critical to support growth. Our effective tax rate was impacted by the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and a one-time transition tax due to the 2017 tax act. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months, with future capital requirements depending on various factors, including our growth rate and investments in new products and services offerings. Our business strategy includes leveraging IT capabilities to enhance operational efficiency, improve customer relationships, and drive innovation in response to market dynamics and consumer demands.