Our management team has adopted a strategic plan to transform GM into the world's most valued automotive company, which includes leading in technology and innovation, including electrification, autonomous, data monetization, and connectivity. We continue to strategically assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital, which involves evaluating opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. Our capital allocation program includes reinvesting in our business at an average target return on invested capital-adjusted rate of 20% or greater, maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet, and returning available cash to shareholders. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings, and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section of this MD&A and item 1A. risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We face continuing challenges from a market, operating, and regulatory standpoint in a number of countries across the globe due to weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, emissions standards, foreign exchange volatility, and political uncertainty. Our ability to manage risks related to security breaches and other disruptions to our vehicles, information technology networks, and systems is critical. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. Our overall financial targets include total annual operational and functional cost savings of $6.5 billion through 2018 compared to 2014 costs, which will more than offset our planned incremental investments in brand building, engineering, and technology as we launch new products. We expect core EBIT-adjusted and core adjusted automotive free cash flow to be in line with 2017. Our management uses non-GAAP measures in its financial, investment, and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting, and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. We continue to strategically assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital. Our board of directors uses certain of these and other measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based compensation plans. Our technology capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We believe these non-GAAP measures are useful for our investors as they allow management and investors to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons, and benchmark performance between periods and among geographic regions to understand operating performance without regard to items we do not consider a component of our core operating performance.