The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Their energy and talent drive Alphabet and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. The increase in TAC to distribution partners was a result of an increase in Google properties revenues and the associated TAC rate. The increase in TAC to Google network members was a result of an increase in Google network members' properties revenues and the associated TAC rate. The increase in the Google properties TAC rate was driven by changes in partner agreements and the ongoing shift to mobile, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. The increase in the aggregate TAC rate was also partially offset by a favorable revenue mix shift from Google network members' properties to Google properties. Our advertising revenue growth rate has fluctuated over time as a result of a number of factors, including challenges in maintaining our growth rate as revenues increase to higher levels, changes in our product mix, increasing competition, query growth rates, our investments in new business strategies, shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues, and the evolution of the online advertising market. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices and modalities, and our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors, including Google network members TAC rates, which are affected by the continued underlying shift in advertising buying from our traditional network business to programmatic advertising buying which carries higher TAC. The increase in other cost of revenues was primarily due to increases in data center costs including depreciation, labor, energy, bandwidth, and other equipment costs as a result of business growth, content acquisition costs as a result of increased activities related to YouTube, hardware costs associated with new hardware launches, and stock-based compensation. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions, and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months.