Grainger is focused on improving the end-to-end customer experience by making investments in its ecommerce and digital capabilities and executing continuous improvement initiatives within its supply chain, such that customers have a positive experience with Grainger from order to delivery. The company continued to invest in its worldwide distribution network, digital platforms, and other supporting information technology assets. Grainger's imperative to create unique value is focused on building an advantaged digital capability and executing a complete business model reset in Canada. In 2018, projected spending includes continued investments in the supply chain, ecommerce/digital, and inventory management solutions. Grainger's investments in technology infrastructure are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Grainger's business strategy includes executing its high-value sales and service model, which is supported by its IT capabilities. The implementation of the U.S. ERP system in Canada was noted to have negatively impacted sales as employees transitioned to operating with the new system, indicating the critical role of IT systems in operational effectiveness. Grainger's capital expenditures reflect ongoing investments in technology management, including ecommerce platforms and sustaining capital investments in branches and distribution centers. The company aims to continue to reduce its cost base while ensuring that it delivers an effortless customer experience, which is closely tied to its IT capabilities. Grainger's ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential for meeting changing business needs and directions. The company is also focused on improving its technology functionalities to drive profitable growth in its international portfolio and enhance customer acquisition through innovation. Grainger's strategic resource allocation towards digital technologies and IT governance is designed to support its operational flexibility and market responsiveness. The company's performance metrics are influenced by its capability to integrate technology into its business processes, which is critical for maintaining competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving market environment. Grainger's approach to resource management and investment decisions is informed by its understanding of the interfirm transactions and relationships that are facilitated by its IT capabilities. The emphasis on digital transformation and IT deployment is evident in Grainger's commitment to enhancing its operational processes and customer relationships through effective information management.