We have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, grow our revenues and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency. We are currently investing in initiatives such as additional care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. Our provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients. Management relies on the results of detailed reviews of historical write-offs and recoveries at facilities that represent a majority of our revenues and accounts receivable as a primary source of information in estimating the collectibility of our accounts receivable. We perform the hindsight analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-month accounts receivable collection and write-off data. We believe our quarterly updates to the estimated allowance for doubtful accounts at each of our hospital facilities provide reasonable valuations of our accounts receivable. The provision for doubtful accounts increased $782 million from $3.257 billion in 2016 to $4.039 billion in 2017. The self-pay revenue deductions for charity care and uninsured discounts increased $710 million and $1.473 billion, respectively, during 2017 compared to 2016. The sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care was 34.9% for 2017 compared to 33.0% for 2016. We continue to invest in our Parallon subsidiary group to leverage key components of our support infrastructure, including revenue cycle management, health care group purchasing, supply chain management and staffing functions. Our ability to attract and retain physicians is enhanced by providing high quality, convenient facilities with advanced technology. We believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business, increasing our profitability and creating long-term value for our stockholders. Our growth strategy includes expanding our footprint through developing various outpatient access points, including surgery centers, urgent care clinics, freestanding emergency care facilities and walk-in clinics. We believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow the profitability of our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our franchise. We will continue to provide financial and operational resources to analyze and develop our in-market opportunities. We believe the challenges faced by the hospital industry may continue to spur consolidation and we believe our size, scale, national presence and access to capital will position us well to participate in any such consolidation.