The management and franchise segment generates revenue from management and franchise fees charged to third-party hotel owners, which includes the use of our reservation system, marketing, and information technology services. We charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing, and information technology services. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the amount of fixed costs inherent in our business. Our relationships with third-party owners and franchisees also generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. The success and sustainability of our management and franchise business depend on our ability to perform under our management and franchise contracts and maintain good relationships with third-party owners and franchisees. The increase in management and franchise segment revenues and operating income was also due to an increase in licensing and other fees. Our capitalized software costs related to various systems initiatives for the benefit of our hotel owners and our overall corporate operations. We evaluate the economic viability of the property based on its geographic location, the credit quality of the third-party owner, and other factors. By increasing the number of management and franchise contracts with third-party owners, we expect to increase overall return on invested capital and cash available for return to stockholders. The increase in revenues from our managed and franchised properties was driven by the addition of new managed and franchised properties to our portfolio and the increases in revpar at our comparable managed and franchised hotels. The increases in other revenues during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were primarily the result of recoveries from the settlement of a claim by Hilton to a third party relating to our defined benefit plans. Our capital expenditures for property and equipment primarily consisted of expenditures related to our corporate facilities and the renovation of hotels in our ownership segment, which included those owned by Park following completion of the spin-offs. Our investment policy is focused on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments and returning available capital to stockholders. The majority of our restricted cash and cash equivalents balance related to cash collateral on our self-insurance programs. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees, and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily the result of increased share-based compensation expense mainly due to an increase in retirement-eligible participants. We capitalize costs associated with certain software development projects, and as those projects are completed and placed into service, amortization expense will increase. The increase in management and franchise fees for all periods was driven by the addition of new managed and franchised properties to our portfolio and the increases in revpar at our comparable managed and franchised hotels. Our strategic objectives include the continued expansion of our global footprint and fee-based business. The effectiveness of our management and franchise segment is influenced by our ability to leverage technology resources, including our information technology services, to enhance operational efficiency and support business needs.