During 2017, Honeywell continued to successfully deliver on its financial commitments while creating long-term value for shareowners, which was attributed to the consistent, rigorous deployment of the Honeywell operating system and a history of identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. The company’s strategy and investments are intended to enable it to become one of the world's leading software industrial companies, leveraging its core technological and software strengths in high growth businesses that participate in attractive industrial end markets characterized by favorable global mega-trends. The company emphasizes driving profitable organic growth through research and development and technological excellence to deliver innovative products that customers value, as well as executing on its strategy to become a software-industrial company, which involves products and services that facilitate the connected plane, home, building, and factory. Honeywell has made concerted efforts to revitalize its commercial excellence processes, such as velocity product development, which enables higher organic revenue at better margins. The company’s focus on expanding margins includes maintaining and improving its cost structure through manufacturing and administrative process improvements, repositioning, and other productivity actions. Additionally, Honeywell is committed to executing disciplined, rigorous mergers and acquisitions and integration processes to deliver growth through acquisitions, aligning its operating structure to benefit from the territorial tax system being implemented by the Tax Act. The company’s operational segment profit increased due to productivity, net of inflation, and higher organic sales volume, while costs of products and services sold decreased primarily due to divestitures and productivity. Honeywell’s investments in capital expenditures are focused on high return projects, with expectations to spend approximately $900 million for capital expenditures in 2018 primarily for growth, production and capacity expansion, cost reduction, maintenance, and replacement. The company’s ability to consistently grow earnings is linked to its strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility, which allows it to respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer demands. Honeywell’s organizational capabilities are further enhanced through its focus on information management, ensuring the provision of data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. The company’s approach to managing its businesses emphasizes maximizing operating cash flows as the primary source of liquidity, alongside available cash and committed credit lines. Honeywell continuously assesses the relative strength of each business in its portfolio in terms of strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution, identifying acquisition candidates that will further its strategic plan and strengthen its existing core businesses. The company also identifies businesses that do not fit into its long-term strategic plan for potential divestiture or restructuring, thereby aligning its operational capabilities with evolving market conditions and technological advancements.