Our business environment has been characterized by industry consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing, and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; market participants' rising demand for speed, data capacity, and connectivity, which requires ongoing investment in technology; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. We operate regulated marketplaces for listing, trading, and clearing a broad array of derivatives and securities contracts across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, interest rates, equities, equity derivatives, ETFs, credit derivatives, bonds, and currencies. We also offer end-to-end data services and solutions to support the trading, investment, risk management, and connectivity needs of customers around the world across all major asset classes. Our data services revenues increased primarily due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers, and the development of new and enhanced products serving the need for an expanded range of data, regulatory compliance, and analytics solutions. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. The ability to evolve existing products to serve emerging needs, develop new products, and respond to competitive dynamics in pricing, exclusivity, and consolidation is important to our business. The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes regarding global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations, greater emphasis on risk management, market fragmentation driven by regulatory changes, the move to passive investing and indexation, ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets, increased electronification of fixed income and other less automated markets, and the development of new data products. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with our acquisitions and growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, our integrations, and other investments. The strong performance of our technology capabilities has been a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.