We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. We are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, and we believe marketing and product innovations that target fast-growing population segments could drive market growth. Additionally, as more consumers are faced with a busy and on-the-go lifestyle, sales of single-serve beverages could increase, which typically have higher margins. We believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences. Our ability to issue unsecured commercial paper notes has been limited, subject to approval, which may impact our operational flexibility. Our capital expenditures primarily related to machinery and equipment, building and improvements, IT investments, and our distribution fleet. We have shown a disciplined approach to strategic investments in certain allied brands to enhance our position in premium and high-growth categories and strengthen our existing distribution partnerships. We may continue to make future equity investments in allied brands and/or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors, and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage. Our completion of the bai brands merger will allow us to continue distribution and capture additional growth as a result of key trends. We believe the north American market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties, including increased competition in the market, where competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences. Our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors may be impacted by disruptions in financial and credit markets. We believe uncertainties and trends affecting our business may impact liquidity, including continued capital expenditures and future mergers or acquisitions. The impact of the bai brands merger includes acquired operating costs, primarily marketing investments, and transaction expenses. Our growth in branded non-carbonated beverages is driven by distribution gains and product innovation. We have recognized an income tax benefit driven by the impact of the recent U.S. federal tax law change and the adoption of the new accounting standard for stock-based compensation. We believe our operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. We have not identified any impairments in goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets during recent years, and we conduct tests for impairment annually. Our estimates and judgments regarding pension benefits and income taxes are based on historical experience and future expectations. The estimation of our liability for retained risks is judgmental and uncertain, and we believe the use of actuarial methods to estimate our future losses provides a consistent and effective way to measure our self-insured liabilities.