As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally. Technological advancements and innovations may disrupt marketplaces and businesses. Our ability to grow our revenues depends in part on our ability to attract new capital and investors, our successful deployment of capital including from our balance sheet and our ability to realize investments. Our ability to successfully deploy capital is dependent upon our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. We seek to make investments that have an ability to achieve our targeted returns while taking on a reasonable level of risk. We have a long-term investment horizon, and the capital deployed in any one quarter may vary significantly from the capital deployed in any other quarter or the quarterly average of capital deployed in any given year. Reduced levels of transaction activity also tend to result in reduced potential future investment gains, lower transaction fees, and lower fees for our capital markets business. Our ability to attract new capital and investors in our funds is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry generally, and our investment products specifically, as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. We have expanded into strategies such as energy, infrastructure, real estate, growth equity, core, credit, and, through strategic manager partnerships, hedge funds. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments. The performance of the credit markets has had an amplified impact on our financial results, as we directly bear the full extent of losses from credit instruments on our balance sheet. Our management companies bear no obligations with respect to financing arrangements at our consolidated funds. Our management believes that excluding the remeasurement of the tax receivable agreement from economic net income is meaningful as it increases comparability between periods. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments. The significant widening of credit spreads is also typically expected to negatively impact equity markets, which in turn would negatively impact our portfolio. Our segment revenues consist of fees, performance income, and investment income. We have access to funding under various credit facilities, other borrowing arrangements, and other sources of liquidity that we have entered into with major financial institutions or which we receive from the capital markets. Our capital markets business is dependent on the overall capital markets environment, which is influenced by equity prices, credit spreads, and volatility. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business, including seeding new strategies, funding our capital commitments made to existing and future funds, co-investments, and any net capital requirements of our capital markets companies and otherwise supporting investment vehicles which we sponsor. We may also be required to fund various underwriting, syndications, and fronting commitments in our capital markets business in connection with the underwriting of loans, securities, or other financial instruments. Our ability to realize investments is dependent on the strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets generally, and the initial public offering market specifically. The valuation of our level III investments at December 31, 2017 represents management's best estimate of the amounts that we would anticipate realizing on the sale of these investments in an orderly transaction at such date.