The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions in applying our accounting policies that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies, or to increase their production volumes in response to market demand or expansion plans. The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits that are incorporated into sophisticated mobile devices. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. To do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development. We have maintained production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. The timing for our customers in ordering and taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment is also determined by our customers' requirements to meet the next generation production ramp schedules, and the timing for capacity expansion to meet end customer demand. Our business is affected by the concentration of our customer base and our customers' capital equipment procurement schedules as a result of their investment plans. The semiconductor industry has also been characterized by constant technological innovation. Currently, there are multiple drivers for growth in the industry with increased demand for chips providing computation power and connectivity for AI applications and support for mobile devices at the leading edge of foundry chip manufacturing. We believe that, over the long term, our customers will continue to invest in advanced technologies and new materials to enable smaller design rules and higher density applications that fuel demand for process control equipment. Our customer base continues to become more highly concentrated over time, thereby increasing the potential impact of a sudden change in capital spending by a major customer on our revenues and profitability. The demand for more advanced and lower-cost chips used in a growing number of consumer electronics, communications, data processing, and industrial and automotive products has resulted in a favorable demand environment for our process control and yield management solutions. The timing, length, intensity, and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable. We are also subject to the cyclical capital spending that has historically characterized the semiconductor and semiconductor-related industries. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. Changes in gross margin percentage driven by revenue volume of products and services reflect our ability to leverage existing infrastructure to generate higher revenues. Our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, and others of which relate to the uncertainties of global and regional economies and the semiconductor and the semiconductor equipment industries. We believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances and our $500.0 million unfunded revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividends, stock repurchases, and other contractual obligations.