Throughout this MD&A, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or GAAP, and are therefore referred to as non-GAAP financial measures. These measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. We manage our portfolio to balance growth, profit margin, and cash flow, and we invest in our brands, innovation, and growth initiatives. The 2018 global restructuring program will reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying the company's manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. This program will make our overhead organization structure and manufacturing supply chain less complex and more efficient. We expect to close or sell approximately 10 manufacturing facilities and expand production capacity at several others. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. We expect to incur incremental capital spending of approximately $600 to $700 by the end of 2020 to implement this program. Our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. Our share of net income of equity companies was impacted by higher input costs, partially offset by benefits from sales growth and cost savings. We expect net sales to increase 1 to 2 percent, and we anticipate changes in foreign currency exchange rates to have a neutral to 1 percent positive impact on net sales. The volume increase was driven by gains in Latin America, primarily Argentina and Brazil, China, Eastern Europe, and the Middle East/Africa. We expect adjusted operating profit growth of 2 to 5 percent. Our effective tax rate in 2017 included a net benefit as a result of U.S. tax reform and related activity. The comparison benefited from volume growth, force cost savings, and lower marketing, research, and general spending. We anticipate making annual payments for other postretirement benefit obligations ranging from $58 in 2018 to more than $60 by 2027. We maintain a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility which expires in 2021. This facility supports our commercial paper program and would provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable for any reason. We have defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and the United Kingdom and have established valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. Our income tax related accounting policies, account balances, and matters affecting income taxes are discussed in detail. The assumptions used as a basis for the forward-looking statements include many estimates that depend on the achievement of future cost savings and projected volume increases. We consider any excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of our investment in our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. We are also party to additional legal proceedings relating to our former health care business, which could affect our business operations and financial results.