Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses, and other organizations worldwide, enabling them to use electronic forms of payment instead of cash and checks. Our recent acquisition of Vocalink Holdings Limited has expanded our capability to process automated clearing house transactions, among other things. We provide value-added offerings such as safety and security products, information services, and consulting, loyalty and reward programs, and issuer and acquirer processing. The competitive and evolving nature of the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. Adverse economic trends have impacted the environment in which we operate, and our financial results may be negatively impacted by actions taken by individual financial institutions or by governmental or regulatory bodies. We continue to monitor political and economic conditions around the world to identify opportunities for the continued growth of our business and to evaluate the evolution of the global payments industry. Our management believes that the presentation of the impact of foreign currency provides relevant information and facilitates an understanding of our operating performance. Our management uses non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes, and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. We generate revenues from assessing our customers based on the gross dollar volume of activity on the products that carry our brands, from the fees we charge our customers for providing transaction processing, and from other payment-related products and services. Our revenue is based upon transactional information accumulated by our systems or reported by our customers. The increase in both 2017 and 2016 was primarily driven by an increase in transactions, dollar volume of activity on cards carrying our brands for both domestic and cross-border transactions, and other payment-related products and services. The primary drivers of changes in general and administrative expenses were personnel expenses, data processing and telecommunication charges, and professional fees. These expenses increased due to capacity growth of our business and higher third-party processing costs. We are exposed to currency devaluation in certain countries, and our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. Our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, our borrowing capacity, and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations. We believe a portion of our historic undistributed accumulated earnings associated with certain foreign subsidiaries will be necessary to fund current and future growth of the related businesses and will remain indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. We are committed to providing safe and secure transactions for the global payments system and work with issuers, merchants, and governments to help deploy standards for these transactions. The impact of foreign currency translation represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different from our U.S. dollar reporting currency, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates directly impact the calculation of gross dollar volume and gross euro volume.