We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications, through functionality and service improvements. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. This strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. We monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. Our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. For our company-operated properties, we continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. In 2017 compared to 2016 at comparable properties, worldwide company-operated house profit margins increased by 80 basis points and worldwide company-operated house profit per available room increased by 5.4 percent on a constant U.S. dollar basis, reflecting higher revenue per available room, improved productivity, and procurement and synergy savings. We continue to invest in our workforce by offering an additional one-time contribution to our retirement savings plans. Structured as a $5-to-$1 company match of up to $1,000, we expect the vast majority of participating associates would receive this incremental company contribution. This contribution will be available to eligible associates at company-operated hotels, as well as those in corporate and regional offices, in the U.S. We also expect to invest in global associate support programs. We estimate an overall cost of $140 million for these investments in our workforce, with approximately $70 million of that amount coming from proceeds from the 2017 sale of our interest in Avendra. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. Managed properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. We believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, and they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. Actual results may differ significantly. Additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates, or assessments due to unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. We expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include new construction, loans, guarantees, and noncontrolling equity investments. The ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks inherent in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We continue to enhance our technology infrastructure to support operational efficiency and improve our service delivery.