We have been working to optimize our cost structure, which includes reinventing our supply chain operations and aggressively managing overhead costs. Through these actions, we're leveraging our brands, platforms, and capabilities to drive long-term value and return on investment for our shareholders. On June 27, 2017, a global malware incident impacted our business, affecting a significant portion of our global sales, distribution, and financial networks. We executed business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages, and restore our systems environment. We have now restored our main operating systems and processes as well as enhanced our system security. During 2017, we estimate that the loss of revenue as a result of the malware incident had a negative impact of 0.4% on our net revenue and organic net revenue growth. We also incurred incremental expenses of $84 million predominantly during the second half of 2017 as part of the recovery effort. We believe the recovery from this incident is largely resolved, and we do not expect significant ongoing impacts or incremental expenses from this incident in future periods. We also continue to make progress on our efforts to strengthen our security measures and mitigate cybersecurity risk. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets, which have greater political, economic, and currency volatility. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through new product innovations and product quality. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. We manage these costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing, and tax planning. We expect to continue to invest in our global power brands and routes to market while we protect our margins through the management of costs and pricing. Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts, and financing costs. We continue to monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. We have begun to see some improvements in global economic growth and a weaker U.S. dollar in 2017, but geopolitical and economic uncertainties still exist. Our focus on investing in our brand and snacks portfolio, while building strong routes to market, addresses the needs of consumers in emerging and developed markets. We anticipate driving demand in our categories and growing our position in these markets. We expect continued volatility across our markets, particularly emerging markets, and we are focused on investing in our global power brands and routes to market while managing costs and pricing. Our strategic management practices are aimed at leveraging our operational capabilities to enhance our competitive positioning and market responsiveness.