In 2017, we continued to focus on our three main revenue growth priorities: helping businesses expand their use of our mobile products, developing innovative ad products that help businesses get the most of their ad campaigns, and making our ads more relevant and effective through our targeting capabilities and outcome-based measurement. We continued to invest, based on our roadmap, in our most developed ecosystem, the Facebook app and platform as well as video, driving growth and building ecosystems around our products and features that already have significant user bases, such as Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp, and long-term technology initiatives, such as connectivity, artificial intelligence, and augmented and virtual reality, that we believe will further our mission to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Trends in the number of users affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, the volume of payments transactions, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. The increase in average price per ad was driven by an increase in demand for our ad inventory; factors contributing to this include an increase in spend from existing marketers and an increase in the number of marketers actively advertising on our platform as well as the quality, relevance, and performance of those ads. The increase in the ads delivered was driven by an increase in users and their engagement and an increase in the number and frequency of ads displayed on news feed, partially offset by increasing user engagement with video content and other product changes. Our cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products, including expenses related to the operation of our data centers, such as facility and server equipment depreciation, salaries, benefits, and share-based compensation for employees on our operations teams, and energy and bandwidth costs. We anticipate that the cost of revenue will increase as we continue to expand our data center capacity and technical infrastructure to support user growth, increased user engagement, and the delivery of new products and services. Research and development expenses in 2017 increased due to an increase in payroll and benefits as a result of a growth in employee headcount in engineering and other technical functions, partially offset by a decrease in share-based compensation related to acquisitions. We plan to continue to hire software engineers and other technical employees, and to increase our investment to support our research and development initiatives. Marketing and sales expenses in 2017 increased due to increases in payroll and benefits expenses as a result of a growth in employee headcount in our marketing and sales functions, and increases in our consulting and other professional service fees. We expect to continue the hiring of marketing and sales employees to support our marketing, sales, and partnership efforts and to increase our investment in security efforts through the hiring of employees and content reviewers. Our general and administrative expenses increased due to an increase in payroll and benefits expenses as a result of a growth in employee headcount in general and administrative functions, and to a lesser extent, higher legal-related costs. We plan to continue to increase general and administrative expenses to support overall company growth. The increase in cash flow from operating activities during 2017 compared to 2016 was mostly due to an increase in net income, adjusted for certain non-cash items. Cash used in investing activities during 2017 mostly resulted from net purchases of marketable securities and capital expenditures as we continued to invest in servers, data centers, office buildings, and network infrastructure. We anticipate making capital expenditures in 2018 of approximately $14.0 billion to $15.0 billion.