Our products and services help government, public safety, and commercial customers improve their operations through increased effectiveness, efficiency, and safety of their mobile workforces. We continue to invest in software through internal development and strategic acquisitions, as our customers increasingly demand expanded technology solutions that are delivered via software and related services. This includes mobile applications and software in the command center that provide enhanced capabilities such as analytics and predictive intelligence. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend in serving our customers. We expect to continue to see growing demand for our managed and support services going forward. These services offerings help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways, including predictive policing, proactive support, or smarter response strategies. We expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards software and services over time. We remain committed to driving shareholder value with revenue growth, operating leverage, cash flow generation, and efficient capital deployment. Our framework for efficient capital deployment of cash flow from operations consists of approximately: 50% for acquisitions or share repurchases, 30% for dividends, and 20% for investments in the business through capital expenditures. We have a broad, compelling products and services portfolio specifically tailored for our mission-critical communications customer base that spans many layers of governments, public safety, and first responders, as well as commercial and industrial customers in a number of key verticals. As we add new products, features, and software upgrades, we ensure our solutions are interoperable and backward-compatible, enabling customers to confidently invest for their future needs while allowing them to utilize their prior investment in our technology. We have expanded our software solutions and services portfolios in 2017 with the acquisitions of Kodiak Networks and Interexport, respectively. The increase in net sales was driven by growth in managed and support services and integration services absent of acquisitions and the acquisitions of Interexport, Airwave, Spillman Technologies, and Kodiak Networks. The net sales increase in the Americas was driven by managed and support services absent of acquisitions and the acquisitions of Interexport, Spillman Technologies, and Kodiak Networks. The net sales increase in EMEA was driven by the acquisition of Airwave and growth in both managed and support services and integration services absent of acquisitions. Our investments in software and managed services are designed to enhance operational efficiency and address evolving customer needs in a dynamic market environment. We expect continued political and economic uncertainty, particularly with the United Kingdom's planned exit from the European Union, which may influence our strategic resource allocation and investment decisions. The evolving trend towards software-centric solutions and managed services provides a growth opportunity for us, as we adapt to the increasing complexity of communication networks and the demand for innovative technology solutions.