Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading, trading surveillance and many other functions. Our non-transactional businesses provide technology to exchanges, clearing organizations and central securities depositories around the world. We also offer companies and other organizations access to innovative products, software solutions and services that increase transparency, mitigate risk, improve board efficiency and facilitate better corporate governance. The business performance is impacted by a number of drivers including changing technology, particularly in the financial services industry, and the demand for speed, efficiency, and reliability. Our strategy consists of leveraging our market technology and information analytics expertise across our global capital markets. The focus for both our non-transactional and transactional businesses continues to include identifying organic growth and developing adjacent opportunities to our existing businesses. Our non-transactional businesses seek to provide increased transparency and analytics to the investment community and to expand our market technology offerings that power trading, post-trade and surveillance. We expect regulation to evolve as governments and regulators respond to emerging technologies. The growth of a marketplace economy in financial services and beyond, the need for new analytic capabilities to process the data explosion, and our existing clients' continued outsourcing of non-differentiating capabilities and processes create opportunities for our non-transactional businesses. During 2017, we continued to invest in the Nasdaq financial framework, which is our market technology modular architecture that will provide next generation capital market capabilities, including the integration of blockchain technology across the issuance and settlement of securities, as well as cloud-enabled trading and clearing. Our service delivery model continues to evolve as we move from deployed software to a platform-as-a-service approach as cloud capabilities and market acceptance mature. We believe that our future will continue to be determined by our ability to satisfy our customer's evolving needs and to allocate resources in strategic areas which will yield attractive returns. We expect to leverage our technology strengths to offer new products that expand and strengthen our relationships with existing and new customers. The performance of our market data products offerings reflects overall market conditions as well as our ability to offer market participants superior performance and efficiency relative to our competitors' products. We continue to look for opportunities to expand product sales through additional geographic expansion and new opportunities such as Evestment. The implementation of new legislative and regulatory initiatives, notably MiFID II in Europe, and the continued rapid progression and deployment of new technology in the financial services industry will create both challenges in our existing businesses, as well as new opportunities for growth. Our technology capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. We believe that our diversified businesses position us well to compete in an uncertain market environment.