We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming, including tv series and movies. As we expand our original programming, we have become responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments. We are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and internet video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party web hosting provider. We also utilize third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. We have architected our software and computer systems to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by AWS. The technology we use in operating our business must operate to expectations; if it fails or is unavailable, our business and results of operation could be adversely impacted. We have built and deployed our own content-delivery network ("cdn"). If we experience difficulties in its operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted. We also utilize third-party technology to help market our service, process payments, and otherwise manage the daily operations of our business. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members and add new members may be impaired. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber-attacks, both from state-sponsored and individual activity. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. We have agreements with various cable, satellite and telecommunications operators to make our service available through the television set-top boxes of these service providers. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, business or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely impacted. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our members' data. Despite these measures, we could experience an unauthorized intrusion into our members' data. If such a breach occurs, our business could be adversely affected and our larger reputation with respect to data protection could be negatively impacted.