Throughout 2017, we further pursued our strategic plan, focused on a balanced approach of growth, increasing efficiency, and delivering a strong customer service product. Operational leverage allowed us to grow our business by providing a competitive service product to our customers while simultaneously driving productivity. We remain committed to consistently providing high levels of rail service and increasing the efficiency of our resources, thereby generating higher returns on capital and increasing shareholder value. The increases in net income for both comparisons resulted from higher income from railway operations. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds. We have a $44 million valuation allowance on $366 million of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2017, reflecting the expectation that almost all of these assets will be realized. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful in evaluating our business, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We utilize an independent actuarial consulting firm's studies to assist us in selecting appropriate actuarial assumptions and valuing related liabilities. The increase in 2017 was due to higher revenue per unit, a result of pricing gains and changes in the traffic mix. We expect higher average revenue per unit driven by pricing gains, as well as overall pricing gains. The decline in 2016 reflected lower revenue per unit, the effects of reduced fuel surcharges and changes in traffic mix, which more than offset price increases. We expect higher intermodal revenues due to increased average revenue per unit, driven by higher fuel surcharge revenues and rate increases, as well as higher volumes. We experienced an overall increase in expense compared to the prior year, reflecting higher fuel expense, incentive compensation, inflationary increases, and volume-related costs, partially offset by improved productivity and increased equity in earnings of certain investees as a result of the enactment of tax reform. The increase in 2017 was a result of higher volume, primarily in the export market, and higher revenue per unit, driven by fuel surcharge revenue and pricing gains. The decline in 2016 was a result of lower carload volumes across all markets and decreased average revenue per unit, primarily due to reduced fuel surcharge revenues. Our debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 37.5% at December 31, 2017, compared with 45.1% at December 31, 2016. We expect our effective tax rate to approximate 24% on a go-forward basis. We have authority from our board of directors to issue an additional $1.2 billion of debt or equity securities through public or private sale, all of which provide for access to additional liquidity should the need arise. We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We largely bargain nationally in concert with other major railroads, represented by the National Carriers Conference Committee (NCCC).