We operate primarily fee-based businesses in each of our three reportable segments, and our consolidated earnings were approximately 90 percent fee-based in 2017. Increased producer activity and volume growth across our assets have increased demand for midstream infrastructure, which we are responding to by constructing assets to meet the needs of natural gas processors and producers. Our growth strategy in our natural gas liquids segment is focused around the crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas drilling activity in shale and other nonconventional resource areas. The development of shale and other resource areas has continued to increase available natural gas supply, and we expect producers to require incremental transportation services in the future as additional supply is developed. We expect to fund growth projects with cash from operations, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt, and we manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt, and interest-rate swaps. Our centralized cash management program provides financial flexibility and lowers the cost of borrowing, transaction costs, and bank fees. We have satisfied our expected equity financing needs through 2018 and well into 2019, and our projected capital expenditures for 2018 have increased compared with 2017 due primarily to our announced capital-growth projects. Our capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt, and the issuance of equity. The timing and extent of changes in energy commodity prices may also increase the demand for our services from electric-generation companies if they convert to a natural gas fuel source. We expect our sources of cash inflow to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures, and quarterly cash dividends, including expected future dividend increases. Our ability to acquire all necessary permits, consents, or other approvals in a timely manner is crucial for the construction of gathering, processing, storage, fractionation, and transportation facilities. The abundance of natural gas supply and regulations on emissions from coal-fired electric-generation plants may also increase demand for our services. We assess our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. Our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. The results of administrative proceedings and litigation, regulatory actions, rule changes, and receipt of expected clearances involving any local, state, or federal regulatory body may impact our operations and market positioning. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. Our ability to control operating costs and the mechanical integrity of facilities operated are critical to maintaining operational efficiency. Changes in demand for the use of natural gas, ngls, and crude oil because of market conditions caused by concerns about climate change may also influence our business strategies and operational decisions.