In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. We believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth, sales from the acquired bond stores, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events, continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores, compensation programs for all store team members that provide incentives for performance, and our continued focus on serving both do-it-yourself and professional service provider customers. Our operating activities reflect our investment in inventory, net of the amount of accounts payable to suppliers, and we have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product. Our technological capabilities enable us to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs. The improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better-engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. These vehicles require less frequent repairs, as the component parts are more durable and last for longer periods of time, which creates pressure on customer transaction counts. The increase in customer transaction counts was supported by an increase in miles driven and the corresponding increase in vehicle maintenance, lower year-over-year gas prices, and decreasing unemployment levels, creating an overall positive macroeconomic environment. We have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences, and we also have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance. Our liquidity and capital resources are primarily derived from funds generated from operations and borrowed under our unsecured revolving credit facility, which is essential for funding our long-term business strategy that requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, and expand distribution infrastructure. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. Our strategic resource allocation includes investments in technology infrastructure and operational flexibility, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage and enhancing organizational capabilities. The adoption of new accounting standards and the evaluation of their impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows are part of our strategic management practices. The integration of technology into our business processes is fundamental to our operational efficiency and effectiveness, allowing us to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands efficiently.