We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, human resource ("HR"), retirement, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our continued investment in our Paychex Flex platform during fiscal 2017 demonstrates that we are committed to providing industry-leading solutions to our clients and their employees. We believe our leading-edge technology, along with our personalized, flexible service, will help our clients stay more connected to their employees and their businesses. Our HR administration services are included as part of the integrated HCM solution within Paychex Flex. We support small-business companies through our core payroll, utilizing our proprietary, robust, software-as-a-service ("SaaS") Paychex Flex® platform, and our SurePayroll® SaaS-based products. Mid-market companies typically have more sophisticated payroll and benefits needs, and are serviced through our Paychex Flex enterprise solution set, which offers an integrated suite of HCM solutions through the Paychex Flex platform. The enhanced data analytics tool and reports assist HR leaders with making more informed business decisions. Our full-service Paychex Employer Shared Responsibility ("ESR") services continued to show growth in fiscal 2017. Paychex ESR services help clients navigate the complexities of the Affordable Care Act ("ACA"), avoid steep fines and penalties, and reduce ACA-related administrative work. During fiscal 2017, we enhanced our full-service ESR product, offering an all-new online dashboard for ease of predictive employer workforce analysis and risk monitoring, as well as year-end reporting. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. Our mission is to be the leading provider of payroll, HR, and employee benefits services for small- and mid-sized companies by being an essential partner with America's businesses. We believe success in this mission will lead to strong long-term financial performance. Our payroll processing services, the foundation of our service model, include leveraging payroll processing data, which are beneficial to our operating margin. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue, and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. Our financial results for fiscal 2017 reflected another year of solid growth. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our strategy emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The growth in our client base and service offerings reflects our commitment to enhancing our technology capabilities and operational efficiency, which are essential for maintaining competitive advantage in the market.