Our business discussion provides a review of the regions and markets where we operate and compete, as well as our strategy for conducting our businesses within these markets, focusing on operational excellence, financial strength, and making disciplined investments. We continue to focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including improving utility operations through growth in investment in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency and to meet customer expectations and public policy objectives. We are modernizing PSE&G's gas distribution systems as part of our gas system modernization program that was approved by the BPU in late 2015. Over the past few years, these types of investments have altered our business mix to reflect a higher percentage of earnings contribution by PSE&G. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission projects that focus on reliability improvements and replacement of aging infrastructure. We also continue to make investments to improve the resiliency of our gas and electric distribution system as part of our energy strong program that was approved by the BPU in 2014. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of opportunities in a rapidly evolving market as we remain diligent in managing costs. Our diverse fuel mix and dispatch flexibility allowed us to generate approximately 51 terra-watt hours while addressing fuel availability and price volatility. We utilize rigorous investment criteria when deploying capital and seek to invest in areas that complement our existing business and provide reasonable risk-adjusted returns. These areas include upgrading our energy infrastructure, responding to trends in environmental protection, and providing new energy supplies in domestic markets with growing demand. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-growing economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described. Our primary investment opportunities are in two areas: our regulated utility business and our merchant power business. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value. In assessing our options, we consider a wide variety of factors, including the performance and prospects of our businesses; the views of investors, regulators, and rating agencies; our existing indebtedness and restrictions it imposes; and tax considerations, among other things. We are developing a retail energy business to sell energy, which we believe complements our existing wholesale marketing business. Power began these marketing activities in 2017 and has been granted retail energy supplier licenses in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Maryland.