Our strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including the disruption of retail and the expansion of hard discounters. We intend to focus on the following areas to address and adapt to these challenges: continuing our investments in e-commerce and digital solutions to meet changing consumer consumption patterns and capture cost savings while streamlining our operations. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce capabilities, distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We leverage an integrated risk management framework to identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate risks across the company's operations. The Pepsico Risk Committee meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. Our ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-saving opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives. We manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. We continue to invest in our associates so that we have the best talent to position our company for continued growth. We regularly evaluate different productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plans and other initiatives discussed above. Our investment objective includes ensuring that funds are available to meet the plans' benefit obligations when they become due. Our overall investment policy is to prudently invest plan assets in a well-diversified portfolio of equity and high-quality debt securities and real estate to achieve our long-term return expectations. Our investment policy also permits the use of derivative instruments to reduce interest rate and foreign currency risks. We utilize the strength of our distribution system to offer consumers a wide array of choices, from "fun-for-you" to "better-for-you" to "good-for-you" products to meet consumers' demand for more nutritious foods and beverages. Our corporate audit department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal controls through periodic audit and review procedures. We have maintained strong governance policies and practices for many years, which are reinforced through our global code of conduct. The management of Pepsico is responsible for the objectivity and integrity of our consolidated financial statements, which include preparing the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We are committed to providing timely, accurate and understandable information to investors. We continuously review our business results and strategies, encompassing financial discipline in our strategic and daily business decisions. Our executive committee is actively involved in understanding strategies and alternatives to reviewing key initiatives and financial performance. We also have a compliance & ethics department, led by our chief compliance & ethics officer, who coordinates our compliance policies and practices. We are currently evaluating when to repatriate funds currently held by our foreign subsidiaries and how to utilize such funds, including whether to utilize such funds or other available methods of debt financing for our anticipated share repurchases, dividend payments, scheduled debt maturities, discretionary benefit plan contributions, capital expenditures, certain investments into our business or other uses.