The company believes many opportunities for growth are available, focusing primarily on business opportunities in areas such as energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. The company intends to meet its strategic objectives by serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience, successfully executing its win strategy initiatives relating to premier customer service, financial performance, and profitable growth, maintaining its decentralized division and sales company structure, and engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency, and productivity. The increase in operating margins in 2017 in the diversified industrial north American operations was primarily due to lower operating expenses resulting from the company's simplification initiative and other restructuring activities, resulting in manufacturing efficiencies. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from workforce reduction measures taken during 2017 will increase 2018 operating income in the diversified industrial north American operations and the diversified industrial international operations. The company expects to continue to take actions necessary to appropriately structure the operations of the diversified industrial segment, including the integration of 2017 acquisitions. The increase in total diversified industrial segment backlog in 2017 was primarily due to current-year acquisitions as well as orders exceeding shipments in all regions, with North America and Europe each accounting for approximately 40 percent of the increase. The company recognizes that changes in business relationships with major customers, suppliers, or distributors, including delays or cancellations in shipments, can impact performance. The ability to identify acceptable strategic acquisition targets and uncertainties surrounding the timing, successful completion, or integration of acquisitions are also critical factors. The company makes strategic decisions regarding capital allocation initiatives, including the timing, price, and execution of share repurchases. The discussion of business segment information presents sales, operating income, and assets on a basis consistent with the manner in which the company's various businesses are managed for internal review and decision-making. The company's ability to manage costs related to insurance and employee retirement and healthcare benefits, as well as compliance costs associated with environmental laws and regulations, are essential for maintaining operational efficiency. The company continually monitors its reporting units for impairment indicators and updates assumptions used in the most recent calculation of the fair value of a reporting unit as appropriate. The company believes that its receivables are collectible and appropriate allowances for doubtful accounts have been recorded, reflecting its capability in information management. The company also assesses its existing businesses and initiates efforts to divest businesses that are not considered to be a good long-term strategic fit. The company anticipates diversified industrial North American sales for 2018 will increase significantly from the 2017 level, driven primarily by the sales contribution from 2017 acquisitions. The company's principal sources of liquidity are its cash flows provided by operating activities, commercial paper borrowings, or borrowings directly from its line of credit. The company does not believe that the level of its non-U.S. cash position will adversely affect working capital needs, planned growth, repayment of maturing debt, benefit plan funding, dividend payments, or share repurchases. The company has a line of credit totaling $2,000 million through a multi-currency revolving credit agreement, with a significant portion available at the reporting date. The company's ability to borrow funds at desirable tenors and interest rates may be impacted by its credit ratings, but it does not believe this will hinder future borrowing capabilities.