The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes. We are building our future on smoke-free products that are a much better consumer choice than continuing to smoke cigarettes. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our vision is that these products ultimately replace cigarettes to the benefit of adult smokers, society, our company, and our shareholders. Our cigarettes are sold in more than 180 markets, and in many of these markets, they hold the number one or number two market share position. We have a range of reduced-risk products (RRPs) in various stages of development, scientific assessment, and commercialization. Because our RRPs do not burn tobacco, they produce an aerosol that contains far lower quantities of harmful and potentially harmful constituents than found in cigarette smoke. We managed our business in four segments to provide a greater focus on both parts of our business—combustible and reduced-risk products—and to support our transformation toward a smoke-free future. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. We often collect excise taxes from our customers and then remit them to governments, and in those circumstances, we include the excise taxes in our net revenues. Our marketing, administration, and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration, and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. As a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their common stock. The changes in our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2017, from the comparable 2016 amounts were driven by the sale of RRPs, mainly in Japan. The impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act reduced net earnings by $1.6 billion, but there was no net impact on operating cash flows for the year. The difference between the 21% statutory rate under the new law and our effective rate reflects the fact that we operate in markets outside the United States. During 2017, we did not have an EPS impact related to asset impairment and exit costs. Adjusted diluted EPS should be considered neither in isolation nor as a substitute for reported diluted EPS prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This 2018 guidance excludes the impact of any future acquisitions, unanticipated asset impairment and exit cost charges, future changes in currency exchange rates, and any unusual events. The factors described in item 1A risk factors represent continuing risks to these projections.