We continue to invest in our products and services, and markets and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and putting customers' needs first. Leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes is a key strategic priority designed to enhance value over the long term. Our capital priorities support client growth and business investment while maintaining appropriate capital in light of economic conditions. Noninterest expense increased reflecting higher levels of business activity and ongoing investments in technology and business infrastructure. We completed actions and achieved our continuous improvement program savings goal, which funded a significant portion of our business and technology investments, including enhanced digital capabilities. Retail banking continues to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. We are focused on meeting the financial needs of our customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking, and investment products. Our deposit strategy is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances, executing on market-specific deposit growth strategies, and providing a source of low-cost funding and liquidity. We have a goal of achieving cost savings through our continuous improvement program, which we expect will partially fund our ongoing business and technology investments. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment is critical. We actively monitor and balance the relationship between increases in rates paid and overall profitability of our deposit balances. We have established risk management policies and procedures to provide direction, guidance, and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. Our governance structure supports risk identification by facilitating assessment of key risk issues, emerging risks, and idiosyncratic risks and implementation of mitigation strategies as appropriate. Our operational risk management framework supports effective and consistent management of operational risk, enabling us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our risk appetite. We utilize operational risk management programs within the framework, including risk control and self-assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event review and analysis, to assess existing risks. Our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines. Our enterprise risk management framework is structurally aligned with enhanced prudential standards that establish minimum requirements for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework. We actively focus on the timely adoption of regulatory pronouncements within our enterprise risk management framework. Our internal audit provides the board of directors and executive management comprehensive assurance on the effectiveness of risk management practices across the organization. We continue to evaluate and enhance our use of internal commercial loss data and will periodically update our probability of default and loss given default assessments as well as consider third-party data, regulatory guidance, and management judgment.