We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet such challenges effectively. Allocated overhead represents administrative expenses for shared general corporate functions, which are allocated to self-storage property operations to the extent their efforts are devoted to self-storage operations. Such functions include information technology, human resources, operational accounting and finance, marketing, and costs of senior executives. Allocated overhead increased 5.1% in 2017 as compared to 2016, due to increased headcount and information technology expenses. We expect greater than inflationary increases in allocated overhead in 2018 due primarily to increased information technology expenses. Our management and operating infrastructure allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for us to fully achieve the higher net operating income, and the ultimate levels of net operating income to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. We believe that our development and redevelopment activities are beneficial to our business over the long run. However, in the short run, such activities dilute our earnings due to the three to four year period that it takes to fill up newly developed and redeveloped storage facilities and reach a stabilized level of cash flows offset by the cost of capital to fund the cost, combined with related overhead expenses flowing through general and administrative expense. We expect the non same store facilities to continue to provide increased net operating income in 2018 as these facilities approach stabilized occupancy levels and the earnings of the 2017 acquisitions are reflected in our operations for a longer period in 2018 as compared to 2017. We also expect to increase the number and net rentable square feet of non same store facilities through development of new self-storage facilities, redevelopment of existing facilities and acquisitions of facilities. Our capital resources include approximately $200 million to $300 million of expected retained operating cash flow for the next twelve months. Retained operating cash flow represents our expected cash flow provided by operating activities, less shareholder distributions and capital expenditures to maintain our real estate facilities. We believe that our net cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing requirements for principal payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. We are experiencing softness in demand in substantially all of our major markets, which has led to lower move-in volumes combined with a lack of pricing power with respect to new tenants. We attribute some of this softness to local economic conditions and, in some markets, increased supply of newly constructed self-storage facilities. We are taking a number of actions to improve demand into our system, including increasing marketing spend on the internet, and reducing rental rates and continuing to offer promotional discounts to new tenants. Even if these actions are successful in improving demand into our system, in at least the near term, we believe these actions may have a negative impact on our revenue trends due to less growth in initial rental rates and increased promotional discounts. The increase in net operating income for the non same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of 345 self-storage facilities acquired, developed or expanded since January 2015. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows.