The services we provide include the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of infrastructure within each of the industries we serve, such as electric power transmission and distribution networks, substation facilities, renewable energy facilities, and pipeline transmission and distribution systems and facilities. Our integrated operations and common administrative support at each of our operating units require that certain allocations be made to determine segment profitability, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, such as facility costs, indirect operating expenses including depreciation, and general and administrative costs. We have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers and strive to develop and maintain our status as a preferred service provider to our customers. We recognize revenues on our unit price and cost-plus contracts as units are completed or services are performed. We also enter into strategic partnerships and investment arrangements with customers and infrastructure investors to provide fully integrated infrastructure services on certain projects, including planning and feasibility analysis, engineering, design, procurement, construction, and operation and maintenance, as well as project financing and investment. Our customers are also seeking additional specialized labor resources to address an aging utility workforce and labor availability issues, increasing pressure to reduce costs and improve reliability, and increasing duration and complexity of customer capital programs. We believe these trends will continue, possibly to the point where customer demand for labor resources will outpace the supply of industry resources. Our ability to take advantage of this opportunity is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through the establishment and expansion of our training facility, our recent acquisition of a postsecondary educational institution that provides pre-apprenticeship training and programs for experienced linemen, and other strategic relationships. We continue to evaluate potential strategic acquisitions and investments to broaden our customer base, expand our geographic area of operations, grow our portfolio of services, and increase opportunities across our operations. We believe that attractive growth opportunities exist primarily due to the highly fragmented and evolving nature of the industries in which we operate and adjacent industries, along with the inability of many companies to expand and modernize due to capital or liquidity constraints. We expect demand for electricity in North America to grow over the long term and believe that certain segments of the North American electric power grid are not adequate to efficiently serve the power needs of the future. We anticipate that utilities will continue to integrate smart grid technologies into their distribution systems over time to improve grid management and create efficiencies. We also believe that several existing, pending, or proposed legislative or regulatory actions may positively impact long-term demand for the services we provide, particularly in connection with electric power infrastructure and renewable energy spending. Our industry is capital intensive, and we expect the need for substantial capital expenditures to continue into the foreseeable future to meet the anticipated demand for our services. We also expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions and investments, although we cannot predict the timing or magnitude of the potential cash outlays for these initiatives.