In fiscal 2017, we continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G OFDMA- and 5G-based technologies as well as other technologies to extend the demand for our products and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities, including within adjacent industry segments outside traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, the Internet of Things (IoT), and networking. We expect continued growth in the coming years in consumer demand for 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G products and services around the world, driven primarily by smartphones. Our business and operating segments develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products, including network equipment, broadband gateway equipment, and consumer electronics devices. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents, software, and other rights. The QCT segment develops and supplies integrated circuits and system software based on CDMA, OFDMA, and other technologies for use in mobile devices, wireless networks, devices used in IoT, broadband gateway equipment, consumer electronic devices, and automotive telematics and infotainment systems. We also expect growth in new device categories and industries, driven by the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industry segments outside traditional cellular industries. We are investing in targeted opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter and/or expand into new industry segments, such as products for automotive, IoT, data center, networking, computing, and machine learning. Our QTL segment results were negatively impacted by actions taken by Apple and its contract manufacturers as well as disputes with other licensees, which have affected our licensing revenues. We believe that certain licensees, particularly in China, are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us, and certain companies, including unlicensed companies, are delaying execution of new license agreements. We have made substantial progress in reaching agreements with many companies, primarily in China, and we believe that the conclusion of new agreements with these companies will result in improved reporting by these licensees. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our business model and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. We expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and may challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Our ongoing efforts in research and development are focused on enhancing our IT capabilities, which are essential for supporting our business strategies and operational efficiency. The integration of digital technologies into our processes is critical for maintaining competitive advantage and responding to market dynamics. We also anticipate that our strategic investments will open new opportunities for our technologies and facilitate the growth of our patent portfolio.