The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. Our ability to continue to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a significant portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. The scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations, in particular with Sanofi and Bayer, including our share of collaboration profits or losses from sales of commercialized products, will influence our financial results. Our critical accounting estimates that impact our consolidated financial statements involve significant judgment, particularly regarding the enhancement in value to the related development product candidate and the relative level of effort required to achieve milestones. The lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial resources. We anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for Eylea, Dupixent, Praluent, and Kevzara, as well as in connection with our late-stage antibody product candidates, including Cemiplimab. Our financial condition is influenced by various factors, including revenues from net product sales, the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, and the success of our research and development programs. The amount required to fund operations will depend on various factors, including the status of competitive products and the potential future need to expand our professional and support staff and facilities. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, and funding for reimbursement of research and development costs that we are entitled to receive under our collaboration agreements will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future. The collaboration agreements we have with Sanofi and Bayer for Eylea outside the United States involve sharing profits and losses in connection with commercialization of drug products, which will impact our financial performance. Our collaborators provide us with estimated development expenses for the most recent fiscal quarter, which are reconciled to their actual expenses in the subsequent fiscal quarter. The variability in the duration and costs necessary to develop a pharmaceutical product, potential opportunities and/or uncertainties related to future indications to be studied, and changes in regulatory requirements will affect our research and development activities. We expect that, for the foreseeable future, a portion of our share of profits from sales of Eylea outside the United States and a portion of our share of profits from sales of Dupixent, Praluent, Kevzara, and Cemiplimab will be used to reimburse our collaborator for these obligations. The financial covenants of our credit facility include a maximum total leverage ratio and a minimum interest expense coverage ratio, which we were in compliance with as of December 31, 2017. Our average headcount increased in connection with expanding our manufacturing activities, and we expect to incur capital expenditures primarily in connection with expanding a portion of our manufacturing facilities. The determination to capitalize inventory costs is based on various factors, including the status and expectations of the regulatory approval process, which will influence our operational efficiency and resource allocation.