We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both additions to existing businesses and new strategic platforms. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 and in 2016 was primarily due to increased earnings net of non-cash expenses and higher deferred revenue balances due to an increased percentage of revenue from software and other subscription-based products. This percentage increase is influenced by the risk profile of the underlying receivables, and the timing of write-offs of accounts deemed uncollectible. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to increased sales in our software businesses. Our medical & scientific imaging segment reported a $47.5 million or 3% increase in net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2017 over the year ended December 31, 2016, all of which was attributable to organic growth. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to increased sales in our medical products businesses, led by NDI, and our alternate site healthcare businesses. The increase in organic revenues was due primarily to growth in our software businesses. The resulting operating margin was 25.7% in 2017 as compared to 30.8% in 2016. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. Although our forecasts are based on assumptions that are considered reasonable by management and consistent with the plans and estimates management uses to operate the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment in determining the expected results attributable to the reporting units. We have 33 reporting units with individual goodwill amounts ranging from zero to $2.3 billion. In 2017, we performed our annual impairment test in the fourth quarter for all reporting units. We conducted our analysis qualitatively and assessed whether it was more likely than not that the respective fair value of these reporting units was less than the carrying amount. We determined that impairment of goodwill was not likely in 31 of our reporting units and thus we were not required to perform a quantitative analysis for these reporting units. For the remaining two reporting units, the company performed its quantitative analysis and concluded that the fair value of each of these two reporting units was substantially in excess of its carrying value, with no impairment indicated as of October 1, 2017. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 was due primarily to increased earnings net of non-cash expenses and higher deferred revenue balances due to an increased percentage of revenue from software and other subscription-based products. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to increased sales in our software businesses. We expect the aggregate of capital expenditures and capitalized software expenditures as a percentage of annual net revenues to be between 1.0% and 1.5%. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2018 will be affected by, among other things, the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies.