Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, and corporate offices. We are forecasting approximately $475 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2018 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new Ross and dd's discounts stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. Our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains in fiscal 2017, 2016, and 2015, and we intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. We regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns. Our effective tax rate represents the applicable combined federal and state statutory rates reduced by the federal benefit of state taxes deductible on federal returns. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 will be between 24% and 25%. We recorded an additional tax benefit due to the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Our primary source of operating cash flow is the sale of our merchandise inventory. The increase in cash flow from operating activities in 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily driven by higher earnings, partially offset by the timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year and by the timing of income tax payments. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. We use standby letters of credit outside of our revolving credit facility in addition to a funded trust to collateralize our insurance obligations. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in 2018. We believe our share gains over the past few years were driven mainly by continued focus on value by consumers. Our merchandise and operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day. The increase in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 was primarily due to an increase in our capital expenditures. We cannot be sure that our strategies and store expansion program will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings.