Synopsys, Inc. provides software, intellectual property, and services used by designers across the entire silicon to software spectrum, supporting the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes. Our solutions help semiconductor and electronics systems companies overcome challenges in developing advanced electronics products while also helping them reduce design and manufacturing costs. The research and development budget and spending decisions of our customers may be affected by their business outlook and willingness to invest in new and increasingly complex chip designs. Our growth strategy is based on building on our leadership in our electronic design automation products, expanding our intellectual property offerings, and driving growth in the software security and quality market. We believe that our leading technologies, customer relationships, business model, and acquisition strategy will help us execute our strategies successfully. Our technology subscription licenses reflect inputs to a combined item that represents a single overall promise to provide customer access to a suite of EDA software in an integrated solution that will evolve as our customers' industries evolve through rapid technology changes. The majority of our revenue is derived from technology subscription license contracts, which require us to provide substantive, timely, and technologically relevant updates and services. We recognize revenue from technology subscription licenses ratably over the term of the license, reflecting the complexity of the tools and the intertwined services provided. Our customer arrangements are complex, involving hundreds of products and various license rights, and our customers often demand a broader portfolio of solutions, support, and services. The overall growth of our business, including contributions from acquisitions, has been the primary driver of the increase in our revenue. We expect our professional services revenues to increase in future periods as a result of recent acquisitions. Our expenses are impacted by changes in personnel-related costs, including those driven by headcount increases from acquisitions. We allocate certain information technology expenses among our functional income statement categories based on headcount within each functional area. The increase in our expenses compared to prior fiscal years was primarily due to increases in personnel-related costs as a result of headcount increases, including those from acquisitions. We continue to assess all potential impacts of new accounting standards on our revenue recognition and operational practices. Our business model allows for operational flexibility, enabling us to adapt to changes in customer demands and market conditions. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our acquisition of Black Duck Software enhances our capabilities in securing and managing open source software, further integrating our technology resources to support our strategic objectives. The integration of acquired technologies represents a significant aspect of our operational strategy, aligning with our focus on leveraging IT capabilities to enhance business performance and drive innovation.