The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates, and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors." We believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. Our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream, and a diversified revenue base that reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel. We believe that our diversified revenue base has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The company evaluates from time to time the appropriateness of its current leverage, taking into consideration the company's debt holders, equity holders, credit ratings, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets. The company expects to meet its current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt. The company generated $788.7 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2017 compared to $683.3 million during fiscal 2016, a net increase of $105.4 million. The net increase is primarily attributable to an increase in income from continuing operations and items adjusting net income for non-cash expenses and income. The company expects its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2018 to be between $85 million and $95 million. The company's capital expenditures incurred from year to year are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. The company had 34 reporting units with goodwill as of the first day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, the date of the last annual impairment test. The estimated fair values of each of the reporting units was substantially in excess of their respective carrying values, and therefore, no goodwill impairment was recorded. The company performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is a significant assumption in the calculation of fair values. Management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value considering the current economic conditions. The company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations. The company has historically maintained a capital structure comprising a mix of equity and debt financing. The amounts involved may be material. The company may issue additional debt if prevailing market conditions are favorable to doing so. The company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future.