In fiscal 2017, we made several investments to improve and expand our delivery capabilities, notably purchasing Shipt, an online same-day delivery company, for approximately $550 million. Comparable digital channel sales growth of 27 percent contributed 1.2 percentage points of comparable sales growth, indicating a significant enhancement in our digital capabilities. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix and transfer of sales to new stores, makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible. Our capital expenditures increased in 2017 from the prior year primarily due to increased investments in existing stores as we accelerated our current store remodel program, which follows an increase in 2016 due to remodels and guest experience enhancements. We expect capital expenditures in 2018 to increase to approximately $3.5 billion as we accelerate the rate of store remodels, continue our current rate of small-format store openings, and continue to make supply chain investments. The operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $6,849 million in 2017, an increase driven by increased payables leverage primarily due to changes in vendor payment terms. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. We monitor the percentage of sales that are paid for using our Target-branded credit cards, as our internal analysis indicates that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on these cards are also incremental sales for Target. The 2017 decrease in gross margin rate was primarily due to increased digital fulfillment costs, which highlights the impact of our digital infrastructure on operational efficiency. We have also disclosed after-tax return on invested capital for continuing operations, which provides a measure of the effectiveness of our capital allocation over time. Our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity, which is critical for supporting our IT capabilities and strategic initiatives. In 2017, we transitioned to longer payment terms with many of our suppliers, which is expected to result in less variability in our working capital needs throughout the year. We expect our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. We continue to anticipate ample access to commercial paper and long-term financing, which will support our ongoing investments in technology and infrastructure. Additionally, we recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further our organizational goals.