The company develops, manufactures, and sells a broad range of products that are sold worldwide, expanding its product lines and services by developing and commercializing its own technologies and making strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses. The company's strategy augments internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions, which enhances its operational capabilities. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, focused research projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales in local currencies, the effects of acquisitions, and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, offset in part by an increase in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets due to recent acquisitions and strategic growth investments. The company recorded restructuring and other costs primarily to achieve acquisition synergies, including severance and abandoned facilities costs associated with the closure and consolidation of facilities, which are part of its efforts to streamline operations and enhance operational efficiency. The company evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges, which helps management understand and evaluate the segments' core operating results and facilitates comparison of performance for determining compensation. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company has established a new reporting unit with the completion of the Patheon acquisition, which provides comprehensive, integrated, and highly customizable solutions to help biopharmaceutical companies satisfy complex development and manufacturing needs. This acquisition not only expands the company's service offerings but also enhances its capability to leverage technology resources and management skills to further organizational goals. The company's references throughout its discussion to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its practical process improvement business system, reduced costs resulting from global sourcing initiatives, and a lower cost structure following restructuring actions. The company’s operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation have been enhanced through its investments in technology infrastructure and digital transformation initiatives, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in a dynamic market. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities underscores the importance of IT capability in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for biosciences products and bioprocess production products, which reflects the company's focus on aligning its business strategy with market needs and consumer demands. The company’s ongoing commitment to enhancing its IT capabilities is evident in its strategic decisions related to acquisitions and investments that support its operational and financial performance.