The un-carrier strategy is about adding value to the customer relationship by changing the rules of the industry and giving customers more. Our ability to acquire and retain branded customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues, and we believe our un-carrier strategy, along with ongoing network improvements, has been successful in attracting and retaining customers as evidenced by continued branded customer growth and improved branded postpaid phone and branded prepaid customer churn. The increase in service revenues was primarily due to growth in our average branded customer base as a result of strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives, promotions, and the success of our MetroPCS brand. We have continued our efforts with the launch of additional initiatives of our un-carrier strategy. Our network transformation, including the build-out of 700 MHz A-block and 600 MHz spectrum licenses, is critical for operational efficiency and supports our business strategy alignment. The increase in branded postpaid and prepaid service revenues is primarily due to strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives and the ongoing success of our promotional activities. We expect cash purchases of property and equipment, excluding capitalized interest, to be in the range of $4.9 billion to $5.3 billion in 2018, which includes expenditures for 5G deployment. We continue to assess the damage of the hurricanes and work with our insurance carriers to submit claims for property damage and business interruption. The imputed discount on EIP receivables is amortized over the financed installment term using the effective interest method and recognized as other revenues in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure. We maintain vendor financing arrangements with our primary network equipment suppliers, which allow for extended financing terms. Our management believes that analysts and investors use adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure to evaluate overall operating performance and facilitate comparisons with other wireless communications companies because it is indicative of our ongoing operating performance and trends. The increase in branded postpaid phone customers was driven by the continued strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives and promotional activities, including the growing success of our business channel, T-Mobile for Business. We believe that current and future regulatory changes have made the Lifeline program offered by our wholesale partners uneconomical. We will continue to support our wholesale partners offering the Lifeline program, but have excluded the Lifeline customers from our reported wholesale subscriber base. The impact of the MVNO transaction resulted in improvements to branded postpaid phone churn for the year ended December 31, 2016. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is vital for transforming our firm into a competitive force. The continued build-out of our 4G LTE network and the successful implementation of our un-carrier strategy are essential components of our operational flexibility and market agility. The strategic resource allocation towards technology management and infrastructure capability will enhance our organizational effectiveness and performance outcomes in the competitive landscape.