We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. This strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. We have been allocating resources from areas like manufacturing support and SG&A into R&D activities. The breadth of our portfolio means we can solve more of these needs than our competitors, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to sell more products and generate more revenue per customer system. Our web presence, combined with our global sales force that is also greater in size than those of our competitors, are advantages that give us unique access to about 100,000 customers designing TI semiconductors into their end products. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. The combined effect of these sustainable competitive advantages is that over time we have gained market share in analog and embedded processing and have grown free cash flow. Our business model puts us in a unique class of companies with the ability to grow, generate cash, and return that cash to shareholders. Our cash flow from operations of $5.36 billion underscored the strength of our business model. Free cash flow was $4.67 billion and represented 31.2 percent of revenue, up from 30.5 percent a year ago. We continued to perform well in 2017, reflecting our focus on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on the industrial and automotive markets. These products serve highly diverse markets with thousands of applications and have long-term growth opportunities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing products sold into industrial and automotive markets provide long product life cycles, intrinsic diversity, and less capital-intensive manufacturing, which we believe offer stability, profitability, and strong cash generation. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes, and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our strategic decisions regarding resource allocation are critical to maintaining competitive advantages and enhancing operational efficiency. The diversity and longevity of our products, markets, and customer positions deliver high terminal value to our shareholders. We invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio, which includes tens of thousands of products. Our strategic resource allocation and focus on innovation are essential for sustaining our competitive positioning in the market.