Our advanced transaction processing network, Visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. The growth in data processing revenues was slower than the growth in processed transactions, reflecting the inclusion of data processing revenues earned by Visa Europe and the resulting impact on our data processing revenue yield. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. The increase in personnel expenses was driven by higher incentive compensation, combined with continued increase in headcount reflecting our strategy to invest for future growth. We have established policies and control procedures which seek to ensure that estimates and assumptions are appropriately governed and applied consistently from period to period. Our ongoing investments in technology assets and infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives are critical to our operational flexibility and competitive advantage. The assessment of fair value of our financial instruments is based on a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. We maintain global credit settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. Our investment portfolio is designed to invest excess cash in securities which enables us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs. We believe that cash flow generated from operations, in conjunction with access to our other sources of liquidity, will be more than sufficient to meet our ongoing operational needs. Our business performance during fiscal 2017 reflects continued uneven economic growth around the world, which impacts our operational efficiency and market responsiveness. The increase in operating revenues primarily reflects the operating revenues of Visa Europe and continued growth in nominal payments volume, processed transactions, and nominal cross-border volume. Our operating revenues, primarily service revenues, international transaction revenues, and client incentives, are impacted by the overall strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar as payments volume and related revenues denominated in local currencies are converted to U.S. dollars. We facilitate global commerce through the transfer of value and information among a global network of consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners, and government entities. The growth in processed transactions reflects the inclusion of Visa Europe's processed transactions for the 12 months ended September 30, 2017. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions, and other relevant circumstances. Our technology infrastructure and digital capabilities are essential for maintaining our competitive positioning in the payments industry. We recorded a non-recurring, non-cash income tax provision of $1.5 billion primarily related to the elimination of deferred tax balances originally recognized upon the acquisition of Visa Europe. The growth in international transaction revenues was primarily due to nominal cross-border volume growth, which includes revenues earned by Visa Europe and the resulting impact on our corresponding yield. Our strategic resource allocation is focused on enhancing our IT capabilities to support business needs and drive innovation.