We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our decision to advance vx-659 and vx-445 was based on available clinical and nonclinical data, including data from an ongoing phase 2 clinical program, and regulatory discussions are ongoing to finalize the design of the phase 3 development programs for vx-659 and vx-445. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We expect that our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on our cf product sales. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. We are developing vx-150 and vx-128 as treatments for pain, co-developing ctx001, an investigational gene editing treatment, for the treatment of beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease, with crispr therapeutics ag, or crispr, and developing vx-210 as a treatment for acute spinal cord injury. We plan to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines for people with serious diseases. We expect the ema to complete its review of our maa for tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in the second half of 2018. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. Our collaborative revenues have historically fluctuated significantly from one period to another and may continue to fluctuate in the future. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in order to acquire rights or to license drug candidates or technologies that enhance our pipeline and/or our research capabilities. Our operating costs and expenses increased in 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily due to increases in our research and development expenses, which included $160.0 million in development expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition of vx-561 from concert, increases in our sales and administrative expenses and a $255.3 million intangible asset impairment charge related to parion's pulmonary enac platform. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer and expand these compliance programs globally. We expect that cash flows from orkambi, kalydeco and symdeko, together with our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We may raise additional capital