The company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers, and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development, and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning, and monetizing real estate assets. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To meet these objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship, and geographic location. Our asset management process includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance. We evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. Through these efforts, we are generally able to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, supporting both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. We also structure our relevant investments to help mitigate payment risk. Operating leases and loans are normally credit enhanced by guaranties and/or letters of credit. Our primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees/services, borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, public issuances of debt and equity securities, and proceeds from investment dispositions. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. We expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. Management regularly monitors economic and other factors to develop these plans. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business, including net income and net income attributable to common stockholders, funds from operations, and consolidated net operating income. These measures are widely used by investors and analysts in the valuation, comparison, and investment recommendations of companies. We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders are the most appropriate earnings measures. Our leverage ratios indicate how much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt, net of cash and internal revenue code section 1031 deposits. We expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile. Our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions, and events of default. We plan to manage the company to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and with a capital structure consistent with our current profile. Any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition.