We manage our operations through two geographic operating segments: the United States (U.S.) and international. We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. Additionally, our management team's focus on improving operational and cost efficiencies increases the likelihood of achieving our core growth strategies and enhancing long-term value for our shareholders. We believe that animal health customers value high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which we believe often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians and end-users. Our total revenue attributable to antibacterials for livestock was approximately $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R&D, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. The majority of our R&D programs focus on product lifecycle innovation, which is defined as R&D programs that leverage existing animal health products by adding new species or claims, achieving approvals in new markets or creating new combinations and reformulations. Our comprehensive operational efficiency program has focused on reducing complexity in our product portfolios through the elimination of approximately 5,000 product stock keeping units (SKUs), changing our selling approach in certain markets, and planning to sell or exit 10 manufacturing sites over a long-term period. We are also continuing to optimize our resource allocation and efficiency by reducing resources associated with non-customer facing activities and operating more efficiently as a result of less internal complexity and more standardization of processes. We expect these additional reductions related to our supply network strategy to take place over the next twelve months, and the remainder of the reductions from the initial plan to take place through divestitures over the next several years. Our acquisition-related costs primarily relate to restructuring charges for employees, assets and activities that will not continue in the future, as well as integration costs. The majority of these net restructuring charges are related to termination costs, but we also exited a number of distributor and other contracts and performed certain facility rationalization efforts. Our integration costs are generally comprised of consulting costs related to the integration of systems and processes, as well as product transfer costs. We believe that our manufacturing and supply chain provides us with a global platform for continued expansion, including in emerging markets, and that our quality and reliability differentiate us from our competitors.