Employers around the world rely on us for cloud-based solutions and services to help manage their most important asset - their people. Our commitment to service excellence lies at the core of our relationship with each of our clients. We believe our success in human capital management requires deep expertise and outstanding service to help our clients not just manage their employees, but build better workforces. Our strategic pillars are predicated on our ability to drive innovation and service excellence, and attract, build, and retain the right talent to position us as the global market leader in human capital management services. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, strong client retention, good margins, and the ability to generate consistent, healthy cash flows. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments. We utilize historical loss experience and actuarial judgment to determine the estimated claim liability for our services business. Our investment strategy is supported by short-term financing arrangements necessary to satisfy short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. We believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances and available borrowings under our commercial paper program. We manage our exposure to market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. We have established credit quality, maturity, and exposure limits for our investments. The increase in cash flows provided by operating activities was due to the sale of notes receivable related to our dealer services financing arrangements and lower pension contributions. Our financial condition remains solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of $1.7 billion. Our worldwide client revenue retention rate remained strong, reflecting the core strength of our business model. The increase in revenues was due to new business started during the year from new business bookings growth, an increase in the number of employees on our clients' payrolls, and the impact of price increases. We have invested in product innovation and our salesforce to support our growth in new business bookings. Our increased focus on product development and high demand for additional solutions led to exceptionally strong new business bookings. Despite pressures from foreign currency translation and higher selling expenses, our business segment results were solid. Our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and pressures has been evidenced by our strategic initiatives and operational flexibility. We have a strong business model that allows us to confront challenges and maintain performance under pressure. Our organizational practices focus on enhancing value to our shareholders while ensuring operational continuity and resilience in the face of external disturbances. We continue to enhance our capabilities through strategic planning and resource management, ensuring that we are well-positioned to respond to future challenges and opportunities in the market.