Sales of anticipated organizational and business changes; negative business and organizational changes without negatively impacting client relationships or our competitive position; as part of our broad and ongoing efforts to transform AIG for long-term competitiveness, in the third quarter of 2015 we finalized a series of initiatives focused on organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business rationalization, which are expected to result in pre-tax restructuring and other costs of approximately $0.7 billion, as well as generate pre-tax annualized savings of approximately $0.7 billion to $0.8 billion when fully implemented. Results for 2015 include approximately $0.5 billion of pre-tax restructuring and other costs, composed of $0.3 billion of employee severance and one-time termination benefits, approximately $0.1 billion associated with the modernization of information technology platforms, and the balance relating to costs associated with consolidation of legal entities and exiting lower return lines of business. We expect the remaining $0.2 billion to be recognized through 2017, as well as approximately $0.3 billion of the aggregate pre-tax costs to result in cash expenditures. General operating expenses decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher technology-related expenses and an increase in bad debt expense. The general operating expense ratio decreased by 0.7 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, offset by increased technology-related expenses. General operating expenses increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily related to the expansion of the international life business through the acquisitions of AIG Life Limited and Laya Healthcare. Higher expenses from the international acquisitions were partially offset by domestic savings from organizational changes. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, general operating expenses remained flat, as efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives were offset by increased technology-related expenses. We recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. With multiple levels of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models, and strategic planning. For example, we continually consider changes in climate and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process. In addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change, including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Our internal product development, underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.