Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing, and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology. Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its biologics manufacturing expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. In 2015, Amgen advanced its strategy by delivering strong financial performance across the business, advancing its innovative pipeline, developing improved biologic drug delivery systems, and transforming its business to a more focused operating model. The transformation and process improvement efforts across the company have enabled Amgen to reallocate resources to fund many of its innovative pipeline and growth opportunities to deliver value to patients and shareholders. The company continues to innovate with patient- and provider-friendly delivery systems to differentiate its products. Amgen's business will continue to face various challenges, including increasing competitive pressure as a result of competitive product launches, particularly from biosimilars. Current global economic conditions pose challenges to the business, including continued pressure to reduce healthcare expenditures. The industry continues to experience significant pricing pressures and other cost containment measures. Amgen's long-term success depends on its ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. The discovery and development of safe and effective new products, as well as the development of additional indications for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of the business. The company devotes considerable resources to research and development activities, although successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. The company is also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Amgen's product sales can be affected by wholesaler and end-user buying patterns, which can cause fluctuations in quarterly product sales. The company has implemented a restructuring plan that is delivering cost savings and funding investments, which includes reducing its geographic footprint and staff, allowing it to reinvest and hire in strategic areas of focus. The company expects that its legacy products will continue to generate significant cash flows. Amgen continues to focus on collaborating with innovators and value-creating business development activities to expand its approach to deliver significant impact for patients and advance programs where there remains high unmet medical need. The company is also expanding into new geographic growth markets, enabling it to be present in over 100 countries. Amgen recognizes that its operations are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could affect its future performance, including economic conditions, regulatory changes, and competitive pressures. The company is committed to maintaining operational continuity and flexibility to adapt to these challenges and ensure its resilience in the face of adversity.