The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to various service providers, and we manage rooftop and tower sites for property owners under various contractual arrangements. Our property operations accounted for 98% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015, and we expect to generate over $30 billion of non-cancellable tenant lease revenue over future periods. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases; however, historically, revenue lost from cancellations or renegotiations has not had a material adverse effect on our revenues. Our diversified communications site portfolio allows us to increase utilization and profitability by adding new tenants and equipment for existing tenants on our sites. We believe that our legacy site portfolio and established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, resulting in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. Our ability to lease additional space is influenced by the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their networks, which is affected by the growth of wireless services and general economic conditions. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and can be effectively integrated into our existing portfolio. We have established operations in many emerging markets, which we believe will enable us to participate meaningfully in deployments driven by the expansion of wireless networks. Our holistic master lease agreements with certain tenants provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of churn. We anticipate that our services revenue will continue to represent a small percentage of our total revenues, but we expect growth in our property operations due to the increasing demand for wireless services. Our financial flexibility and ability to grow our business while maintaining long-term financial policies are critical. We believe that cash generated by operating activities, together with our borrowing capacity under credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, and debt service obligations. Our liquidity is dependent on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of tenants, and a failure by a significant tenant to perform its contractual obligations could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity. Our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities is dependent upon maintaining recurring revenue and converting it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and achieving operational efficiencies. We actively monitor the creditworthiness of our borrowers and tenants to mitigate concentrations of credit risk. The majority of our tenant leases are multi-year contracts, providing a significant portion of recurring revenue. We continue to focus on growing our property operations and anticipate that our site leasing revenue will likely increase due to the growing use of wireless services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate.