The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one-to three-year period. The company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of the company's fundamental financial strengths, providing significant flexibility to meet financial commitments. The company uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity, and it has a history of borrowing funds domestically at reasonable interest rates. The company's primary sources of liquidity are internally generated cash flow, the commercial paper program, credit facilities, and cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. Management believes that the company's cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment position, ability to generate strong cash flow from operations, and availability under its credit facilities will allow it to meet its obligations for the next twelve months. The company expects that ongoing cash requirements will be funded from these sources; however, the company's sources of liquidity could be adversely affected by a decrease in demand for the company's products or a deterioration in certain financial ratios. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and services through price increases, productivity improvements, and cost-saving programs. The company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk by producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The company has not recorded any significant impairments, and the appropriateness and recoverability of the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment are periodically reviewed taking into consideration current and expected business conditions. The company regularly reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt, and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. The company has not recognized any goodwill impairment in recent years in connection with its annual impairment assessment. The company believes this approach provides the best indicator of fair value by utilizing market prices and other relevant metrics for comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics. The company expects that capital expenditures in 2016 will be approximately $180.0 to $200.0, contingent upon declaration by the board of directors. The company anticipates making cash contributions to its defined benefit pension plans in 2016, with the timing and amount depending on various factors, including the investment performance of the plan assets.