We are a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of semiconductor devices with a focus on analog III-V based products and complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices. Our history of innovation and strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets contribute to our competitive advantage. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry, our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner, and the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders. Current uncertainty in global economic conditions poses significant risks to our business, as customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would negatively affect product demand and our results of operations. We believe our aggregate sales to major customers, including Apple Inc. and Cisco Systems Inc., account for a significant portion of our net revenues, and the loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our research and development expenses reflect our commitment to maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to market changes, as we expect the dollar amount of research and development expense to increase due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop. We have a diversified and well-established base of thousands of end customers, which we serve through our multi-channel sales and fulfillment system. Our operational management strategies include risk assessment and resource allocation to ensure business continuity and resilience in the face of environmental perturbations. We recognize the importance of maintaining organizational health and adaptability to confront unexpected situations and external pressures. The restructuring and asset impairment charges incurred during fiscal years are indicative of our proactive measures to manage operational resources effectively and respond to market demands. We have established a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how we project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure these trajectories toward the ensuing future. Our strategic initiatives include enhancing our absorptive capacity and inter-organizational collaboration to foster innovation and resilience. We anticipate that our capital expenditures will increase as we continue to invest in capacity expansion and technological advancements to support our growth and operational continuity. Our liquidity and capital resources are structured to ensure we can meet our obligations and fund our strategic objectives, including potential acquisitions and investments. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, along with cash flows from operations, provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations and support our organizational transformation efforts. The ability to generate cash in the future will be critical to servicing any indebtedness we may incur, which underscores the multifaceted nature of our resilience strategies in navigating turbulent markets and maintaining performance under pressure.