Every society depends upon a professional class of public safety professionals charged with protecting the general public from threats of all kinds. We have come to develop a deep organizational understanding of the challenges and opportunities in this market space. One key insight is that law enforcement agencies around the world are significantly "behind the curve" when it comes to technology. Many agencies still rely largely on paper-based reporting systems and have limited access to modern mobile smartphone technology. Some of our customers report that police officers are spending over 60% of their time on paperwork-related tasks, rather than on value-add public safety work. Internet-enabled platforms that connect end users direct to technology providers have dramatically changed industry after industry. These internet-enabled businesses offer accelerated speed of technology innovation, reduced cost of implementation and distribution to the end customer, and network effects enabling easy collaboration and information sharing. We are building out our Axon platform with body cameras and video management, which are driving rapid growth and market penetration today. However, the real opportunity is to leverage this connected platform to enable a broad suite of mobile, wearable, and data management capabilities to bring modern information technology capabilities to every law enforcement officer. With our Axon platform, and the evidence.com service, we have built the first and largest cloud-hosted platform in the public safety space. We will leverage this platform to roll out additional capabilities, both hardware and software, to empower the heroic men and women of public safety to be more efficient, more effective, and have access to the best information available. There is a deep synergy across our product and service offerings and strategies. For example, the public scrutiny around the usage of Taser devices provides a compelling reason to deploy body cameras, which require massive amounts of storage and video management capability best achieved through a cloud-hosted system such as our evidence.com service. The Los Angeles Police Department recently announced plans to deploy Taser devices, Axon cameras, and evidence.com to all front-line officers as an integrated suite of capabilities. This integrated approach reflects our commitment to enhancing organizational resilience by addressing the operational challenges faced by law enforcement agencies, fostering adaptability, and enabling effective responses to external pressures and disruptive events.