We are a global market leader in design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. Taken together, these core businesses have historically generated substantial earnings and cash flow that permit us to invest in new products and services. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and we price our products and services to provide a fair return for our shareholders while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. Our strategy also benefits us as the cyclicality of commercial and defense markets sometimes offset. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to continue gaining market share. This results in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. The industry remains vulnerable to near-term exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, and increased global environmental regulations. We continue to monitor political unrest involving Russia and Ukraine, where we and some of our suppliers source titanium products and/or have operations. To date, we have not experienced any significant disruptions to production or deliveries. Should suppliers or customers experience disruption, our production and/or deliveries could be materially impacted. Our business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements, and the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. We continue to expect to meet our commitment to deliver fully operational aircraft to the customer by the targeted dates, although we recognize that the technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended. The enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 established overall defense spending levels, but uncertainty remains with respect to future budget cuts or procurement decisions that could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time and satisfy performance and reliability standards is subject to significant risks. We continue to implement mitigation plans and cost-reduction efforts to improve program profitability and address program risks. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. Our strategy also includes leveraging our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. We believe our ability to access external capital resources should be sufficient to satisfy existing short-term and long-term commitments and plans, and also to provide adequate financial flexibility to take advantage of potential strategic business opportunities should they arise within the next year.