Our strategy is designed to leverage both the reach and resources of a major pharmaceutical company as well as the entrepreneurial spirit and agility of a biotech firm. We are focused on discovering, developing and delivering innovative medicines that address serious unmet medical needs. We are evolving our commercial model and growing our marketed product portfolio in a manner consistent with our overall strategy. We continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines covering a broad array of cancers and have entered into several collaboration agreements to research and develop opdivo and other approved or investigational oncology agents in combination regimens. We have transitioned to a specialty biopharmaceutical company with four strategic priorities: to drive business performance, maintain our leadership in immuno-oncology, maintain a diversified portfolio both within and outside of immuno-oncology, and continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation, with business development as a top priority. We are committed to maintaining a culture of continuous improvement. Our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities together with cash generated from operations and issuance of commercial paper in the U.S. will be sufficient to satisfy our normal cash requirements for at least the next few years, including dividends, capital expenditures, milestone payments and working capital. We believe that our strategic initiatives will allow us to confront external pressures and adapt to environmental perturbations. We continuously evaluate the company's capital structure to ensure the company is financed efficiently, including potential opportunities to repurchase certain debt securities and access the capital markets. Our research and development activities include discovery research, preclinical and clinical development, drug formulation, as well as clinical trials and medical support of marketed products. We recognize that our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical for our organizational resilience. Our late-stage development programs could potentially have an impact on our revenue and earnings within the next few years, although we do not expect all of our late-stage development programs to make it to market. We are committed to resource allocation that drives the greatest long-term value, which includes significant investments in our biologics manufacturing capabilities and other facility-related activities. We recognize the importance of maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in response to unexpected situations and pressures. Our strategic response to changes in the competitive landscape and market volatility is essential for maintaining our organizational health and effectiveness. We have established a business risk and disclosure group to enhance our organizational practices and ensure compliance with regulatory requirements. Our focus on inter-organizational collaboration and strategic foresight will support our resilience strategies and mechanisms to navigate through complex situations. We are committed to enhancing our organizational capabilities, including knowledge management and learning processes, to ensure we can respond effectively to disruptive events and maintain performance under pressure.