We believe our investment grade credit profile reflects the size and diversity of our product portfolio, our leading share position in several of our served markets, our strong cash flow, our solid financial fundamentals and our financial strategy. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete; and we assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make the investments in research and development projects, capital, our people and other programs that we believe are important to drive our growth. As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken various restructuring initiatives in order to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. We are seeking to expand our presence and strengthen relationships in order to grow net sales and market share within our emerging markets, and we have increased our investment in infrastructure in these countries in order to maximize opportunities. Our emerging markets revenue grew two percent, as compared to the prior year, and was approximately ten percent of our consolidated net sales in 2015. We believe the Celonova team and technologies will help advance our position and growth profile within the interventional oncology market. We expect that pricing of medical devices will remain under pressure as alternative payment reform such as prospective payment systems for hospital care, preferential site of service payments, value-based purchasing, and accountable care organizations continue to take shape globally. We cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by regional and national governments globally. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1A. Risk factors of this annual report, some of which are outside our control. Macroeconomic conditions, adverse litigation outcomes and other risk and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans. We are committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. The increase in our gross profit margin for 2015, as compared to 2014, primarily resulted from manufacturing cost reductions as a result of our restructuring and other process improvement programs. Our cash generated from operations continues to be a significant source of funds for investing in our growth, including acquisitions and strategic alliances, managing our contingencies and reducing our debt levels. We expect a substantial portion of the savings from our restructuring initiatives to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. We believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to put increased emphasis on the delivery of treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies, and/or increase patient access. We have recorded restructuring charges pursuant to our restructuring plan during 2015, and we expect to complete certain actions associated with our plant network optimization strategy by the end of 2016. We assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation, and therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with our debt covenants. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We have assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and believe that it is effective at a reasonable assurance level.