In 2015, we incurred substantial restructuring costs as a result of actions to lower our cost structure in response to weak economic conditions in the key industries we serve. We expect to take additional restructuring actions in 2016, anticipating that these actions will result in costs of about $400 million. Our restructuring activities continued in 2015 as part of our ongoing efforts to optimize our cost structure and improve the efficiency of our operations. The decrease in sales volume was primarily due to lower deliveries to end users caused by widespread economic weakness primarily in developing countries. We believe declines in construction activity related to oil and gas have resulted in the availability of existing construction equipment for other purposes. We expect general and heavy construction activity to expand in 2016 in the United States. However, we believe this will not translate into higher sales volume in the United States because low construction activity related to oil and gas will continue to free up equipment for building and infrastructure construction jobsites. Our ongoing focus on operational improvements will result in some reduction in inventory in 2016. The unfavorable impact of currency was primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most currencies, which negatively impacted sales. We do not expect an improvement in world economic growth or commodity prices in 2016 and expect our 2016 sales and revenues to be lower than 2015. The decrease in profit was primarily due to lower sales volume, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs, SG&A and R&D expenses, and the favorable impact of currency. We believe that should we be successful in developing an automated analytics and diagnostics solution that can be utilized across our product line, this will result in a competitive advantage for our company. Our consideration of decisions by the U.S. court of appeals for the second circuit in 2015 involving other taxpayers caused us to increase our unrecognized tax benefits related to foreign tax credits that arose as a result of certain financings. The impact of weak economic growth was most pronounced in developing countries, such as China and Brazil. The decline was due to continued widespread economic weakness across the region, with the most significant decline in Brazil due to continued weak construction activity resulting from depressed economic conditions. We expect unfavorable price realization in 2016 due to continued pricing pressure from the competitive nature of the business and the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. We are experiencing pricing pressure from the competitive nature of the businesses we are in and from the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. Our financial products' revenues declined primarily due to lower average earning assets and lower average financing rates. The decrease in profit was primarily due to a $68 million decrease in net yield on average earning assets reflecting changes in the geographic mix of margin and currency impacts. We expect unfavorable price realization in 2016 due to continued pricing pressure from the competitive nature of the business and the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. Our restructuring actions will result in a benefit to operating costs, primarily SG&A expenses and cost of goods sold of about $700 million in 2016. We believe we have adequate liquidity resources to fund both U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans. The increase in expense was primarily due to higher amortization of net actuarial losses primarily due to lower discount rates at the end of 2014 compared to the end of 2013. The majority of the actuarial losses are due to changes in discount rates, losses from demographic assumptions over the past several years and plan asset losses. We expect resource industries sales to decline about 15 to 20 percent in 2016 compared to 2015 as a result of continuing reductions in mining-related commodity prices and difficult financial conditions for many mining customers around the world.