Cisco designs and sells broad lines of products, provides services, and delivers integrated solutions to develop and connect networks around the world, building the internet. We understand how technology can deliver the outcomes our customers want to achieve, and our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions including pervasive, industry-leading security that intelligently connects nearly everything that can be connected. Our strategy and focus areas reflect our commitment to providing highly secure, automated, and intelligent solutions built on infrastructure that connects data that is highly distributed across organizations. We aim to provide the technology, services, and solutions that will enable our customers to gain insight and advantage from this distributed data with scale, security, and agility. We believe that the product revenue declines we experienced in various emerging countries reflected the impact of economic and geopolitical challenges in those countries. Our operational management and strategic initiatives are designed to address these external pressures and enhance our organizational resilience. We continue to focus on managing our manufacturing lead-time performance, which may result in corresponding reductions in order backlog. A decline in backlog levels could result in more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter revenue and operating results. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments, balancing the need to maintain supply chain flexibility to ensure competitive lead times with the risk of inventory obsolescence. Our ongoing consideration of all factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We have recorded a liability for the expected remediation cost for certain products sold in prior fiscal years, and estimating this liability is complex and subjective. We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business, and we consider the likelihood of impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability in determining loss contingencies. Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates. The impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources should be analyzed in conjunction with the factors that impact our cash flows from operations. We believe our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. Our financing arrangements include leases, financed service contracts, and loans, which facilitate the working capital requirements of our channel partners. We expect to continue to expand the use of our financing programs in the near term. Our investments in privately held companies and customer financings are evaluated on an ongoing basis to determine if they are variable interest entities, which may require additional disclosures or consolidation. Overall, our organizational practices and strategic response mechanisms are designed to enhance our resilience in the face of environmental disruptions and to ensure operational continuity and organizational effectiveness.