We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. Health care reform presents us with new growth opportunities, but also introduces new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. We believe our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research and data-driven processes, as well as our overall investments for health care reform, have positioned us to benefit from the potential growth opportunities available in fully-insured commercial products as a result of health care reform. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We have also achieved organic growth in our existing markets over time by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high quality provider networks and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the blue cross and blue shield names and marks. Significant transactions while health care reform has caused significant changes to the U.S. health care system in recent years, the more significant transactions that have occurred over the last three years that have impacted or will impact our capital structure or that have or will influence how we conduct our business operations include the pending acquisition of Cigna expected to close in the second half of 2016. The acquisition will further our goal of creating a premier health benefits company with critical diversification and scale to lead the transformation of health care delivery for consumers. We expect that our pro forma debt-to-capital ratio will approximate 49% at the closing of the acquisition and we are committed to deleveraging to the low 40% range approximately twenty-four months following the closing. Our future results of operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy. We will continue to evaluate the impact of health care reform as key aspects go into effect and additional guidance is made available. We are also subject to regulations that may result in assessments under state insurance guaranty association laws. We are aware that the Pennsylvania insurance commissioner has placed Penn Treaty Network America Insurance Company and its subsidiary American Network Insurance Company in rehabilitation, an intermediate action before insolvency. The state court has begun scheduling settlement conferences to resolve outstanding issues with the plan. In the event rehabilitation of Penn Treaty is unsuccessful and Penn Treaty is declared insolvent and placed in liquidation, we and other insurers may be required to pay a portion of their policyholder claims through state guaranty association assessments in future periods. We will continue to monitor the situation and may record a liability and expense in future reporting periods, which could be material to our cash flows and results of operations. Our results of operations are impacted by levels and mix of membership. In recent years, we have experienced membership growth due to the quality and pricing of our health benefits products and services, improved economic conditions, decreases in unemployment, acquisitions, entry into new markets and expansions in existing markets. However, these membership trends could be negatively impacted by various factors that could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations such as general economic downturns that result in business failures, failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers, premium increases, benefit changes or our exit from a specific market.