The information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to assist readers in understanding our financial information from our management's perspective. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable and cost-effective colocation, interconnection and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We expect our current efforts to improve our back office systems will continue over the next several years. We expect to incur additional capital expenditures to support our growth. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. We expect our interest income to remain at these low levels for the foreseeable future due to the impact of a continued low interest rate environment. We believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities, to meet our operating requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, payment of regular dividends, and completion of our publicly-announced expansion projects. We expect that our financing activities will consist primarily of repayment of our debt and additional financings needed to support expansion opportunities. Our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to customer bookings, customer churn or changes or amendments to customers' contracts. We expect that our americas revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in the recently-opened IBX data centers and additional IBX data center expansions currently taking place. We expect our emea revenues to continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in recently-opened IBX data centers and additional IBX data center expansions. We expect our asia-pacific revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in these recently-opened IBX data center expansions and additional expansions currently taking place. We have a substantial amount of property, plant and equipment recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. Our IBX data centers are long-lived assets. The majority of our IBX data centers are in properties that are leased. We periodically review the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment and changes in these estimates in the future are possible. We have incurred costs to support our conversion to a REIT, which we expect to continue to incur annually. We expect to integrate the data center business of Bit-Isle into our REIT structure by the end of 2016. We continue to monitor our REIT compliance to maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT. Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 include the results of operations of the Nimbo and Bit-Isle acquisitions. We expect that our current expansion activities in the U.S. can be funded with our cash and cash equivalents and investments. We expect to pursue additional expansion opportunities, primarily the build-out of new IBX data centers, in certain of our existing markets which are at or near capacity within the next year. We are also now operating as a REIT. We expect to fund these plans with our existing resources, but additional financing may be required if current market conditions were to deteriorate. An inability to pursue additional expansion opportunities will have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain our desired level of revenue growth in future periods.