The business environments in which we operate directly affect our results of operations. Our results have been and will continue to be affected by many factors, including market volatility and the level of trading activity in our markets, which during any period is significantly influenced by general market conditions; legislative and regulatory changes, as well as our fulfillment of our regulatory obligations; competition; demand for our data services and our market share; our system reliability; our ability to offer new products; our acquisition activities and the pace of industry consolidation; broad trends in the data and finance industry; the number and financial health of companies listed on our cash markets; geopolitical events; real and perceived supply and demand imbalances; changing technology in the financial services industry; and our reputation, among other factors. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility, trading activity or participation in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 44% in 2015. This non-transaction revenue includes data and listings, and will continue to increase as a percent of our total revenue with the addition of interactive data and trayport revenues reflected in our full year results. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties. Financial institutions globally have acted to control or reduce spending, including spending on financial information and related services. Yet many of the data products and services we sell are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. While we expect that cost reduction and cost containment pressures will continue, we anticipate that there will be overall growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing U.S. and global regulatory demands; investor demands for transparency; greater use of fair value accounting standards; greater emphasis on risk management; market fragmentation driven by regulatory changes; the move to passive investing and indexation; ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets; increased electronification of fixed income markets; and increasing demand for outsourced services by financial institutions. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments and execute agreements. Credit risk is monitored by using exposure limits depending on ratings assigned by rating agencies as well as the nature and maturity of transactions. Our investment objective is to invest in securities that preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. We seek to substantially mitigate credit risk associated with investments by ensuring that these financial assets are placed with governments, well-capitalized financial institutions and other creditworthy counterparties. We have a significant part of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses recorded in pounds sterling or euros. As the pound sterling or euro exchange rate changes, the U.S. equivalent of revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies changes accordingly. We have foreign currency transaction risk related to the settlement of foreign currency denominated assets, liabilities and payables that occur through our operations, which are received in or paid in pounds sterling or euros, due to the increase or decrease in the foreign currency exchange rates between periods. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member cash deposits which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market and liquidity risks.