We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives. We also expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return substantially all of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases over the next two years. We anticipate there will continue to be significant debate within the U.S. government over defense spending throughout the budget appropriations process for fiscal years 2017 and beyond. The outcome of these debates could have long-term consequences for our industry and company. We have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas. Additionally, we are seeking to lessen our dependence on contracts with the U.S. government by focusing on expanding into adjacent markets close to our core capabilities and growing international sales. However, we may not be successful in this strategy. The possibility remains, however, that our programs could be materially reduced, extended, or terminated as a result of the U.S. government's continuing assessment of priorities, changes in government priorities, or budget reductions, including sequestration. We have also experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses, including lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. Our services businesses across most of our business segments have experienced lower volume due to improved product field performance that require less service support. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. We accomplish this in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases, and postretirement benefit plan contributions. Our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve two key cash deployment initiatives. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise.