Throughout 2015, we remained committed to our key priorities, capitalizing on opportunities within an improving economy and further pursuing top line growth through differentiating ourselves with better customer experiences, improving our product and service offering for the pro customer, and driving productivity and profitability. We continued to enhance our omni-channel capabilities, providing not just the products, but also the services, information, and advice to help our customers at every step of the home improvement journey and build a greater affinity for the Lowe's brand. By providing an integrative and cohesive assortment of products, inspiring and intuitive presentation and display, and optimal service components across all selling channels, we are able to provide better customer experiences that differentiate us in the marketplace. In an effort to drive expense productivity during 2015, we effectively managed payroll hours on solid comparable sales growth and improved productivity in advertising through targeted spend. We also continued to enhance our omni-channel capabilities in 2015, including improved product search, integrated and upgraded product videos, enhanced product presentation, and simplified product groupings to make it easy for customers to make their selections. Looking forward, economic forecasts for 2016 suggest the outlook for the home improvement industry remains positive, supported by steady job growth and improved household incomes. Despite recent volatility in the financial markets, the fundamentals for continued growth in consumer spending remain intact. As we move into 2016, we continue to take a prudent approach to managing our portfolio of businesses, making decisions that will shape how we better serve and connect with customers. With the decision to exit the Australian home improvement market during the fourth quarter of 2015, we will focus our resources on areas of the business where we see greater potential return on investment. Our strategic framework, along with our efforts to improve productivity and profitability, gives us confidence in our business outlook for 2016. We expect total sales in 2016 to increase approximately 6%, including the 53rd week, and we expect comparable sales to increase approximately 4%. Our expansion plans are expected to account for a significant portion of planned net cash outflow, with investments in our existing stores and enhancements to the corporate infrastructure also prioritized. We anticipate financing our acquisition of Rona through the debt capital markets, which is expected to accelerate Lowe's growth strategy by significantly expanding our presence in the Canadian market. Our ongoing share repurchase program is expected to continue, with no anticipated impact from the Rona acquisition. We believe that net cash provided by operating and financing activities will be adequate for our operating requirements, investments, and to return cash to shareholders. Our liquidity is supported by our short-term borrowing facilities, and we expect to continue to have access to the capital markets for liquidity purposes. The ability to adapt and respond effectively to environmental disruptions is critical for our organizational resilience, ensuring we maintain operational continuity and positive adjustment under challenging conditions.