The semiconductor capital equipment industry has been highly competitive and characterized by rapid changes in demand. This cyclicality has been mitigated in recent years by market demands and consolidation among our customers. The variability in our customers' investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors including but not limited to electronics demand, economic conditions (both general and in the semiconductor and electronics industries), industry supply and demand, prices for semiconductors, and our customers' ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices. We believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in research and development and capital infrastructure. Given the historical cyclical nature of the semiconductor equipment industry, our levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at June 28, 2015, will be sufficient to support our presently anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, and capital expenditures, through at least the next 12 months. In the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. We expect growth in the overall wafer fabrication equipment market related to leading-edge investments by our customers. Demand for our products was strong throughout the fiscal year as semiconductor device manufacturers made capacity and technology investments. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to Japanese customers was approximately $164 million as of June 28, 2015, compared to $34 million as of June 29, 2014. We continued to make significant research and development investments focused on leading-edge deposition, plasma etch, single-wafer clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing requirements. The increase in research and development expense during fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to a $71 million increase in salaries and benefits related to increased headcount and higher incentive and equity compensation. The increase in operating expenses during fiscal year 2015 was primarily related to continued investments in next-generation research and development. Our cash flows provided from operating activities were $786 million for fiscal year 2015 compared to $717 million for fiscal year 2014. We believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. However, given the possibility of changes in market conditions or other occurrences, there can be no certainty that such funding will be available in needed quantities or on terms favorable to us. We have certain obligations to make future payments under various contracts, some of which are recorded on our balance sheet and some of which are not. Our contractual obligations and commitments as of June 28, 2015, relating to these agreements and our guarantees are included in the table based on their contractual maturity date. We have issued certain indemnifications to our lessors for taxes and general liability under some of our agreements. We seek to limit our liability for such indemnity to an amount not to exceed the sales price of the products or services subject to our indemnification obligations. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis. We do not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable that any amounts will be required to be paid under these guarantees.