The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes. Altria Group, Inc.'s wholly-owned subsidiaries include PM USA, which is engaged predominantly in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes in the United States; Middleton, which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of machine-made large cigars and pipe tobacco; and UST, which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of smokeless tobacco products and wine. Altria Group, Inc.'s access to the operating cash flows of its wholly-owned subsidiaries consists of cash received from the payment of dividends and distributions, and the payment of interest on intercompany loans by its subsidiaries. At December 31, 2015, Altria Group, Inc.'s principal wholly-owned subsidiaries were not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or make other distributions with respect to their equity interests. The financial services and the innovative tobacco products businesses are included in an all other category due to the continued reduction of the lease portfolio of PMCC and the relative financial contribution of Altria Group, Inc.'s innovative tobacco products businesses to Altria Group, Inc.'s consolidated results. Altria Group, Inc. forecasted that its 2016 full-year adjusted diluted EPS growth rate is expected to be in the range of 7% to 9% over 2015 full-year adjusted diluted EPS. This forecast does not include any impact from the anticipated AB InBev and SABMiller business combination, as the transaction remains subject to certain approvals and the closing date has not yet been determined. In addition, the factors described in Item 1A represent continuing risks to this forecast. The changes in Altria Group, Inc.'s net earnings and diluted earnings per share attributable to Altria Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2015, from the year ended December 31, 2014, were due primarily to various adjustment items, asset impairment, exit, integration and acquisition-related costs, and litigation items. The increase in operations shown was due primarily to various factors, partially offset by others. The ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and organizational effectiveness. The company emphasizes the importance of strategic initiatives and operational flexibility in navigating external pressures and ensuring resilience in the face of adversity. The multifaceted nature of resilience is reflected in the company's approach to managing risks and adapting to changes in the competitive landscape. Altria Group, Inc. continues to focus on resource allocation and knowledge management as key components of its strategy to enhance organizational resilience and achieve long-term success. The executive summary highlights significant aspects of the discussion and analysis that follows, underscoring the importance of maintaining performance under pressure and the need for effective crisis management and preparedness. The company recognizes the implications of environmental turbulence and the necessity for proactive measures to ensure sustainability and growth in a volatile market.