The results of operations in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected by competition, risk factors, legislative, legal and regulatory developments, as well as other factors. These factors also may have an adverse impact on the company's ability to achieve its strategic objectives. The company plans to progress toward achieving its return on equity target through the following key elements of its strategy: revenue and profitability growth; wealth management pre-tax margin improvement to approximately 23% to 25% through net interest income growth via continued high-quality lending, expense efficiency and business growth; continued strength in investment banking and equity sales and trading results; and steady performance in investment management. The company's return on equity target and its related strategies, goals and targets are forward-looking statements that may be materially affected by many factors including, among other things: macroeconomic and market conditions; legislative and regulatory developments; industry trading and investment banking volumes; equity market levels; interest rate environment; legal expenses; capital levels; and discrete tax items. Given the uncertainties surrounding these and other factors, there are significant risks that the company's return on equity target and its related strategies and targets may not be realized. The company cautions that undue reliance should not be placed on any of these forward-looking statements. The company is aiming to improve its returns to shareholders and has established a target of achieving a 9% to 11% return on average common equity excluding certain adjustments by 2017, subject to the successful execution of its strategic objectives. The company recognizes the importance of maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in response to changing market conditions and external pressures. The discussion of the company's results of operations may contain forward-looking statements that reflect management's beliefs and expectations, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The company engages in activities across all of its trading businesses that include managing and assuming basis risk, building, maintaining and rebalancing inventory, and engaging in other activities to provide efficiency and liquidity for markets. The company's liquidity obligations can be explicit and obligatory in some cases, and in others, customers expect the company to be willing to transact with them. The company often invests in investments or other financial instruments to economically hedge its obligations under its deferred compensation plans. The company's investments generally are held for long-term appreciation and are subject to significant sales restrictions. The company views its net revenues in the aggregate and assesses the profitability of its sales and trading activities based on an overall review of aggregate revenues and costs associated with each transaction or series of transactions. The company recognizes that its ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for sustaining its operational continuity and organizational effectiveness. The company emphasizes the importance of strategic initiatives and inter-organizational collaboration to enhance its resilience and adaptability in a complex and turbulent business environment.