We offer over 400,000 worldwide customers a choice of deployment models to best suit their needs including the deployment of our products via our Oracle cloud offerings, the acquisition of Oracle products and services for an on-premises IT environment or a mix of these two models. Our Oracle cloud offerings are designed to be rapidly deployable to enable customers shorter time to innovation; easily maintainable to reduce integration and testing work; and cost-effective by requiring lower upfront customer investment. We focus our development efforts on improving the performance, operation, and integration of these differing technologies to make them more cost-effective and easier to deploy, manage, and maintain for our customers and to improve their computing performance relative to our competitors. We enable customers to evolve and transform to substantially any IT environment at whatever pace is most appropriate for them. Our commitment to industry standards results in software that works in customer environments with Oracle or non-Oracle hardware or software components and that can be adapted to meet specific industry or business needs. We focus the engineering of our products and services to best connect cloud and on-premises deployment models to enable flexibility, ease, agility, compatibility, extensibility, and seamlessness. A selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We believe our acquisitions enhance the products and services that we can offer to customers, expand our customer base, provide greater scale to accelerate innovation, grow our revenues and earnings, and increase stockholder value. We expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies to further our corporate strategy. Our software and cloud business is comprised of three operating segments: new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions, cloud infrastructure as a service, and software license updates and product support. Our cloud infrastructure as a service offerings provide comprehensive software and hardware management and maintenance services for customer IT infrastructure for a fee for a stated term that is hosted at our Oracle data center facilities, select partner data centers, or physically on-premises at customer facilities. We continue to evolve hardware systems support processes that are intended to proactively identify and solve quality issues and to increase the amount of new and renewed hardware systems support contracts sold in connection with the sales of our hardware systems products. Our services business has lower margins than our software and cloud and hardware businesses. Our services revenues are impacted by our strategy for and the competitive position of our services, certain of our acquisitions, general economic conditions, governmental budgetary constraints, personnel reductions in our customers' IT departments, tighter controls over discretionary spending, and the growth in our software and hardware systems products revenues. We intend to continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because, in our judgment, they are essential to maintaining our competitive position. Our management approved, committed to, and initiated restructuring plans that were generally developed to improve our cost structure and/or operations, often in conjunction with our acquisition integration strategies. We believe we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements.