Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including maintaining and expanding a reliable generation fleet with the flexibility to utilize a diverse mix of fuels that allows us to respond to market volatility and capitalize on opportunities as they arise. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects aimed at maintaining service reliability to our customers and bolstering our system resiliency. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. In 2015, we continued to make investments and seek recovery on such investments made to improve the resiliency of our gas and electric distribution system as part of our energy strong program that was approved by the BPU in 2014. The energy strong program provides for up to $1.2 billion of investment, with cost recovery at a 9.75% rate of return on equity on the first $1.0 billion of the investment, plus associated allowance for funds used during construction, through an accelerated recovery mechanism. We will seek recovery of up to $220 million of investment in PSE&G's next base rate case. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-moving economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described. We must continue to successfully manage our energy obligations and re-contract our open supply positions, execute our utility capital investment program, including our energy strong program, GSMP, and other investments for growth that yield contemporaneous and reasonable risk-adjusted returns, while enhancing the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintaining the reliability of the service we provide to our customers. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value, including the acquisition, construction or disposition of transmission and distribution facilities and/or generation units, and investments in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, improvements to system resiliency, and modernizing existing infrastructure. Our operational flexibility has allowed us to take advantage of market opportunities presented during the year as we remain diligent in managing costs. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Our strategic hedging practices and ability to use market conditions to our advantage help us to balance some of the volatility of the merchant power business. We recognize the value of opportunistic growth in the power business, and our investments reflect our commitment to enhancing organizational resilience through strategic initiatives that address both current and future challenges.