The company's business activities expose it to a variety of risks, including operational, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, and legal risk. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. Despite the company's efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that the company will not suffer unexpected losses due to these risks. The company's risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. The operational risk includes potential for loss due to inadequate or failed internal processes, systems, and firms or exchanges handling client orders, or loss from external events and relationships impacting the company and/or any of its key business partners and vendors. The company's operations are highly dependent on the integrity of its technology systems, and the company's success depends, in part, on its ability to make timely enhancements and additions to its technology in anticipation of evolving client needs. To minimize business interruptions, Schwab has two data centers intended, in part, to further improve the recovery of business processing in the event of an emergency. The company is committed to an ongoing process of upgrading, enhancing, and testing its technology systems. This effort is focused on meeting client needs, market and regulatory changes, and deploying standardized technology platforms. The company has specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and uses periodic risk self-assessments and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. The company maintains backup and recovery functions, including facilities for backup and communications, and conducts periodic testing of disaster recovery plans. The company also maintains policies and procedures and technology to protect against fraud and unauthorized access to systems and data. The company has established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The global risk committee is responsible for the oversight of risk management, including identifying emerging risks and assessing risk management practices. The company has adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios, ensuring capital levels are in line with the company's strategy and regulatory requirements. The company conducts regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various plausible adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events. The capital contingency plan provides action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the company might face. The company seeks to maintain client confidence in its balance sheet and the safety of client assets by maintaining liquidity and diversity of funding sources to allow the company to meet its obligations under both expected and stressed scenarios. The company employs a variety of methodologies to monitor and manage liquidity, including regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures. The company has exposure to concentration risk when holding large positions in financial instruments collateralized by assets with similar economic characteristics or in securities of a single issuer or within a particular industry. The company has established policies and procedures which include establishing and reviewing credit limits, monitoring credit limits, and adjusting margin requirements for certain securities. The company also monitors credit risk on second lien heloc loans by reviewing the delinquency status of the first lien loan on the associated property.