We are a leading benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data and research provider serving the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, S&P Capital IQ and SNL, S&P Dow Jones Indices, and Commodities & Commercial. In 2015, we continued to focus on investments in targeted financial assets, divesting selected non-core assets, and increasing shareholder return. We strive to drive global growth by executing our strategic initiatives, strengthening core capabilities, and collaborating across businesses. We will also strive to deliver operational excellence, manage and mitigate risk, and enhance leadership and accountability. Our mission is to promote sustainable growth in these markets by providing customers with essential intelligence and superior service. We seek to accomplish our mission and vision within the framework of our core values of fairness, integrity, and transparency. The anticipated disposal of J.D. Power does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on operations and financial results. We are aligning our efforts against key strategic priorities, creating growth and driving performance. Our vision is to be the leading provider of transparent and independent benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data, and research in the global capital, commodities, and corporate markets. The C&C business is driven by the need for high-value information and transparency in a variety of industries. C&C seeks to deliver premier content that is deeply embedded in customer workflows and decision-making processes. We continue to invest in digital capabilities that will enable our brands to become more integrated in our customers' workflows, compete more effectively in the marketplace, and create a foundation for the development of new products and revenue streams. The segment expects to further expand its presence in selected markets and geographies to help drive growth. We have maintained a strong financial position, and our primary source of funds for operations is cash from our businesses, which have been strong cash generators. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow expected from operations, and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital, and debt service. We have recorded $920 million for our redeemable noncontrolling interest in our S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC partnership. The financial benchmarks industry is subject to the new pending benchmark regulation in the European Union as well as potential increased regulation in other jurisdictions. We are subject to a number of lawsuits and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, and we recognize a liability for such contingencies when it is probable that a liability had been incurred. Our employee pension and other postretirement benefit costs and obligations are dependent on assumptions concerning the outcome of future events and circumstances. We continually assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to our contingencies, as well as potential amounts or ranges of probable losses, and recognize a liability for these contingencies based on an analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel. We believe the following critical accounting policies require us to make significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.