The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We continued our focus on safety to reduce risk and eliminate incidents for our employees, our customers, and the public. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, quality control, training, and employee engagement, and targeted capital investments. We will continue to align resources with customer demand, improve network performance, and maintain our surge capability. Economic conditions in many of our market sectors continue to drive uncertainty with respect to our volume levels. We expect volumes to be down slightly in 2016 compared to 2015, but this will depend on the overall economy and market conditions. The strong U.S. dollar and historic low commodity prices could also drive continued volatility. One of the biggest uncertainties is the outlook for energy markets, which will bring both challenges and opportunities. We expect continued margin improvement driven by continued pricing opportunities, ongoing productivity initiatives, and the ability to leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise. Our operating ratio improved 0.4 points to a new record low of 63.1% in 2015 compared to 2014. Core pricing gains, the impact of lower fuel prices, resource realignments, network efficiencies, and productivity gains more than offset the impact of lower volume and inflation. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.75 billion, which may be revised if business conditions or the regulatory environment affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We will continue to invest in our network and terminals where appropriate, balancing terminal capacity with mainline capacity. Significant investments in technology improvements are planned, including approximately $375 million for positive train control. We expect to fund our 2016 cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We believe we have adequate access to capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements, and we have sufficient financial capacity to satisfy our current liabilities. We continue to take steps and explore opportunities to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment, including investments in new technologies, using training programs to reduce fuel consumption, and changing our operations to increase fuel efficiency. We cannot fully determine the effect of all asserted and unasserted claims on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. We do not expect that any known lawsuits, claims, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, or guarantees will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity after taking into account liabilities and insurance recoveries previously recorded for these matters. Our maximum potential exposure under indemnification arrangements can range from a specified dollar amount to an unlimited amount, depending on the nature of the transactions and the agreements. We do not have any reason to believe that we will be required to make any material payments under these indemnity provisions. The facility allows for borrowings at floating rates based on London Interbank Offered Rates, plus a spread, depending upon credit ratings for our senior unsecured debt. The facility matures in May 2019 under a five-year term and requires UPC to maintain a debt-to-net-worth coverage ratio. We expect to continue to satisfy the debt-to-net-worth coverage ratio; however, many factors beyond our reasonable control could affect our ability to comply with this provision in the future.