We are engaged in a number of other research and mid- and early-stage development programs, including in the areas of oncology, pain, and neurology. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines. Our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on product sales of kalydeco and orkambi. We expect that cash flows from orkambi and kalydeco, together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. The adequacy of our available funds to meet our future operating and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the amount of future revenues generated by orkambi and kalydeco and the potential introduction of one or more of our other drug candidates to the market, the level of our business development activities, and the number, breadth, cost, and prospects of our research and development programs. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand these compliance programs globally. We are conducting two phase 1/2 clinical trials of vx-970, a protein kinase inhibitor in combination with commonly used DNA-damaging chemotherapies across a range of solid tumor types, including triple-negative breast cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. We also are in phase 1 development of vx-803, a second ATR inhibitor, alone and in combination with chemotherapy. The duration and cost of discovery, nonclinical studies, and clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project and are difficult to predict. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. We have maintained a substantial investment in research activities resulting in increases in research expenses. We expect our development expenses to increase in 2016 as compared to 2015 due to activities related to clinical trials. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial targets. Our obligation to fund these efforts is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause the discontinuance of the programs. We utilize key assumptions to determine the best estimate of selling price, which may include patient enrollment requirements from regulatory authorities, development timelines, reimbursement rates for personnel costs, discount rates, and estimated third-party development costs. We believe that the following effects of the consolidation and deconsolidation of variable interest entities on our consolidated financial statements are the most significant. We will continue to manage our capital structure and will consider all financing opportunities, whenever they may occur, that could strengthen our long-term liquidity profile.