In response to evolving customer and market expectations, we frequently expand and improve our technology to keep up with the pace of change, to provide enhancements to our tools to meet industry needs and to provide support at each stage of the customer's life cycle. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow a recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our digital marketing business provides comprehensive solutions that include analytics, social marketing, targeting, media optimization, digital experience management, cross-channel campaign management, audience management, premium video delivery and monetization. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital marketing business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We utilize a direct salesforce to market and license our adobe marketing cloud solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners including marketing agencies, systems integrators and developers that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. Our total digital media ARR of approximately $4.01 billion as of December 2, 2016 increased by $1.13 billion, or 39%, from $2.88 billion as of November 27, 2015. The change in our digital media ARR was primarily due to increases in the number of paid creative cloud and document cloud subscriptions, and continued adoption of our ETLAs. Our success in driving growth in ARR has positively affected our revenue growth. In fiscal 2016, we achieved record marketing cloud revenue of $1.63 billion, which represents 20% year-over-year revenue growth. The increase was primarily due to continued adoption of our Adobe Experience Manager offering and increases in Adobe Analytics and Adobe Campaign revenue. We expect that the addition of Tubemogul and sustained demand across our portfolio of marketing cloud solutions will drive revenue growth in future years. We believe that the assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for revenue recognition, business combinations, goodwill impairment and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates on a regular basis. We also discuss our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. Our estimated provisions for returns can vary from what actually occurs. Our estimated backlog of unbilled deferred revenue backlog may change from period to period due to certain factors, including the timing and duration of large customer subscriptions, SaaS and managed service agreements, varying billing cycles of these agreements, the timing of customer renewals, and changes in customer financial circumstances. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for the next twelve months.