Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing, and delivering innovative human therapeutics. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. We have focused our business and operating model through significant transformation and process improvement efforts. Our transformation has established a foundation for longer-term growth and we are approaching the development of promising new medicines with greater understanding, speed, and confidence. We believe that our next-generation biomanufacturing will reduce the scale and cost of making biologics while retaining a reliable, high-quality, compliant supply of medicines. Throughout the course of the year, we invested in external early-stage innovation to augment our internal research efforts. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products over time in order to provide for revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. We are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Rising healthcare costs and economic conditions also continue to pose challenges to our business, including continued pressure by third-party payers to reduce healthcare expenditures. Our pipeline continued to advance with the U.S. regulatory filing for Evenity™, and we announced positive results for several products, demonstrating our capacity for innovation and adaptation in response to market demands. We believe we are well positioned for the challenges and opportunities in the coming year. Challenges and opportunities led us to begin our transformation at Amgen, which will continue to be an important part of our strategy and execution. We have enthusiasm for the future and long-term growth based on innovative medicines that make a difference for patients suffering from serious illness. Our transformation includes a restructuring plan that will result in pre-tax accounting charges in the range of $800 million to $900 million. Since 2014, we have realized approximately $1.2 billion of transformation and process improvement savings. Our transformation and process improvement efforts are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. We are focused on executing our strategy and delivering results. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and achieving our major objectives. We continue to innovate with patient- and provider-friendly delivery systems to differentiate our products, as seen by our U.S. launch of the Repatha® Pushtronex™ system. We believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital; capital expenditure and debt service requirements; our plans to pay dividends and repurchase stock; and other business initiatives we plan to strategically pursue, including acquisitions and licensing activities. Our transformation efforts reflect a multifaceted approach to organizational resilience, emphasizing the importance of adaptability, resource allocation, and strategic initiatives in navigating a complex and challenging business environment.