The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, and government agencies. Nearly all of the revenue generated by our property operations during the year ended December 31, 2016, was recurring revenue that we expect to continue to receive in future periods. Our tenant leases with wireless carriers have an initial non-cancellable term of at least ten years, with multiple renewal terms, which contributes to our operational continuity and resilience. Revenue lost from cancellations of leases at the end of their terms or rent negotiations historically has not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our property operations. Our diversified communications site portfolio allows us to adapt to varying tenant billings and market demands. We continue to believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. We have focused on building relationships with large multinational carriers, which positions us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services and general economic conditions. We expect that a number of key industry trends will result in incremental revenue opportunities, including the deployment of advanced wireless technology across existing networks. Our master lease agreements with certain tenants provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of churn. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our liquidity depends upon our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. A key factor affecting our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is to maintain recurring revenue and convert it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs. Our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services. We believe that the cash generated by operating activities during the year ending December 31, 2017, will be sufficient to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, and signed acquisitions. We utilize our available liquidity and seek new sources of liquidity to fund capital expenditures, future growth, and expansion initiatives. Our ability to adapt to environmental disruptions and maintain operational flexibility is critical to our organizational resilience.