We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our operating system has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We expect to continue growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions. We intend to continue to invest in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our software and enhancements to our operating system. We work closely with third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our products, and we have expanded our contract manufacturing capabilities to include additional partners. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. Our results of operations will depend on our ability to continue to add new customers and sell additional products to our growing base of customers. We believe that customer references have been, and will continue to be, an important factor in winning new business. Our results of operations have been affected by our ability to sell more complex and higher-performance configurations of our products. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in the speed of our product development efforts. By investing in research and development, we believe we will be well positioned to continue our rapid growth and take advantage of our large market opportunity. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash flow from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for the foreseeable future. We expect cash inflows from operating activities to be affected by increased sales and timing of collections. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities have been for personnel costs, inventory purchases, investment in research and development, and litigation expenses. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on several factors, including sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing and the average sales price of our offerings. We believe that our future success will depend on our ability to expand sales to our existing customers as well as to add new end customers, while managing the risks associated with these opportunities.