The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The sales growth was driven primarily by growth in the information technology and data communications, industrial, automotive, mobile networks and military markets, with contributions from both the company's acquisitions as well as organic strength. The ability to generate cash from operating activities has been one of the company's fundamental financial strengths. The company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends and reduce indebtedness. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The company is also focused on controlling costs. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor and services through price increases, productivity improvements and cost saving programs. However, in certain markets, particularly in communications-related markets, implementing price increases can be difficult and there is no guarantee that the company will be successful. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency, cost reduction and pricing actions, and working capital management. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The company has been, and continues to be, able to borrow funds at reasonable interest rates. The company regularly reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. The company expects that capital expenditures in 2017 will be in a range of approximately $200.0 to $240.0. The company has recorded liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits. The company believes that its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash flow from operations, availability under its credit facilities, and access to capital markets provide adequate liquidity to meet its obligations for the next twelve months. The company has not recognized any goodwill impairment in 2016, 2015 or 2014 in connection with its annual impairment assessment. The company may also use cash to fund all or part of the cost of acquisitions, as it did with the 2016 acquisition of FCI. The company believes that its long-term asset allocation on average will approximate 60% with equity managers and 40% with fixed income managers. The company has focused on developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management.