Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations – underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers; investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities. We strive to generate underwriting profits in essentially all of our product lines. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are GEICO, General Re, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group, and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to such balances. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting of $1.4 billion in 2016, primarily due to increased earnings from Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group and General Re. The business segment data should be read in conjunction with this discussion. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are subject to significant external pressures, including changes in market conditions and competitive landscapes, which necessitate effective risk assessment and management strategies. We remain prepared to write substantially more business when appropriate prices can be attained. Our property/casualty business produced pre-tax underwriting gains, and we continue to decline business when we believe prices are inadequate. The operational improvements reflect the capacity added through capital investments for line expansion and system improvement projects. We expect future capital expenditures will be funded by cash flows from operations and debt issuances. The comparative increases in each period resulted from higher average outstanding debt. We expect low oil production and pipeline displacement will continue to negatively impact the demand for crude oil shipments. We also record deferred charges with respect to our retroactive reinsurance contracts, which will be amortized and charged to pre-tax earnings in the future based on the expected timing and amount of loss payments. Our management does not evaluate underwriting performance based upon market share and our underwriters are instructed to reject inadequately priced risks. The increase in gross margins derived primarily from the regulated electric business, which benefitted from changes in rates and lower fuel costs. We continue to hold significant cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. Treasury bills earning very low yields. Our insurance businesses are characterized by a strong capital base and significant liquidity, which are critical for resilience in the face of market volatility and operational challenges. The comparative increase in earnings was primarily attributable to the aforementioned increases in revenues and lower average raw material and energy costs. Our service businesses offer fractional ownership programs for general aviation aircraft and high technology training to operators of aircraft. The increase reflected the impact of business acquisitions and increased earnings from several of our other energy businesses. We believe that investment and derivative gains/losses are often meaningless in terms of understanding our reported results or evaluating our economic performance.