We are a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a focus on customer relationship management, or CRM. Our core mission is to help our customers transform by empowering them to connect with their customers in entirely new ways. Our customer success platform provides the tools customers need to succeed in a digital world. We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, and technologies, which has resulted in a significant increase in our acquisition activity. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include our prospective customers' willingness to migrate to enterprise cloud computing services, the availability, performance, and security of our service, and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. We expect to continue to add substantial numbers of paying subscriptions and provide high-quality technical support to our customers. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity and the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales and research and development. We also regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses and technologies to expand our service offerings. We drive innovation organically and through acquisitions, such as our acquisition of Demandware, a digital commerce leader. Our aggressive growth plans and integration of previously acquired businesses have incurred significant expenses, which have reduced our operating income. We remain focused on improving operating margins and expect to continue this focus. Our attrition rate has remained consistent, which has helped maintain our subscription and support revenues. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which have facilitated customer retention. Our subscription and support revenues are recognized ratably over the contract terms, and our contracts are generally non-cancelable. We expect our attrition rate to remain stable as we continue to expand our enterprise business. The increase in subscription and support revenues was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from new business, including new customers and upgrades from existing customers. We have increased our headcount significantly to meet the higher demand for services from our customers and as a result of our acquisitions. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in building the necessary employee and system infrastructure required to support the development of new technologies. We are committed to enhancing our operational flexibility and resilience strategies to adapt to external pressures and disruptions. Our financial resources and operational management practices are designed to maintain performance under pressure and ensure organizational effectiveness. We recognize the importance of strategic initiatives and inter-organizational collaboration to navigate complex situations and achieve our major objectives. Our approach to crisis management and preparedness is integral to our organizational resilience, enabling us to confront challenges and sustain growth in turbulent markets. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months.