In an increasingly connected world, Cisco is helping to transform businesses, governments, and cities worldwide. We understand how technology can deliver the outcomes our customers want to achieve, and our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions including pervasive, industry-leading security that intelligently connects nearly everything that can be digitally connected. We believe this is driving them to adopt entirely new IT architectures and organizational structures. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Inventory and supply chain management remain areas of focus as we balance the need to maintain supply chain flexibility to help ensure competitive lead times with the risk of inventory obsolescence, particularly in light of current macroeconomic uncertainties and conditions and the resulting potential for changes in future demand forecast. We believe the flat revenue growth in our switching product category was driven in large part by the uncertainty in the macro environment which led to a slowdown in customer spending. Our total revenue grew in our APJC geographic segment, while revenue declined in the Americas and EMEA geographic segments. The emerging countries of BRICM, in the aggregate, experienced 3% product revenue growth, with growth in China, India, and Mexico, partially offset by decreases in the other two BRICM countries. We believe we are well positioned. At the same time, we are aggressively investing in priority areas to drive growth over the long term regardless of the environment. We are committed to maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to changing market conditions. Our strategy includes accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we believe that we have made solid progress over the past year in these priority areas. We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business. We consider the likelihood of impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss, in determining loss contingencies. We regularly evaluate information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be made or adjusted and whether new accruals are required. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. We expect to continue to expand the use of our financing programs in the near term. Our financing arrangements include leases, financed service contracts, and loans. We expect that cash provided by operating activities may fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, the rate at which products are shipped during the quarter, the timing and collection of accounts receivable and financing receivables, inventory and supply chain management, deferred revenue, and excess tax benefits resulting from share-based compensation.