We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity, and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. We continue to analyze and refine our estimates of the ultimate impact of health care reform on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Health care reform presented us with new growth opportunities but also introduced new risks, regulatory challenges, and uncertainties, and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed, and administered. We believe that our pricing strategy, brand name, and network quality will provide a strong foundation for commercial risk membership growth opportunities in the future. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We are committed to deleveraging to the low 40% range approximately twenty-four months following the closing of the acquisition. The acquisition is subject to certain state regulatory approvals, other standard closing conditions, and customary approvals required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. We expect that our pro forma debt-to-capital ratio will approximate 49% following the closing of the acquisition. We have a $2,500.0 commercial paper program, and should commercial paper issuance be unavailable, we have the ability to use a combination of cash on hand and/or our $3,500.0 senior revolving credit facility to redeem any outstanding commercial paper upon maturity. We also expect to maintain our common stock dividend and will maintain flexibility with our share repurchase program. The future results of our operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy. We are committed to optimizing our reimbursement rates and strategies to help address the cost pressures faced by employers and consumers. We are taking a leadership role in the area of payment reform as evidenced by our enhanced personal health care program. We continually negotiate with hospitals and physicians to manage these cost trends. We have continued to implement security enhancements since the cyber attack incident. We believe we have adequately reviewed our investment securities for impairment and that our investment securities are carried at fair value. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements while preserving our asset base. We regularly review and set assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization when initially establishing claim liabilities. We continually monitor and adjust the claims liability and benefit expense based on subsequent paid claims activity. Our results of operations are impacted by levels and mix of membership, and we have experienced membership growth due to the quality and pricing of our health benefits products and services, improved economic conditions, and decreases in unemployment.