Management believes that this provides useful information to investors. We integrate acquisitions as quickly as possible. The integration of Alstom's thermal business has yielded significant efficiencies in supply chain, service infrastructure, new product development, and SG&A costs. We continue to closely monitor the economic environment and may undertake further restructuring actions to more closely align our cost structure with earnings goals. Restructuring and other charges relate primarily to workforce reductions, facility exit costs associated with the consolidation of sales, service, and manufacturing facilities, the integration of recent acquisitions, and other asset write-downs. We expect to maintain an elevated liquidity position as we generate cash from asset sales, returning to more normalized levels in 2019. We believe that presenting organic revenue growth separately for our industrial businesses provides management and investors with useful information about the trends of our industrial businesses and enables a more direct comparison to other non-financial businesses and companies. We believe that our measure of industrial CFOA, and both industrial CFOA and GE CFOA excluding such sale-related taxes and pension contributions provides management and investors with useful measures to compare the capacity of our industrial operations to generate operating cash flow with the operating cash flow of other non-financial businesses and companies. We believe that presenting industrial operating profit and operating profit margin excluding gains, non-operating pension costs, restructuring and other, noncontrolling interests, GE capital preferred stock dividends, as well as the results of Alstom, increases the comparability of period-to-period results. The overall foreign currency impact on consolidated revenues was a decrease of $1.3 billion. The overall foreign currency impact on consolidated earnings was a decrease of $0.3 billion. We are involved in a number of remediation actions to clean up hazardous wastes as required by federal and state laws. We presently expect that such remediation actions will require average annual expenditures of about $0.2 billion in 2017 and about $0.1 billion in 2018. We expect to continue to have excess interest costs as asset sales have outpaced our debt maturities. We believe that the adjustments described above result in a more relevant measure for management and investors to evaluate performance of our industrial continuing operations, on a consistent basis, and to evaluate and compare the performance of our industrial continuing operations with the continuing operations of other businesses and companies. The market to "repower" existing wind turbines is growing as the existing onshore wind turbine fleet is aging. We expect to continue to have excess interest costs as asset sales have outpaced our debt maturities. We believe that the adjustments described above result in a more relevant measure for management and investors to evaluate performance of our industrial continuing operations, on a consistent basis, and to evaluate and compare the performance of our industrial continuing operations with the continuing operations of other businesses and companies. We believe that presenting industrial operating profit and operating profit margin excluding gains, non-operating pension costs, restructuring and other, noncontrolling interests, GE capital preferred stock dividends, as well as the results of Alstom, increases the comparability of period-to-period results. We believe that presenting industrial operating profit and operating profit margin excluding gains, non-operating pension costs, restructuring and other, noncontrolling interests, GE capital preferred stock dividends, as well as the results of Alstom, increases the comparability of period-to-period results.