The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. Our revenues from international markets continue to increase and movements in foreign exchange rates impact such revenues. We continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. We expect to continue investing in our employees, as they are critical to our success. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus for Google, such as search, advertising, and machine learning, as well as in new products and services across both Google and other bets. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital, and we expect to continue to spend cash on acquisitions and other investments. Our advertising revenue growth rate has fluctuated over time as a result of a number of factors, including increasing competition, query growth rates, challenges in maintaining our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, the evolution of the online advertising market, our investments in new business strategies, changes in our product mix, and shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices, and our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors, including the relative revenue growth rates of Google properties and our Google network members' properties, traffic acquisition costs paid to our distribution partners, and the growth rates of expenses associated with our data center operations. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions, and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material impact on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.