Our business environment has been characterized by industry consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing, and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; market participants' rising demand for speed, data capacity, and connectivity, which requires ongoing investment in technology; evolving and disparate regulation across multiple jurisdictions; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. Price volatility increases the need to hedge risk and creates demand among market participants for the exchange of risk through trading and clearing. The ability to evolve existing products to serve emerging needs, develop new products, and respond to competitive dynamics in pricing, exclusivity, and consolidation is important to our business. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 57% in 2016. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets, or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. However, some of the proposed rules have yet to be implemented and some rules that have already been propagated are being reconsidered. As this is established, legislative and regulatory actions may change the way we conduct our business and may create uncertainty for market participants, which could affect trading volumes or demand for market data. We have continued to monitor potential impairment triggering events in our CDS trade execution business during 2016, including the impacts of divesting the brokerage business, changes in the business and regulatory climate in which the remaining business operates, the volatility in the capital markets, our recent operating performance, and our current financial projections. We recognize that our operational flexibility and adaptability are crucial in maintaining performance under pressure, particularly in light of external disturbances and environmental perturbations. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our organizational capabilities, ensuring that we can confront unexpected situations and reconfigure our resources effectively. We have established a robust framework for risk assessment and mitigation, which is essential for sustaining organizational health and resilience. Our focus on innovation and service enhancement is integral to our competitive advantage, allowing us to respond to customer needs and market demands proactively. The growth in our data services revenues is a testament to our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity, reflecting our commitment to organizational resilience and transformation in a rapidly evolving business landscape.