Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. To remain competitive and continue to grow, we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The industry in which we operate is dynamic and highly competitive, characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. The result is a global market that is shifting from traditional services that are paper-based, human-produced, and brick-and-mortar bound, to one where people understand, demand, and embrace the benefits of connected services. This trend toward connected services is the primary driver of the strategies in all of our businesses. Our consumer tax offerings have significant seasonal patterns, resulting in total revenue for our third quarter representing nearly half of our total revenue for those years. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2016 as well as our future prospects. We continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud. We have also segregated the net assets of our discontinued operations from continuing operations on our balance sheet. Our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $1.1 billion at July 31, 2016, and we expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to these kinds of opportunities. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months. We have included the results of operations for Check Inc. in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. The acquisition method of accounting requires us to exercise judgment and make significant estimates and assumptions regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination as of the date of acquisition. We test for potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives annually or whenever indicators of impairment arise. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. We monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing the credit facility. We currently believe that the credit facility will be available to us should we choose to borrow under it. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we expect the seasonality of our consumer tax business to continue to have a significant impact on our quarterly financial results in the future.