We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives. Our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security, and information technology, including cybersecurity. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. However, we expect to continue to issue commercial paper backed by our revolving credit facility to manage the timing of our cash flows. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments. We recognize that changes in circumstances may require us to revise our assumptions, which could materially change our current estimate of net sales and operating profit margin. Our key programs continue to be supported and funded despite the continuing resolution financing mechanism. However, during periods covered by continuing resolutions, we may experience delays in procurement of products and services due to lack of funding, and those delays may affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We anticipate there will continue to be a significant amount of debate and negotiations within the U.S. government over defense spending for fiscal year 2017 and beyond. In the context of these negotiations, it is possible that existing cuts to government programs could be kept in place, replaced with different spending cuts, and/or replaced with a package of broader reforms to reduce the federal deficit. Our operational flexibility is enhanced by our ability to adapt to changing customer needs and external pressures. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. We have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases, and postretirement benefit plan contributions. We expect our 2017 net sales to increase in the low-double-digit percentage range as compared to 2016 due to increased volume on the F-35 program. Our business strategy includes strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We continue to experience international interest in our products, particularly in the air and missile defense product line. The operational management of our programs involves assessing risks to the achievement of technical, schedule, and cost aspects of contracts, which is critical for maintaining organizational resilience. We routinely monitor the status of our environmental remediation sites and record liabilities and receivables in the period it becomes probable that a liability has been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control. The changes in our cost of sales for both products and services are typically accompanied by changes in our net sales. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described, but their operational results are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs.