The increase in operating income and net income is due primarily to increased revenues partially offset by increased content expenses as we continue to acquire, license and produce content, including more Netflix originals, as well as increased marketing and headcount costs to support our international expansion. We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 36% in 2016. The increase in domestic streaming revenues was due to a 12% growth in the average number of paid memberships and an 8% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership. The average monthly revenue per paying membership for the fourth quarter of 2016 increased by 15% compared to the same quarter in the prior year. These increases in average monthly revenue per paying membership resulted from our price changes and plan mix. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to a $335.4 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. In addition, we had a $33.2 million increase in other costs, such as payment processing fees and customer service call centers, due to our growing member base. The increase in our international revenues was due to the 57% growth in the average number of paid international memberships and a 4% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $998.5 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. Other costs increased $132.5 million primarily due to increases in our streaming delivery expenses, costs associated with our customer service call centers and payment processing fees, all driven by our growing member base. We expect to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity and may result in future negative free cash flows even after we achieve material global profitability. Our ability to obtain any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, financial condition and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to a $162.3 million increase in personnel-related costs resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a 20% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion. General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to a $148.9 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, resulting from a 39% increase in average headcount primarily to support our international expansion and increased production of original content. Our domestic DVD segment had a contribution margin of 52% for the year ended December 31, 2016, up from 50% for the year ended December 31, 2015 due to the decrease in DVD usage by paying members. The significant net cash used in operations is due primarily to the increase in investments in streaming content that require more upfront payments. The payments for streaming content assets increased $2,271.4 million, from $4,609.2 million to $6,880.6 million, or 49%. In addition, we had increased payments associated with higher operating expenses. The increase in our effective tax rate is mainly due to a $13.4 million release of tax reserves in 2015 and an increase in foreign taxes. We believe that it is more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets will ultimately be realized. The expected timing of the payment of the obligations discussed below is estimated based on information available to us as of December 31, 2016. Streaming content obligations increased $3.6 billion from $10.9 billion as of December 31, 2015 to $14.5 billion as of December 31, 2016 primarily due to multi-year commitments associated with the continued expansion of our exclusive and original programming.