Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including improving utility operations through growth in investment in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency and to meet customer expectations and public policy objectives. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission projects that focus on reliability improvements and replacement of aging infrastructure. We also continue to make investments to improve the resiliency of our gas and electric distribution system as part of our energy strong program. Our investments in the latter half of 2015 and early 2016 reflect our recognition of the value of opportunistic growth in the power business. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-growing economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described. In order to do this, we must continue to execute our utility capital investment program, including our energy strong program and other investments for growth that yield contemporaneous and reasonable risk-adjusted returns while enhancing the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintaining the reliability of the service we provide to our customers. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of opportunities in a rapidly evolving market as we remain diligent in managing costs. We continue to monitor and engage with stakeholders on significant regulatory and legislative developments. Our primary investment opportunities are in our regulated utility business and our merchant power business. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value, including the expansion of our geographic footprint and continued or expanded participation in solar, demand response, and energy efficiency programs. Our strategic initiatives reflect our commitment to enhancing organizational resilience through infrastructure investments, operational flexibility, and stakeholder engagement, which are essential for adapting to environmental perturbations and ensuring long-term sustainability. The early retirement of certain generation units will have a material effect on our results, but we believe that our strategic planning and investment in diverse energy sources will bolster our operational resilience and capacity to respond to future challenges.