Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, as well as provide energy storage through the offering of powerpack and powerwall. Our long-term agreements with our customers generate a predictable and reliable stream of cash flows. We continue to make progress in increasing vehicle production, achieving a production volume increase of 64% year-over-year despite challenges such as part shortages. We expect that the demand for our vehicles will continue to increase as we improve our vehicles and expand our retail, service, and charging infrastructure. We are also expanding our sales, service, and charging infrastructure worldwide to accommodate a larger fleet of customer vehicles and provide timely customer service. We are developing gigafactory 1 as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules, and battery packs in one location for both vehicles and energy storage products. We continue to invest in construction of gigafactory 1 and in production equipment for battery, module, and pack production. We believe that demand for our energy products will continue to increase, and we plan to reduce customer acquisition costs by cutting advertising spend and increasingly selling solar products in Tesla stores. We expect to invest between $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion in capital expenditures ahead of the start of model 3 production in 2017. Our capital expenditure needs include expenditures for tooling, production equipment, and construction of the model 3 production lines, as well as new retail locations, service centers, and supercharger locations. We expect that our current sources of liquidity will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months based on our current plans. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs to support our growth in operations, including investments in manufacturing equipment and tooling, the continued construction of our gigafactory, and our stores, service centers, and supercharger network infrastructure. We are planning to produce 500,000 total vehicles in 2018, which is approximately double our prior growth plan. We expect operating expenses to grow in 2017, driven by engineering, design, and testing expenses related to model 3, supplier contracts, and higher sales and service costs associated with expanding our worldwide geographic presence. We expect total operating expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue over time as we focus on increasing operational efficiency while continuing to expand our customer and corporate infrastructure. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as manufacturing, research and development, and selling, general and administrative. We recognize the effect of uncertainty on our tax attributes based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. We believe that our consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. We continue to expand production capacity at our Fremont factory and are exploring additional production capacity in Asia and Europe. We are committed to maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in response to environmental perturbations and market demands, ensuring our organizational resilience in the face of challenges and opportunities.