Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems, and a cyber attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products makes them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. These systems have been and are expected to continue to be the target of malware and other cyber attacks. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which Abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in the future. Any significant attack or other disruption on Abbott's systems or products could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's business. The acquisition of St. Jude Medical provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals, and branded generic pharmaceuticals. The combined company will compete in nearly every area of the $30 billion cardiovascular market as well as in the neuromodulation market. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. Abbott commits substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development, and a high rate of failure is inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. Abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including after significant funds have been invested. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, Abbott's financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond Abbott's control. Consequently, Abbott cannot assure that it will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to Abbott or at all, which could adversely impact Abbott's ability to make scheduled payments with respect to its consolidated indebtedness and its profitability and financial condition. Changes in credit markets or to Abbott's credit rating could impact Abbott's ability to obtain financing for its business operations or result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense. Abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's then opinion of Abbott's financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet its debt obligations. Abbott utilizes the short- and long-term debt markets to obtain capital from time to time. Adverse changes in Abbott's credit ratings may result in increased borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term borrowing facilities and may limit financing options, including access to the unsecured borrowing market. Abbott's business is subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally. The international nature of Abbott's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline. Abbott's business is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, and international and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices.