Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. The process of developing new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly, and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. If we are unable to extend our core technologies into new applications and platforms and to anticipate or respond to technological trends, the market's acceptance of our products and services could decline, and our results would suffer. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and better integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods, and other technological developments. We spend substantial time and expense on our sales efforts without any assurance that potential customers will ultimately purchase our solutions. Our extended sales cycle for these products and services makes it difficult to predict when a given sales cycle will close. Maintaining the security of our products, computers, and networks is a critical issue for us and our customers. The costs to prevent, eliminate, or alleviate cyber- or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs, and security vulnerabilities are significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful or may be delayed. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities through engineering more secure products, enhancing security and reliability features in our products and systems, code hardening, conducting rigorous penetration tests, deploying updates to address security vulnerabilities, and improving our incident response time. The introduction of new products, services, and business models by competitors or others could harm our competitive position and results of operations. Our digital marketing business provides comprehensive solutions that include analytics, social marketing, targeting, media optimization, digital experience management, cross-channel campaign management, audience management, premium video delivery, and monetization. We deliver these capabilities through our Adobe Marketing Cloud, an integrated offering enabling marketers to measure, personalize, and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal marketing performance. Our customers include digital marketers, advertisers, publishers, merchandisers, web analysts, chief marketing officers, chief information officers, and chief revenue officers. These customers often are involved in workflows that utilize other Adobe products, such as our digital media offerings and our video workflow and delivery technologies. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital marketing business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure, and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We utilize a direct salesforce to market and license our Adobe Marketing Cloud solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners including marketing agencies, systems integrators, and developers that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. Our success in driving growth in annual recurring revenue has positively affected our revenue growth.