Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The level of importance of each of the following risks may vary from time to time, and any of these risks may have a material effect on our business. Failure to comply with, or changes in, laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition. We are unable to determine the ultimate impact that health care reform will have on our PEO business and our ability to attract and retain PEO clients. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures; however, there can be no assurance that none of our employees, consultants or agents will take actions in violation of our policies, for which we may be ultimately responsible. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. If we fail to adapt our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. In order to remain competitive and responsive to client demands, we continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events. Our focus on product innovation, the high demand for additional HCM solutions, investments in and productivity of our salesforce, and continued positive economic growth in the United States led our sales force to deliver strong new business bookings during fiscal 2016. Our sales force's ability to sell to new and existing clients as well as our implementation team's ability to implement new clients on our solutions and implement new services to existing clients drove solid revenue growth during fiscal 2016. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, good margins, the ability to generate consistent, healthy cash flows, strong client retention, and low capital expenditure requirements. We believe that our efforts during the fiscal year, in conjunction with our service alignment initiative announced in July, positions us well as we head into fiscal 2017. Our total expenses increased due to additional investments in product innovation and expenses directly related to the increase in new business bookings. Systems development and programming costs increased due to increased investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our products. We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years and out to ten years. We minimize the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such client's obligation becomes due by impounding, in virtually all instances, the client's funds in advance of the timing of payment of such client's obligation.