Our business relies on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational, reporting, and compliance activities and to maintain our business records. We utilize IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our computer systems, or those of our cloud or internet-based providers, could fail and are subject to interruption or damage from various risks, including power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, and catastrophic events. Although we and our vendors have disaster recovery programs and security measures in place, if our computer systems and backup systems are compromised or cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations or unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, which could damage our reputation and require us to incur significant costs to remediate these issues. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of tenant leases are not renewed, which could affect our ability to respond to tenant demands and market dynamics. We face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which can affect our ability to plan, forecast, and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the financial performance of our tenants. We believe that consistent carrier investments in their networks across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our expansion initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, which could adversely affect our operating results or expose us to additional risk. Our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks, including changes to existing laws or new laws impacting our international operations, which may be applied retroactively. We believe the majority of our site leasing activity will continue to come from wireless service providers, and we anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. Our strategic partnerships with tenants are designed to build and augment strong relationships that reduce the likelihood of churn and facilitate rapid deployment of equipment on our sites. We expect that our total capital expenditures will be allocated among investment alternatives that meet our return on investment criteria while maintaining our commitment to long-term financial policies.