The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change, and the company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, believing that its global presence is an important competitive advantage. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company continually develops or creates new product line concepts, and its long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source, and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. The company estimates that products introduced in the last two years accounted for approximately 20% of 2016 net sales. The company reported net sales to the information technology and data communications market increased, reflecting the benefits of acquisitions as well as growth in products for data centers, including server, networking, and storage-related applications. The company believes that its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company is also focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes, and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company's operational flexibility is enhanced through its ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to the company's reputation and operating results. The company has implemented preventative security measures to prevent, detect, address, and mitigate cybersecurity threats, although its infrastructure may still be susceptible to disruptions from such incidents. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments and uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company believes that its cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash flow from operations, availability under its credit facilities, and access to capital markets provide adequate liquidity to meet its obligations. The company has used the capital markets to invest in its business and make strategic acquisitions, and its ability to access these markets on favorable terms is crucial for financing capital investments, acquisitions, and other initiatives. The company is subject to interest rate volatility with regard to existing and future issuances of debt, which could impact its financial performance. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.