Our acquisition of BRCM and the integration of its business, operations, and employees with our own will involve risks, and the failure to integrate successfully or realize the anticipated benefits could adversely affect our financial results and the value of our ordinary shares. Consolidating and integrating information technology, corporate, finance, and administrative infrastructures is a significant challenge. We depend on various IT systems, including networks, applications, internal IT systems, and outsourced services. We rely on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services, including certain services related to accounting, billing, human resources, benefit plan administration, IT network development, and network monitoring. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations by harming our ability to accurately forecast sales demand, manage our supply chain and production facilities, fulfill customer orders, and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. The successful integration of the BRCM business will require significant management attention and may divert the attention of management from our business and operational issues. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods, and the loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten direct or indirect customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our business is dependent on winning competitive bid selection processes, known as "design wins," to develop semiconductors for use in our customers' products. These selection processes are typically lengthy and can require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. The timing of design wins is unpredictable, and implementing production for a major design win, or multiple design wins occurring at the same time, may strain our resources and those of our contract manufacturers. We also depend on our third-party contract manufacturers to timely develop new, advanced manufacturing processes, including, in the case of wafer fabrication, transitions to smaller geometry process technologies. If these new processes are not timely developed or we do not have sufficient access to them, we may be unable to maintain or increase our manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our competitors or deliver products to our customers, which could result in loss of revenue opportunities and damage our relationships with our customers. Our manufacturing processes rely on many materials, including silicon, gallium arsenide, and indium phosphide wafers, and we purchase a significant portion of our semiconductor materials and finished goods from a few materials providers, some of which are single-source suppliers. We may pursue acquisitions, dispositions, investments, and joint ventures, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The integration of acquired businesses may not be successful and could involve significant challenges, including minimizing the disruption of our business and diversion of management's attention from daily operations, incurring significant restructuring charges, and implementing our management information systems, operating systems, and internal controls over, and integrating the personnel of, the acquired operations. The successful integration of the BRCM business will require significant management attention and may divert the attention of management from our business and operational issues. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.