Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. We are very dependent upon the level of consumer and business activity and the demand for payment and financing products. Our operating results may suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry. The payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with charge, credit, and debit card networks, issuers and acquirers, and evolving alternative payment and financing providers. We believe that companies that control access to consumer and merchant payment method choices through digital wallets or mobile applications could restrict our access to our customers and transaction data. Our ability to invest successfully in technological developments across all our businesses is critical, as the industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. We need to continue to invest in transaction processing, data management and analytics, customer interactions, and compliance systems. Incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time. Our ability to develop, acquire, or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties may assert. Our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, may experience service disruptions due to technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, or cyberattacks. A significant operating disruption, a major information security incident, or an increase in fraudulent activity could lead to reputational damage and significant legal, regulatory, and financial exposure. We have implemented an information security program designed to protect information and information systems from unauthorized access and disruption. Our operational risk management process defines operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems. We define compliance risk as the risk of legal or reputational harm due to non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Our global compliance and ethics organization is responsible for establishing and maintaining our corporate-wide compliance risk management program. We seek to manage and mitigate compliance risk by assessing, controlling, monitoring, measuring, and reporting the regulatory risks to which we are exposed. Our risk management framework includes a comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management program to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks. The implementation and execution of the program is overseen by our chief risk officer. Our technology infrastructure must support our business operations and strategic goals, and we continuously assess our technology capabilities to ensure they align with our business needs. The management of multiple third-party vendors increases our operational complexity and decreases our control. We rely on third-party service providers for services integral to our operations, and any failure to provide the data quality or services we require could interrupt or compromise our services to customers. Our ability to effectively manage operational and compliance risks is crucial to our overall performance and reputation in the marketplace.