The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, and current and new competitors can launch new services at a relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors, such as Google, Apple, Alibaba, Tencent, Amazon, and Facebook, have access to significantly greater and more diversified resources than we do, and they may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to enable them to compete more effectively with us. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. We believe that maintaining and strengthening our brands are important aspects of our efforts to attract and retain customers. Our performance advertising efficiency, expressed as performance advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit, is impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and that are, in some cases, outside of our control, including average daily rates, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign exchange rates, and our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers. We have observed an increase in promotional pricing to closed user groups, including through mobile apps. Our strategy involves continued expansion in regions throughout the world, which have different economic conditions, customs, languages, currencies, consumer expectations, levels of consumer acceptance and use of the internet for commerce, legislation, regulatory environments, tax laws, and levels of political stability. We are subject to ongoing tax examinations and assessments in various jurisdictions, and we may incur additional tax expense based upon our assessment of the more likely than not outcomes or we may adjust previously recorded tax expense to reflect examination results. Our business has grown substantially over the last several years and continues to expand into new geographic locations. We have taken and continue to take steps to increase the reliability and redundancy of our systems. We utilize both internally developed systems and third-party systems to operate our services, including transaction processing, order management, and financial systems. Our processing, storage, use, and disclosure of personal data expose us to risks of internal or external security breaches and could give rise to liabilities. We have experienced targeted and organized phishing attacks and may experience more in the future. Our efforts to protect information from unauthorized access may be unsuccessful or may result in the rejection of legitimate attempts to book reservations through our services. We rely on certain third-party computer systems and third-party service providers, including global distribution systems and computerized central reservation systems of the accommodation, rental car, and airline industries in connection with providing some of our services. Any interruption in these third-party services and systems or deterioration in their performance could prevent us from booking related accommodation, rental car, and airline reservations and have a material adverse effect on our business, brands, and results of operations. Our business is exposed to risks associated with processing credit card transactions, and our results have been negatively impacted by purchases made using fraudulent credit cards. We may be held liable for accepting fraudulent credit cards on our websites as well as other payment disputes with our customers. Our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage growth and our future operations, especially as we employ personnel in multiple geographic locations around the world. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, motivate, and manage required personnel, which may limit our growth, damage our reputation, negatively affect our financial performance, and otherwise harm our business.