Our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products, apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals, and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. Additionally, the medical device markets in which we primarily participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, economic pressures experienced by our customers, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. Our ability to manage and coordinate our information technology systems is critical as we rely on these systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our information technology systems make them vulnerable to cyber-attacks, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions, or other breaches, could result in unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property, or other misappropriation of assets. We believe that we meet the expectations of applicable regulations and that the ongoing costs and impacts of ensuring compliance with such rules are not material to our business. However, there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies. Our products are continually subject to clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors, or other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or future prospects. We are continuing to investigate, and have completed several acquisitions that involve opportunities to further expand our presence in, and diversify into priority growth areas by accessing new products and technologies. Our strategic acquisitions, investments, and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high-quality medical devices that satisfy their interventional needs. The success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments, or alliances will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to identify suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment, or alliance, if at all; and our ability to successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring, the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems, and finance. We cannot guarantee that the activities under our restructuring plan or other optimization initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings.