Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, and changes in laws. These factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and the value of investments, and we may not be able to manage our exposure to these market conditions. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns, our funds' portfolio companies may experience adverse operating performance, decreased revenues, credit rating downgrades, financial losses, and increased funding costs. Negative financial results in our investment funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to raise new funds as well as our operating results and cash flow. The identification of capital deployment opportunities may remain challenging, and the capital markets may experience volatility, including as a result of uncertainty regarding governmental and tax policy. Our success will depend on the continued service of key personnel, whose efforts, skill, reputations, and business contacts generate information and deal flow essential to our activities. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems. Our systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. We depend on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including information systems and technology, and any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties could impair the quality of the funds' operations and affect our reputation. Our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations. The financial services industry has been the subject of heightened scrutiny, and the SEC has specifically focused on private equity. We regularly are subject to requests for information and informal or formal investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties. Our growth strategy is based, in part, on the selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. The success of this strategy will depend on the availability of suitable opportunities, the level of competition from other companies, our ability to value potential development or acquisition opportunities accurately, and our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with venture partners. Our investment businesses are subject to the risk that similar measures might be introduced in other countries in which our funds currently have investments or plan to invest in the future, or that other legislative or regulatory measures that negatively affect their respective portfolio investments might be promulgated in any of the countries in which they invest.