Citi's full year 2016 results reflected solid overall performance and underlying momentum across the franchise, including in several businesses where Citi has been making investments, such as its North America Citi-branded cards business. Citi announced its $1 billion investment in Mexico to be completed by 2020 where it believes it has the opportunity to build upon its strong brand position and scale to lead to improved returns. Citi's results of operations excluding the impact of foreign currency translation provide a meaningful depiction for investors of the underlying fundamentals of its businesses. Citi's revenues were $69.9 billion in 2016, a decrease of 8% from the prior year, driven by a 2% decline in Citicorp and a 57% decline in Citi Holdings. Excluding the impact of CVA/DVA in 2015, Citigroup reported net income of $14.9 billion for 2016, or $4.72 per share, compared to $17.1 billion, or $5.35 per share, in the prior year. The 13% decrease in net income from the prior year was primarily driven by lower revenues, largely due to the decline in Citi Holdings, partially offset by lower expenses and lower credit costs. Citi's total provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims of $7.0 billion decreased 12% from the prior year, driven by a decrease in net credit losses and a lower provision for benefits and claims due to lower insurance-related business activity within Citi Holdings. The net build of allowance for loan losses and unfunded lending commitments was $217 million in 2016, compared to a $120 million release in 2015. Citicorp's net reserve build was $680 million, compared to a net loan loss reserve build of $358 million in 2015. The larger net reserve build in 2016 was primarily related to the North America cards franchise, driven primarily by the impact of the Costco portfolio acquisition, volume growth, and seasoning. Citi continues to execute on its investment plans for Citibanamex, totaling more than $1 billion over the next several years, including initiatives to modernize the branch network, enhance digital capabilities, and upgrade core operating platforms. Citi's international GCB revenues decreased 8% versus the prior year to $11.8 billion, driven by a decline in Latin America GCB and Asia GCB. The overall strategy of GCB is to leverage Citi's global footprint and seek to be the preeminent bank for the emerging affluent and affluent consumers in large urban centers. ICG generated year-over-year revenue growth despite challenging market conditions, with revenues largely unchanged as a 4% increase in markets and securities services was offset by a 5% decrease in banking revenues. The efficiency ratio for Citicorp was 58% in 2016, reflecting strong expense discipline. Citi's management of the markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluating of various factors impacting revenues, including market liquidity and changes in market variables. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.