Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior. The ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors, and government authorities. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, or if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of DOCSIS 3.1, X1 set-top boxes, wireless gateways, and cloud DVR technology. Our cable communications business continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet and business services businesses and by launching additional services. We are actively deploying set-top boxes for our internet protocol and cloud-enabled video platform, referred to as our X1 platform, and cloud DVR technology throughout our footprint. We are continuing to expand our network of residential, outdoor, and business Wi-Fi hotspots to allow most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home. Our technical and product support expenses include costs for network operations, product development, fulfillment, and provisioning, which increased primarily due to expenses related to the development, delivery, and support of our enhanced devices and services. Our programming expenses represent our most significant operating expense and are affected by the programming license fees charged by cable networks. We anticipate that our programming expenses will increase at a higher growth rate, as the fees we pay will increase primarily due to the timing of contract renewals and increases in retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs. Our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. The risk of systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many lines of business, and our lines of business may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and the fact that we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form stored on cloud servers. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, our ability to provide some services may be adversely affected. We believe that adding more content and delivering it on various platforms will help us to attract and retain video customers. Our capital expenditures for 2017 are focused on continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity; increased investment in line extensions primarily for the expansion of business services; and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our X1 platform, and cloud DVR technology.