Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to certain considerations, including cash available for distribution, our financial condition, and the level of reserves we establish for future capital expenditures. We expect to continue to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders; however, we bear all expenses incurred by our operations, and our funds generated by operations may not be sufficient to cover desired levels of distributions. The exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly competitive industry, and we compete with private, public, and state-owned companies in all facets of the exploration and production business. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the financial and operational priorities that underpin our value proposition. We monitor operating and overhead costs, which are critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry, particularly in a low commodity price environment. The ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans, and technical strength is part of our heritage. We are evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices, and companywide, we continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across our operations. Our sustainability efforts in 2016 focused on updating action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water, and human rights, as well as revamping public reporting to be more informative and responsive to common questions. Our operations are subject to extensive governmental regulations, and we are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we pursue improved health, safety, and environment performance. Our technologies, systems, and networks may be subject to cybersecurity breaches, and if our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove to be insufficient, we could be adversely affected by having our business systems compromised. We have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, and as cyber attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures. Our capital expenditures and investments from continuing operations supported key exploration and development activities, including oil and natural gas development and exploration activities in various regions. Our capital allocation has shifted to focus on value-preserving, shorter cycle time, and low cost-of-supply unconventional programs in our resource base. We expect our proved reserves to increase if prices rise, but access to additional resources may become increasingly difficult as commodity prices can make projects uneconomic or unattractive. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements, and our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change. Our management carefully considers various factors when evaluating projects or determining the level of activity in countries where we operate, including political stability and the regulatory environment. The ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards continue to evolve, but we expect these laws and regulations to have an increasing impact on our operations.