Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of net sales. We believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. With respect to expenses relating to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. Because our business is operated on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the income statement, particularly merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income. Certain countries in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wages and benefit costs as a percentage of country sales, and/or less or no direct membership warehouse competition. Additionally, we operate our lower-margin gasoline business in all countries except Mexico, Korea, and Taiwan. Our investment in modernizing our information systems is ongoing and expected to continue to negatively impact SG&A expenses. Higher central operating costs of six basis points, predominantly due to costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service, incurred by our U.S. operations; and higher stock compensation expense of four basis points, due to appreciation in the trading price of our stock at the time of grant. Our warehouse operating costs were higher by one basis point due to higher payroll and employee benefit costs, primarily health care, in our U.S. operations. This increase was partially offset by lower payroll expense as a percentage of net sales in our Canadian operations. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar decreased our SG&A expenses by approximately $211 in 2016. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 18 basis points, mostly due to the negative impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales. Excluding this impact, SG&A expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales were 9.82%, an improvement of seven basis points. This was due to lower warehouse operating costs of 16 basis points, primarily from improvements in payroll expenses in our core business as a result of leveraging increased sales. This improvement was partially offset by higher central operating costs of five basis points, predominantly due to increased depreciation and service contract costs associated with our information systems modernization projects that were placed into service during the year, primarily incurred by our U.S. operations. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar decreased our SG&A expenses by approximately $282 in 2015. Our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. To a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations, the modernization of our information systems, and working capital. In 2016 we spent $2,649 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $2,600 to $2,800 during fiscal 2017. These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments.