The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers, or third-party service partners are breached, and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer's data, our data or our IT systems, our services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. We rely on computer hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by third parties in order to offer our services, including database software and hardware from a variety of vendors. Any damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result in interruptions in our services. We have from time to time experienced interruptions in our services and such interruptions may occur in the future. Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. The internet's infrastructure is comprised of many different networks and services that are highly fragmented and distributed by design. This infrastructure is run by a series of independent third-party organizations that work together to provide the infrastructure and supporting services of the internet. Privacy concerns and laws, evolving regulation of cloud computing, cross-border data transfer restrictions and other domestic or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely affect our business. The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our services, reduce overall demand for our services, lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for noncompliance, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, any of which could harm our business. The market for enterprise applications and platform services is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. We compete primarily with generalized platforms and vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps, including CRM, collaboration, e-commerce and business intelligence software. Our current competitors include on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors, cloud computing application service providers, marketing vendors, and software companies that provide their product or service free of charge, and only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality. As we acquire and invest in companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the market value of our common stock. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales, other customer-related areas and research and development, the expansion of domestic and international selling and marketing activities, specifically in our top markets, and the integration of new and acquired technologies. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to invest in building the necessary employee and system infrastructure required to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired businesses and technologies.