Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are subject to numerous factors, including changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers' spending plans. The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers, as well as the introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products, are critical to our success in new and evolving markets. Our ability to execute on our strategy and operating plans, including our investments in engineering, sales, service, and marketing, is essential in maintaining our competitive advantage. We expect to realign and dedicate resources into key priority and growth areas, such as security, IoT, collaboration, next-generation data center, cloud, and software, while also focusing on maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services. The return on these investments may be lower or develop more slowly than expected, which could adversely affect our operating results. Our business transformation is driven by the need to adapt to changing market dynamics and customer demands, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Trust and confidence in us as an IT supplier is critical to the development and growth of our markets, and any impairment of that trust could affect demand for our products. We have been investing in key priority areas, and if the return on these investments is lower than expected, our operating results may be harmed. Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, especially in light of a challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment. The timing of large orders can significantly affect our business and operating results from quarter to quarter. Our inventory management remains an area of focus, as we balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels against the risk of inventory obsolescence due to rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. We must manage our inventory relating to sales to our distributors effectively, as inventory held by them could affect our results of operations. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. We face competition from numerous vendors in each product category, and the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in newer product categories. Our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions that include pervasive, industry-leading security that intelligently connects nearly everything that can be connected. We believe that the successful products and solutions in the market will combine hardware and software elements together. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in additional impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income. We continue to invest in R&D to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion, and if we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses or partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D.