Chevron's operations are subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including cyber threats targeting its process control networks or other digital infrastructure, which could have a material adverse impact on the company's business and results of operations. The company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees in the conduct of its business, which could compromise critical systems and infrastructure, resulting in disruptions to business operations, injury to people, harm to the environment or assets, and loss, misuse, or corruption of critical data and proprietary information. Cyber events could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability, ultimately affecting the company's business performance. Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company incorporates potential ranges of physical risks into its capital investment reviews and decisions, which include factors such as storm severity and frequency, among others. However, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency, or severity of such events, which could materially affect the company's results of operations or financial condition. The company's operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight, and failure to manage these risks effectively could impair its ability to operate. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks. The company also faces liability risks from litigation or government action due to its operations involving potentially toxic materials, which could result in significant delays or liabilities. Political instability and changes in the regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business, particularly exploration and production, which can be affected by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments in various countries. The company evaluates the level of current and future activity in such countries while considering the potential impact of governmental actions, including increased public ownership or additional taxes and royalties. Changes in national, state, or local environmental regulations could adversely affect the company's operations and profitability. The company is challenged by increasing regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, which could curtail profitability in the oil and gas sector. The integration of greenhouse gas issues into the company's strategy and planning is essential, as these factors are considered in long-range supply, demand, and energy price forecasts. The actual level of expenditure required to comply with new or potential climate change-related laws and regulations is difficult to predict and will vary depending on enacted laws and market conditions. The ultimate impact of greenhouse gas emissions-related agreements and regulations on the company's financial performance is uncertain due to the unpredictable nature of political decision-making processes. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and operational performance. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions include impairments to property, plant, and equipment, and accruals for estimated liabilities.