We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. Many of our larger existing and potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house, which means we often compete against their in-house capabilities. We expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new well-funded competitors and new technologies, including large technology, media, and other companies not historically in the financial services industry. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. The market for our electronic transaction services continues to evolve and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough to sustain profitability. We believe future growth in the electronic transactions market will be driven by a combination of factors including speed, cost, ease-of-use, security, and quality of products and services offered to consumers and businesses. The success of our electronic commerce businesses also relies in part on financial institutions, billers, and other third parties to market our services to their customers. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients, and their customers. Security breaches, computer malware, or other cyber attacks could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. Our ability to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace is critical. We anticipate that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We expect that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. Our strategic initiatives include enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, and differentiating our products and services through innovation. The financial industry regularly introduces and implements new payment, deposit, lending, investment, and risk management products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. We have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model, and our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. Our ability to offer products or services that gain market acceptance is crucial to retaining existing clients and attracting new ones. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction, or marketing of these services, or our new services and enhancements may not adequately meet the demands of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets, and an impairment of a significant portion of these assets could negatively affect our results of operations. Our ability to attract and retain key personnel is essential for our future success, as our products and services require sophisticated knowledge of the financial services industry, applicable regulatory and industry requirements, computer systems, and software applications.