Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition and the need to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative products and technologies to the marketplace rapidly. As technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer user experiences that are, or that are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our current operations. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies, which may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including insufficient revenues from such investments to offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments. The functionality and user experience associated with some alternative devices may make the use of our products and services through such devices more difficult, and the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users. If we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users to our products and services, or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, we will fail to capture the opportunities available as consumers and advertisers continue to exist in a dynamic, multi-screen environment. We face risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, including the reliance on third parties to manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms. Additionally, we face risks associated with our trademarks and intellectual property rights, as effective protection may not be available in every country. The occurrence of a natural disaster, a decision to close a facility we are using, or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various factors, including natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, and computer viruses. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to create world-class security protections that shield against theft and security breaches, as the risk of such events is likely to increase as we expand the number of web-based products and services we offer. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition, including restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, import and export requirements, and different employee/employer relationships. We are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business, and changes in policies governing a wide range of topics may adversely affect our business. The growth of our company and our expansion into a variety of new fields involves a variety of new regulatory issues, and we have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny as we have grown. Our ability to continue to attract users to our websites and retain existing users on our websites is critical to our success, as is our ability to monetize traffic on Google properties and our Google network members' properties across various devices. The rapid growth of our business has tended to mask the cyclicality and seasonality of our business, and as our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality and seasonality in our business has become more pronounced. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization.