We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. In managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of and consistent access to this data for information such as sales, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment and order fulfillment. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. Our information technology developments enable us to provide an improved overall shopping and interconnected retail experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We must continually anticipate and adapt to changes in the purchasing process. We have implemented programs like boss, bopis, bodfs and direct fulfillment, but we cannot guarantee that these programs or others we may implement will be implemented successfully or will meet customers' needs and expectations. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third-party service providers or vendors. We have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data. Any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or company data, could result in significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. We have made, and we plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain and information technology systems. These initiatives, such as project sync and com, our new customer order management system, are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers, while simplifying customer interaction and providing our customers with a more interconnected retail experience. The cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term and lead to product availability issues. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates. Failure to maintain our stores and utilize our store space effectively; to provide a compelling online presence; to timely identify or respond to changing consumer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs; to provide quick and low-cost delivery alternatives; to differentiate the customer experience for our three primary customer groups; and to effectively implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.