The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes, functions, and technologies to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and established markets. These initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. IBM has been moving away from certain segments of the IT industry and into areas where it can differentiate itself through innovation, leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or commercialize such innovations, it could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and profit margins. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents. As the company's business focus on data grows, the potential impact of vulnerabilities and regulations on its business, risks, and reputation may grow accordingly. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, although none has had a material adverse effect to date. As the company's business and the cybersecurity landscape evolve, it may find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. Cyber attacks or catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in information technology, communication systems, or other critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to company, customer, or third-party operations or services, financial loss, potential liability, and damage to brand and reputation. The company's financial results are affected by factors such as the introduction of new products and services, its ability to compete effectively in increasingly competitive marketplaces, and the length of sales cycles. The company depends on skilled personnel, and much of its future success depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of these resources. Competition for skilled and experienced personnel is intense, and changing demographics may result in a loss of or insufficient knowledge and skills. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from numerous suppliers. Changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. If errors, malfunctions, or disruptions occur, there could be negative consequences impacting customers' business operations and harming the company's operating results. The company's relationships with critical suppliers and third-party distribution channels could also impact its business, as changes in the business condition of these partners could affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances, and dispositions, which present significant challenges and risks relating to integration and achieving strategic objectives. The company is involved in various ongoing claims and legal proceedings, and while it believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, legal and compliance risks will continue to exist. The company's financial performance could be impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions and customer credit risk on receivables, and it regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes from tax examinations, which could affect its financial condition.