The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets, or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. Financial institutions and corporations have acted to control spending, including on financial information and related services. Yet many of the data products and services we sell are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands; greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations; greater emphasis on risk management; market fragmentation driven by regulatory changes; the move to passive investing and indexation; ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets; increased electronification of fixed income and other less automated markets; the development of new data products; the demand for greater data capacity and connectivity; new entrants; and increasing demand for outsourced services by financial institutions. Our data services revenues increased during the year ended December 31, 2016, from the comparable period in 2015, primarily due to the acquisitions of interactive data and trayport in December 2015, the acquisitions of securities evaluations and credit market analysis in October 2016, the high retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased usage by existing customers, and the development of new and enhanced products designed to efficiently deliver more value to our customers. We recognized $1.1 billion in data services revenues for interactive data, trayport, securities evaluations, and credit market analysis during the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to $50 million in data services revenues for interactive data and trayport during the year ended December 31, 2015, subsequent to their acquisitions. Our trading and clearing segment operating income increased $75 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, from the comparable period in 2015, and increased $124 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, from the comparable period in 2014. The operating income and operating margin increases the last two years were driven by the revenue increases and operating expense decreases discussed above. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with our acquisitions and growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions and other investments. Our trading and clearing revenues are reported on a net basis and consist of fees collected from our derivatives trading and clearing, and from our cash trading and equity options exchanges. Our transaction and clearing revenues will depend upon many factors, including, but not limited to, market conditions, transaction and clearing volume, product mix, pricing, applicable revenue sharing and market making agreements, and new product introductions. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 57% in 2016.