In addition, we rely on networks and information systems and other technology to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, mergers and acquisitions and research and development. We use information systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting and legal and tax requirements. Because information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions or security breaches. These incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations such as system upgrades or by user errors, as well as network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks by common hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations or social-activist organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events. In addition, such incidents could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information. If our information systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments for concentrate or finished products. Misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in violations of data privacy laws and regulations, damage to the reputation and credibility of the company, loss of opportunities to acquire or divest of businesses or brands and loss of ability to commercialize products developed through research and development efforts and, therefore, could have a negative impact on net operating revenues. In order to address risks to our information systems, we continue to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyber insurance and training of company personnel. The company maintains an information risk management program which is supervised by information technology management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee. As part of this program, reports that include analysis of emerging risks as well as the company's plans and strategies to address them are regularly prepared and presented to senior management and the audit committee of the board of directors. Our productivity and reinvestment program is focused on global supply chain optimization, global marketing and innovation effectiveness, operating expense leverage and operational excellence, data and information technology systems standardization, and the integration of bottling operations. The company expects that the expanded productivity initiatives will generate an incremental $2 billion in annualized productivity. This productivity will enable the company to fund marketing initiatives and innovation required to deliver sustainable net revenue growth and will also support margin expansion and increased returns on invested capital over time. We are committed to continuing to innovate and are dedicated to leveraging our information technology capabilities to enhance our operational effectiveness, improve our marketing strategies, and strengthen our competitive position in the marketplace. Our ability to grow our business in emerging and developing markets depends on our ability to work with local bottlers to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities, distribution networks, sales equipment and technology. The company is also focused on ensuring that our customers have the right product and package offerings and the right promotional tools to deliver enhanced value to themselves and the company.