We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our management information systems are critical to providing an omni-channel experience for our customers, and we continually make investments in these systems which may introduce disruption. We may be unable to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, and changing demographics. The failure to protect sensitive customer, employee, vendor, or company information could adversely affect our business and reputation. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to adequately anticipate or prevent a breach in our systems that results in the unauthorized release of sensitive data. Our reliance on third-party service providers for technology solutions is also critical, and any failure to manage these relationships could negatively impact our business. We must comply with various laws and regulations that differ substantially in each area where we operate, and changes in these laws could adversely affect our business. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate IT and other systems successfully. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. We are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs and expose us to fraud. Our customer-facing technology systems are increasingly important to our omni-channel sales and marketing strategy, and the failure of those systems to perform effectively could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Our ability to effectively manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers of brand name products is critical, and the inability to do so could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. The significant expansion in the use of social media has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity that could be generated by adverse incidents. Our strategic initiatives require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. If we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, our results of operations could be adversely affected.