We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. Our information technology systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses and other malware, ransomware and other types of security breaches. The breadth and complexity of our infrastructure continues to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile technologies, cloud services, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet, which increases the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks. We may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems, and should an attacker gain access to our network using compromised credentials of an authorized user, we are at risk that the attacker might successfully leverage that access to compromise additional systems and data. The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have a history of making acquisitions and investments, and the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. We may not adequately identify weaknesses in the target's information systems, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyber-attack. Our policies, procedures and technical safeguards may be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information by employees, vendors or other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, and our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the sophistication and quality of our services and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. We must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. The effort to gain technological expertise and develop new technologies in our business requires us to incur significant expenses, and we may not make sufficient investments necessary to realize these goals. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in technology systems and infrastructure to support our growth strategy. If we do not keep up with technological changes or execute well on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. We rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. A failure by the third parties to comply with service level agreements, or regulatory or legal requirements in a high-quality and timely manner, could result in economic and reputational harm to us. Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to effectively apply technology in driving value for our clients. We depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives, and if these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected.