Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries rely on information systems to help manage business processes, collect and interpret business data, comply with regulatory, financial reporting and tax requirements, engage in marketing and e-commerce activities, collect and store sensitive data and confidential information, and communicate internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers and others. The failure of Altria Group, Inc.'s information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyberattacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, reputational harm and significant costs. Altria Group, Inc. has implemented administrative, technical and physical safeguards, including testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, intended to protect its systems and data. However, because the techniques used in cyberattacks and security breaches change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, it may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. To date, interruptions of Altria Group, Inc.'s information systems have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on its operations. Unfavorable outcomes of any governmental investigations could materially affect the businesses of Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries are subject to governmental investigations on a range of matters, and it cannot predict whether new investigations may be commenced or the outcome of such investigations. Significant federal, state and local governmental actions, including actions by the FDA, and various private sector actions may continue to have an adverse impact on its tobacco subsidiaries' businesses and sales volumes. The implementation of the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act (FSPTCA) began in 2009 for cigarettes, cigarette tobacco and smokeless tobacco products and in August 2016 for other tobacco products and will continue over time. The provisions of the FSPTCA that require the FDA to take action through rulemaking generally involve consideration of public comment and, for some issues, scientific review. Altria Group, Inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries participate actively in processes established by the FDA to develop and implement the FSPTCA's regulatory framework, including submission of comments to various FDA proposals and participation in public hearings and engagement sessions. The regulatory framework established by the FSPTCA may impact enforcement efforts by states, territories and localities of the United States of their laws and regulations as well as of the state settlement agreements. The failure to comply with FDA regulatory requirements, even inadvertently, and FDA enforcement actions could also have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of Altria Group, Inc. and its tobacco subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc. believes it has adequate liquidity and access to financial resources to meet its anticipated obligations and ongoing business needs in the foreseeable future. The company continues to monitor the credit quality of its bank group and is not aware of any potential non-performing credit provider in that group. Altria Group, Inc. believes the lenders in its bank group will be willing and able to advance funds in accordance with their legal obligations.