Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. The increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks, as a growing part of our business involves cloud-based services available across the spectrum of computing devices. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies, which must continue to evolve with the changing environment. The company's increasing reliance on data-driven insights is becoming more important to the success of key opportunities in monetization, customer perceptions of quality, and operational efficiency. We must ensure our cloud-based services meet the reliability expectations of our customers and maintain the security of their data, as the security of our products and services is important in our customers' purchasing decisions. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow as a productivity and platform company for the mobile-first and cloud-first world, which requires maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on a growing array of computing devices. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, applications, and services, which necessitates successfully enlisting developers to write applications for our marketplace and ensuring that these applications have high quality, customer appeal, and value. The competitive pressures described may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, potentially leading to lower revenue, gross margins, and operating income. Our investments in new products and services may not achieve expected returns, and the launch of Windows 10 constitutes the most ambitious update effort we have ever undertaken, with extensive preparation and compatibility testing to ensure a positive experience for our users. However, if users have a negative upgrade experience, it may harm the reception of Windows 10 in the marketplace. We expect to continue making significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products, services, and technologies, including the Windows operating system, Microsoft Office system, and cloud-based offerings. The success of these transactions and arrangements will depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. However, our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge. Cyber threats can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our internal networks and systems and those of our partners and customers, and breaches of our network or data security could disrupt the security of our internal systems and business applications. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. The costs associated with these steps could reduce our operating margins, and if we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services could harm our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases.