Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If we do not grow as expected, given that our content costs are largely fixed in nature and contracted over several years, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity, and results of operation may be adversely impacted. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party web hosting provider. We also utilize third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. We have architected our software and computer systems to utilize data processing, storage capabilities, and other services provided by Amazon Web Services. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers, and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict, or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. We face potential liability for negligence, copyright, and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license, and/or distribute. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members who have a number of choices from which to obtain entertainment video. If we are unable to maintain or, in newer markets, establish a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing, and distribution of original programming, including TV series and movies. Our ability to manage change and growth, including improving, refining, or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, is crucial for our business success.