We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our Oracle cloud strategy, including our Oracle software as a service (SaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), infrastructure as a service (IaaS), and data as a service (DaaS) offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premise enterprise software offerings and our cloud offerings. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed, and our revenues and profitability could decline. We have also acquired a number of cloud computing companies, and the integration of these companies into our Oracle cloud strategy may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated, which could adversely affect our ability to fully realize the benefits anticipated from these acquisitions. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud and on-premise software and hardware products and services, including our database multitenant, database in-memory, SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, DaaS, and Oracle engineered systems offerings. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release these or other new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames. There are changes in information technology (IT) trends that we do not adequately anticipate or address with our product development efforts. If our security measures for our products and services are compromised, our products and services may be perceived as vulnerable, our brand and reputation could be damaged, and customers may stop using our products and services, all of which could reduce our revenue and earnings. We have invested a great deal of time and resources in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the internal and external data that we manage. We also face intense competition in all aspects of our business, and the nature of the IT industry creates a competitive landscape that is constantly evolving. Our hardware business competes with various systems manufacturers and resellers, and we may not achieve our estimated revenue, profit, or other financial projections with respect to our hardware business in a timely manner or at all due to demand for competing hardware technologies. Our cloud and on-premise software business is comprised of cloud software and on-premise software, cloud IaaS, and software license updates and product support. Our cloud software and on-premise software segment engages in the sale, marketing, and delivery of our cloud software offerings, including our cloud SaaS and PaaS offerings, and the licensing of our software for on-premise IT environments. We believe that our acquisitions enhance the products and services that we can offer to customers, expand our customer base, and provide greater scale to accelerate innovation, grow our revenues and earnings, and increase stockholder value.