We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. We also have outsourced significant elements of our operations to third parties, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result, we are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may have access to our confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. We have invested in the protection of data and information technology; however, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. Any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. We continue to pursue a multi-year initiative to outsource some transaction-processing activities within certain accounting processes and are migrating to a consistent enterprise resource planning system across the organization. These are enhancements of ongoing activities to support the growth of our financial shared service capabilities and standardize our financial systems. If any difficulties in the migration to or in the operation of our enterprise resource planning system were to occur, they could adversely affect our operations, including through a failure to meet demand for our products, or adversely affect our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in research and development for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. Additionally, our research and development investment plans and resources may not be correctly matched between science and markets, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic segments, product classes, geographic markets, and/or in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. The ability to launch a generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical product at or before anticipated market formation is important to that product's profitability. Prices for products typically decline following generic market formation, and as additional companies receive approvals to market that product, competition intensifies. Our success will depend on our ability to bring new products to market quickly. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory or other obligations could delay or prevent the development, approval or commercialization of our products and product candidates and could also result in non-compliance or reputational harm. We note that our IT capabilities have become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force, representing the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, and management skills to further organizational goals.