Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our business. These risks include our increasing reliance on third-party systems, the development of new modes of communication, changing insurance shopping trends, and the availability of very large volumes of data and the challenges relating to analyzing those data sets. Complexity may create barriers to innovation or the provision of high-quality products and customer and agent experiences, may require us to modify our business practices, to adopt new systems, or to upgrade or replace outdated systems, each at significant expense, and may lead to increased difficulty in executing our business strategies. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex computer systems to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. All of these systems are subject to cyber attacks by sophisticated third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities, and to unauthorized or illegitimate actions by employees, consultants, agents, and other persons with legitimate access to our systems. Such attacks or actions may include attempts to steal, corrupt, or destroy data, disrupt or shut down our systems, deny customers, agents, brokers, or others access to our systems, or infect our systems with viruses or malware. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information, including internal processes and technological defenses designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in preventing attacks or detecting and stopping them once they have begun. Our business could be significantly damaged by a security breach, data loss or corruption, or cyber attack. In addition to the potentially high costs of investigating and stopping such an event and implementing necessary fixes, we could incur substantial liability if confidential customer or employee information is stolen. Our success depends on our ability to establish accurate loss reserves, which represent our best estimate as of the date of the financial statements of the amounts that our insurance subsidiaries ultimately will pay on claims that have been incurred, and the related costs of adjusting those claims. The accuracy and timeliness of our estimates of loss and loss adjustment expenses as determined for different categories of claims are critical to our operational efficiency. Our insurance subsidiaries' ability to implement business plans and remain competitive while complying with laws and regulations is critical to our success. The actual or alleged failure to comply with this complex variety of laws and regulations could lead to significant monetary payments, fines and penalties, adverse publicity, and damage to our reputation in the marketplace. Furthermore, our ability to attract, develop, and retain talented employees, managers, and executives with strong technological, analytical, and other skills is critical to our success, as is our ability to maintain and improve the staffing effectiveness and culture that we have developed over the years.