Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures, and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal and hosted information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from various sources, including cyber security attacks, which could result in a material disruption to our business. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our security measures. We depend on the deep industry knowledge and efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, and the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business. Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent all errors or misstatements. Deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting could result in misstatements or restatements of our financial statements. We believe the quality and scale of our global operating portfolio, the expertise of our team, and the strength of our balance sheet provide us with unique competitive advantages. We expect market rents to continue to grow, driven by demand for the location and quality of our properties. We estimate that our leases are more than 10% below market, which translates into increased future earnings and cash flow. We have invested in a variety of technologies that have allowed us to achieve efficiencies and increase our investments in real estate with minimal increases to general and administrative expenses. We will continue to leverage these technologies to further streamline our operations and reduce our costs. Our owned and managed portfolio includes operating properties and does not include properties under development or held for sale. We evaluate our business operations based on the net operating income of our business segments, which helps management and investors understand the core operations of our business. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, and proceeds from the disposition of properties is considered adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs from various sources, including fees earned for services performed on behalf of co-investment ventures, distributions received from these ventures, and proceeds from the disposition of properties. We have formed publicly traded investment vehicles for which we serve as sponsor or manager, and we may continue to contribute assets into such vehicles. We are exposed to various environmental risks, including potential impacts of future climate change, which may result in unanticipated losses that could affect our business and financial condition. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in co-investment ventures, and we may develop and acquire properties through these ventures when warranted. Our operating performance is impacted by economic conditions, local, regional, national, and international economic conditions, and other events that affect the markets in which we own properties.