Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by attacks on information technology infrastructure and other cyber-based and business disruptions. Cyber-based risks, in particular, are evolving and include attacks on our IT infrastructure and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential or other proprietary information. Such attacks could result in disruptions to systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. We have experienced cyber-based attacks and may continue to experience them going forward, potentially with more frequency. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from these potential attacks. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature, and scope of such attacks or other disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, and other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers. We design, manufacture, and service products that incorporate advanced technologies; the introduction of new products and technologies involves risks and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on various factors, including execution of internal and external performance plans, availability of supplier and internally-produced parts and materials, and performance of suppliers and subcontractors. Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis, and we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services and deliver the products required by the contract. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. We may face customer-directed cost reduction targets that could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our contracts. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that our competitors will not develop competing technologies which gain market acceptance in advance of or instead of our products. Our business may be affected by government contracting risks, including the risk of reduced margins or losses if we are unable to achieve estimated costs and revenues. Our international operations subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency fluctuations, economic conditions, and changes in local government regulation. We depend on our intellectual property and have access to certain intellectual property and information of our customers and suppliers; infringement or failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our future growth and success. Our efforts to protect intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, information technology security systems, internal controls, and compliance systems to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Any of these events or factors could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, subject us to judgments, penalties, and significant litigation costs, or disrupt our sales and marketing of the affected products or services. Our financial performance is dependent on the conditions of the construction and aerospace industries, and our results are influenced by external factors including fluctuations in construction activity, regulatory changes, and global credit market conditions. Our reliance on suppliers and commodity markets exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of materials, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions and may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with our current operations, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.