The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. There are many risks that could affect these operations and performance of corporate functions, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements, fuel or material supply interruptions, transmission disruption or capacity constraints, compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cyber security standards, implementation of new technologies, and information technology system failure. The traditional electric operating companies, Southern Power, and Southern Company Gas face the risk of physical and cyber attacks against their respective generation and storage facilities, the transmission and distribution infrastructure, and their information technology systems and network infrastructure, which could negatively impact their ability to generate, transport, and deliver power or operate their facilities efficiently. The traditional electric operating companies, Southern Power, and Southern Company Gas operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected distribution systems. Despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to failures or unauthorized access due to human error, natural disasters, technological failure, or internal or external physical or cyber attacks. If the assets were to fail or be breached and not recovered in a timely way, the companies may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, and sensitive data could be compromised. The Southern Company system may not be able to obtain adequate natural gas and other fuel supplies required to operate the traditional electric operating companies' and Southern Power's electric generating plants or serve Southern Company Gas' natural gas customers. The financial condition, net income, and cash flows of Southern Company, the traditional electric operating companies, and Southern Power could be adversely affected by changes in regulations related to transmission planning processes and competition in the wholesale electric markets. The traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power could be subject to higher costs as a result of implementing and maintaining compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including cyber security standards. The operational risks include the potential for information technology system failure, which could adversely impact the financial condition of the affected companies. The Southern Company system's costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant, and compliance with these environmental requirements requires the traditional electric operating companies, Southern Power, and Southern Company Gas to commit significant expenditures, including installation and operation of pollution control equipment and environmental monitoring. The ultimate financial and operational impact of regulatory changes, including those related to climate change legislation and regulation, is uncertain and will depend upon numerous factors, including the Southern Company system's ongoing review of the final rules and the outcome of legal challenges. The traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power may also face challenges in attracting and retaining an appropriately qualified workforce, which could negatively impact their results of operations. The businesses of Southern Company and its subsidiaries require substantial capital expenditures for investments in new facilities and improvements to existing facilities, and the completion of these projects without delays or significant cost overruns is subject to substantial risks. Changes in technology may make the Southern Company system's electric generating facilities less competitive, and advances in technology or changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing power.