The following factors could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: changes in available technology and the effects of such changes, including product substitutions and deployment costs; our ability to develop attractive and profitable product/service offerings to offset increasing competition; the ability of our competitors to offer product/service offerings at lower prices due to lower cost structures and regulatory and legislative actions adverse to us; changes in our corporate strategies, such as changing network-related requirements or acquisitions and dispositions, which may require significant amounts of cash or stock, to respond to competition and regulatory, legislative and technological developments; and our ability to adequately fund our wireless operations, including payment for additional spectrum, network upgrades and technological advancements. The uncertainty surrounding further congressional action to address spending reductions may result in a significant decrease in government spending and reluctance of businesses and consumers to spend in general. Our ability to absorb revenue losses caused by increasing competition, including offerings that use alternative technologies or delivery methods, and our ability to maintain capital expenditures are critical to our operational flexibility. Our ability to manage growth in wireless video and data services, including network quality and acquisition of adequate spectrum at reasonable costs and terms, is essential for maintaining competitive advantage. The impact from major equipment failures on our networks, including security breaches related to the network or customer information, could significantly affect our operational efficiency. Our ability to integrate our acquisition of DirectTV and our ability to close our pending acquisition of Time Warner Inc. and successfully integrate its operations are vital for enhancing our IT capabilities and overall firm performance. The final outcome of FCC and other federal, state or foreign government agency proceedings involving issues that are important to our business, including the transition from legacy technologies to IP-based infrastructure, is critical for our technology deployment and strategic resource allocation. The continued development and delivery of attractive and profitable video offerings through satellite and IP-based networks depend on the availability, cost and/or reliability of the various technologies and/or content required to provide such offerings. Our ability to maintain margins and attract and offer a diverse portfolio of wireless service and devices is influenced by the availability and cost of additional wireless spectrum and regulations and conditions relating to spectrum use. The uncertainty and impact of anticipated regulatory and corporate tax reform may affect the overall economy and incentives for business investments, which are crucial for our strategic management practices and investment decisions. Overall, our IT capabilities and the effective mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities are essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force and achieving business value.