We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. In particular, our volume production of multiple vehicles necessitates continued development, maintenance, and improvement of our information technology systems in the United States and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax, and regulatory compliance systems. The implementation, maintenance, and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support, and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain, and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies, or manufacture, sell, deliver, and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We also maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against system security risks, data breaches, and cyber-attacks. We cannot be sure that these systems or their required functionality will be effectively implemented, maintained, or expanded as planned. If we do not successfully implement, maintain, or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Moreover, our proprietary information could be compromised and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions. We expect to continue to invest heavily in capital expenditures, including expenditures for the tooling, production equipment, and construction of the Model 3 production lines, equipment to support cell production at Gigafactory 1, as well as new retail locations, service centers, and supercharger locations. Our capital expenditure needs include investments in manufacturing equipment and tooling, the continued construction of our Gigafactory, and our stores, service centers, and supercharger network infrastructure. We are developing Gigafactory 1 as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules, and battery packs in one location for both vehicles and energy storage products. We continue to invest in construction of the building at Gigafactory and in production equipment for battery, module, and pack production. Our future growth and success is dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles, especially in the mass market demographic which we are targeting with Model 3. Our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. We expect to generate additional liquidity through the sale of solar energy systems to customers and financing funds created to monetize the cash flows, tax attributes, and other incentives generated by solar energy systems deployed under operating leases or power purchase agreements. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.