Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems. Breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems could be caused by computer viruses, system failures, unauthorized access, sabotage, vandalism or terrorism. These events could compromise our information technology networks; result in lost data or the unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations; result in the release of employee personal data; or cause us to incur increased information technology protection costs, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. We face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products. We make significant investments in research and development to develop new technologies and products to meet changing customer demands, and we might not realize a return on our investments because they are generally made before commercial viability can be assured. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Additionally, the loss or significant curtailment of purchases by one or more of our large customers, including curtailments due to a change in the design or manufacturing sourcing policies or practices of these customers, or the timing of customer or distributor inventory adjustments, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate, including the United States. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, data privacy and protection; and compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. We may not realize the expected benefits of an acquisition if we are unable to timely and successfully integrate acquired operations, product lines and technology, and our pre-acquisition due diligence may not identify all possible issues and risks that might arise with respect to an acquisition. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations. If our suppliers are unable to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity, we may be unable to obtain needed supplies, collect accounts receivable or access needed technology. Our operations could be affected by breaches of our suppliers' information technology systems.