The global payments industry is undergoing significant and rapid technological change, including mobile and other proximity payment and acceptance technologies, ecommerce, tokenization, crypto-currency, distributed ledger and blockchain technologies, which necessitate that we anticipate, adapt to, or keep pace with new technologies to avoid harming our business and impacting future growth. Innovations in payment technology have enabled us to expand into new products and services, while also expanding the potential scope of regulatory influence. Our advanced transaction processing network facilitates authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions, enabling us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. As technology evolves, new competitors emerge, and existing clients and competitors assume different roles, we face intense competition in our industry, which is further complicated by the emergence of alternative payment networks or products that could disintermediate us from transaction processing or the value-added services we provide. Our products compete with cash, checks, electronic funds, virtual currency payments, global or multi-regional networks, other closed-loop payments systems, and alternative payment providers primarily focused on enabling payments through ecommerce and mobile channels. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could reduce the number of Visa products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, and our revenue; negatively impact our brands and our competitive positioning; and limit the types of products and services that we offer. We are also subject to complex and evolving global regulations that could harm our business and financial results, which may limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules or require us to adopt new rules or change existing rules, and it may increase our compliance costs and reduce our revenue opportunities. Our relationships with financial institution clients, acquirers, merchants, and other third parties are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple parties, and our success will increasingly depend on our ability to engage in discussions to sustain and grow these relationships. Furthermore, we depend on third parties, including suppliers and our financial institution clients, to provide various services associated with our payments network on our behalf. The failure to maintain interoperability with Visa Europe's systems during the integration phase of our acquisition could damage our business and global perception of our brands, as we must ensure that our systems can process every transaction involving both territories. Our management of liquidity includes evaluating cash requirements for current operations, commitments, development activities, and capital expenditures, which is critical to maintaining operational flexibility. We believe that our projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity needs for more than the next 12 months. We also expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives, which are vital for maintaining competitive advantage and operational efficiency in the rapidly evolving payments landscape.