We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems makes such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters, floods, or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and subject us to both private and governmental causes of action. While we have implemented security measures in an attempt to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with a disruption to our information technology systems, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may seek additional collaborative arrangements or external funding for certain of our development programs and/or seek to expand existing collaborations to cover additional commercialization and/or development activities. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers and suppliers could subject us to significant supply disruptions outside of our control. We rely on third parties to conduct certain pre-clinical work and clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet established deadlines for the completion of such studies and/or trials or failing to satisfy regulatory requirements. Our ability to enroll patients in our clinical trials in sufficient numbers and on a timely basis is subject to a number of factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the protocol, and the proximity of patients to clinical sites. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. We have also entered into third-party collaborations pursuant to which we are engaged in the discovery and development of nucleic acid-based therapies for a variety of diseases. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We expect to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations, and we have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. Our products depend, to a large degree, on the extent to which they are covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance, and managed health care organizations. We are subject to data privacy and protection laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage, and use of proprietary information and personally-identifying information. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical, as our drug discovery and development activities are highly technical in nature. If we fail to attract and retain skilled employees, our business could be materially harmed.