We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs, and our online operations. Disruptions in both our primary and secondary systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. We are pursuing complex initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe our change management process will mitigate this risk. If we fail to integrate our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. If the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our e-commerce business globally, could be materially adversely affected. Our e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, may be subject to cyber-attacks. Those attacks could involve attempts to gain access to the website or mobile commerce application to obtain and make unauthorized use of customers' or members' payment information. If we are unable to maintain the security of our retail commerce websites and mobile commerce applications and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in traffic, reputational damage, and deterioration of our competitive position. We have in place substantial security measures to protect, and to prevent unauthorized access to, our information systems and the information stored on such systems. We constantly monitor developments in cyber threats, evaluate the effectiveness of our information security measures, and change such measures or implement new and additional security measures from time to time to address new and different risks to the security of such information. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. Even though we comply with various industry data protection standards and protocols, we cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able to prevent, contain, or detect any cyber-attacks or security breaches. Our investments in e-commerce, technology, store remodels, and other customer initiatives may not adequately or effectively allow us to grow our e-commerce business, increase comparable store sales, maintain or grow our overall market position, or otherwise offset the impact on the growth of our business of a moderated pace of new store and club openings. The success of our strategy will depend in large measure on our ability to build and deliver a seamless shopping experience across the physical and digital retail channels. Any failure on our part to provide attractive, user-friendly secure e-commerce platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices could place us at a competitive disadvantage and have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.