ExxonMobil's results depend on management's ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, and petrochemical operations, to control effectively business activities, and to minimize the potential for human error. The company applies rigorous management systems and continuous focus to workplace safety and to avoiding spills or other adverse environmental events. The ability to manage expenses and improve production yields on an ongoing basis is an important component of competitive performance, which requires continuous management focus, including technology improvements and productivity enhancements. The success of ExxonMobil's upstream, downstream, and chemical businesses depends on complex, long-term, capital-intensive projects that require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize efficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of major projects include the ability to model and optimize reservoir performance, manage changes in operating conditions and costs, and respond effectively to unforeseen technical difficulties. Technological change can alter the relative costs for competitors to find, produce, and refine oil and gas and to manufacture petrochemicals. The company's research and development organizations must be successful and able to adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. ExxonMobil is conducting research both in-house and by collaborating with leading universities to develop advanced technologies. The future results may depend on the success of these research efforts and the ability to adapt and apply the strengths of the current business model to providing energy products in a cost-competitive manner. The company also faces risks from cybersecurity breaches, which could adversely affect business systems, proprietary information, and operations. Preparedness for disruptions caused by severe weather events, natural disasters, and human error is critical, as facilities are designed to withstand extreme conditions. The effectiveness of robust facility engineering, disaster preparedness, and business continuity planning is essential for mitigating adverse impacts. The management effectiveness in navigating external economic and political factors will impact performance relative to competition. The ability to identify promising resource prospects and apply project management expertise is crucial for maintaining and growing oil and gas production. Continuous improvement in operational efficiency, including technology improvements and regular reappraisal of the asset portfolio, is necessary for competitive performance. The company’s management systems and controls must function as intended to avoid substantial liabilities and other adverse impacts.