Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats or vulnerabilities and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. A significant attack or other disruption could result in adverse consequences, including increased costs and expenses, manufacturing challenges or disruption, problems with product functionality, damage to customer relations, reputational damage, lost revenue, and legal or regulatory penalties. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies, committing substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development. A risk of failure is inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies, and Abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. Problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials or the global supply chain, cyber attacks, natural disasters, and environmental factors. If Abbott or one of its suppliers encounters significant manufacturing problems, this could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues and profitability. Abbott's consolidated indebtedness could have the effect of reducing Abbott's flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, and reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on various factors, including Abbott's financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond Abbott's control. Abbott is subject to numerous governmental regulations, and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes. Delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals for future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues, and substantial additional costs. Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect Abbott's business, including changes in regulatory requirements, legislative or administrative reforms to existing reimbursement programs, and adverse decisions relating to Abbott's products' coverage or reimbursement. Abbott's industry is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse. The expiration or loss of intellectual property protection and licenses may affect Abbott's future revenues and operating income. Abbott is subject to risks related to public health crises, such as widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases like the COVID-19 pandemic, which may negatively impact Abbott's operations. Health concerns and significant changes in political or economic conditions caused by such outbreaks can cause significant reductions in demand for certain products, increased difficulty in serving customers, disrupt manufacturing and supply chains, and negatively affect Abbott's operations as well as the operations of its suppliers, distributors, and other third-party partners. Throughout the pandemic, Abbott has continued to ensure that its operations throughout the world are aligned with the specific governmental orders and guidelines affecting each location, taking aggressive steps to limit exposure to COVID-19 and enhance the safety of facilities for its employees. Abbott is continually monitoring the effects of the pandemic on its operations and has taken actions to offset some of the inflationary pressures in its supply chain. Significant disruptions or shortages may result in Abbott's inability to meet customer demand for certain of its products.