The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. The global macroeconomic effects of the pandemic may persist for an indefinite period, including in specific regions of the world or sectors of the economy, even after the pandemic has subsided. The pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, including implementing prolonged closures and limited reopenings of certain offices and restricting employee travel. The reopening of our offices has created additional risks and operational challenges and may require us to make additional investments in the design, implementation, and enforcement of new workplace health and safety protocols. Furthermore, additional governmental restrictions, new regulations, or other changing conditions could cause us to temporarily re-close certain offices. We have offered, and plan to continue to offer, a significant percentage of our employees flexibility in the amount of time they work in an office, which may adversely impact the productivity of certain employees and harm our business. The conditions caused by the pandemic have affected the rate of IT spending and may in the future adversely affect our customers' ability or willingness to purchase our offerings. We have seen and may continue to see these conditions delay prospective customers' purchasing decisions, adversely impact our ability to provide on-site consulting services to our customers, result in extended payment terms, reduce the value or duration of their subscription contracts, or affect attrition rates, all of which could adversely affect our future sales, operating results, and overall financial performance. Our operations have also been negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be harmed. Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, new industry standards, evolving distribution models, and disruptive technology developments. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer expectations and needs, and anticipate emerging standards and business models. The introduction of new technology could harm our business and results of operations. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments, or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that a critical contributor to our success to date has been our corporate culture, which we have built to foster innovation, teamwork, and employee satisfaction. As we grow, including from the integration of employees and businesses acquired, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel essential to our future success. Our corporate headquarters and critical operations are located in areas vulnerable to catastrophic events, which could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations. Climate-related events have the potential to disrupt our business and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses, and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. Uncertainty about current and future economic conditions and other adverse changes could adversely affect our operating results. If economic growth in countries where we do business slows, customers may delay or reduce technology purchases, which could result in reductions in sales of our products and services.