The pandemic caused by the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the numerous measures implemented by government authorities in response have impacted and likely will continue to impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices by, among other things, restricting employee travel, modifying employee work locations, and canceling physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences. While we are confident that our strategy and long-term contingency planning have positioned us well to weather the current uncertainty, we cannot at this time fully quantify or forecast the impact of COVID-19 on our business. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including the continued duration and severity of the pandemic, the spread of more contagious variants of the virus, the adoption rate of vaccines, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, or how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. The combined company must achieve the anticipated growth and cost savings without adversely affecting current revenues and investments in future growth. The success of the merger will depend on, among other things, the ability of the two companies to combine their businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and realizes expected cost savings. Management must devote attention and resources to integrating the combined company's business practices and operations. Potential difficulties the combined company may encounter as the integration process continues include lost sales and customers as a result of certain of our and/or Maxim's customers deciding not to do business with the combined company, or deciding to decrease their amount of business in order to reduce their reliance on a single company. The combined company may encounter difficulties in integrating our and Maxim's businesses and realizing the anticipated benefits of the merger. A prolonged disruption of our internal manufacturing operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on third parties for supply of raw materials and parts, semiconductor wafer foundry services, assembly and test services, and transportation, among other things, and we generally cannot control their availability or conditions of supply or services. We are exposed to business, economic, political, legal, regulatory, and other risks through our significant worldwide operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The semiconductor market has historically been cyclical and subject to significant economic upturns and downturns. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce, and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. We expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. Our growth is also dependent on our ability to identify and penetrate new markets where we have limited experience yet require significant investments, resources, and technological advancements in order to compete effectively. The actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of the integration plan may not be realized. If we are unable to adequately address integration challenges, we may be unable to successfully integrate their operations or realize the anticipated benefits of the integration of the two companies.