A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of communications service providers or increased use of network sharing among governments or communications service providers. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could materially and adversely affect our customers through disruptions of their ability to procure equipment through their supply chains and their ability to maintain liquidity and deploy network capital, with potential decreases in consumer spending contributing to liquidity risks. Such financial difficulties could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment of our deferred rent asset, tower asset, network location intangible asset, tenant-related intangible asset or goodwill. We depend on the continued financial strength of our customers, many of whom operate with substantial levels of debt. Our international operations expose us to potential adverse financial and operational problems, including changes in laws, regulations, and economic conditions that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position. We have taken a variety of measures to ensure the continued availability of our communications infrastructure assets while ensuring the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors, and surrounding communities. These measures include providing support for our customers remotely and supporting continued work-from-home arrangements. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, which is influenced by the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital. We expect that our churn rate may remain elevated as our tenants evaluate how best to comply with recent court rulings and determine their obligations under payment plans. Our platform expansion initiatives may not be successful, or we may be required to record impairment charges for our goodwill or for other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our data centers and ensure our data centers remain operational at all times. Problems at one or more of our data centers could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure or equipment damage, which could impair our ability to obtain and retain customers. Our revenues earned from our international operations are primarily denominated in their respective local currencies, and a weakening of these foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar would negatively impact our reported revenues, operating profits, and income. We face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from the impacts of COVID-19 on the global economy and markets. Our towers, fiber networks, data centers, or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing our cybersecurity and information security systems; however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. Our industry is highly competitive, and our customers have numerous alternatives in leasing communications infrastructure assets, which could materially and adversely affect our lease rates. The emergence and growth of new technologies could reduce demand for our sites, and our customers may be subject to new regulatory policies that materially and adversely affect the demand for our communications infrastructure assets.