The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. The global economic climate and additional or unforeseen circumstances, developments, or events may give rise to or amplify many of the risks discussed. Our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors across geographies and industries. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and/or greater brand recognition. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional risks, and we may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with various laws. The variability in our retail business places increased strain on our operations, and demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including unforeseeable events such as natural or human-caused disasters. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts could significantly affect our revenue and future growth. We may experience system interruptions that make our websites unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we offer or sell. We are impacted by fraudulent or unlawful activities of sellers, and when our policies and processes fail to operate sufficiently, it can harm our business or damage our reputation. We face risks related to adequately protecting our intellectual property rights and being accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology, and any breach could subject us to claims. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond. Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted due to events such as natural or human-caused disasters. The loss of key senior management personnel or the failure to hire and retain highly skilled personnel could negatively affect our business. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers, and performance problems experienced by these companies could negatively impact our operating results. Our commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships expose us to risks, including disruption of our ongoing business and variability in revenue and income. Our business suffers when we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining acquisitions and investments. We face significant inventory risk that may adversely affect our operating results, and we endeavor to accurately predict trends to avoid overstocking or understocking products. We are subject to various procurement regulations and requirements related to our contracts with government entities, and violations could result in civil and criminal penalties. The ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken in response to them had varying effects on our results of operations, and we expect these factors to continue to influence our operations.