The COVID-19 pandemic has led to manufacturing disruptions, supply chain shortages, and unpredictable product demand and supply, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Our contract manufacturers have experienced workforce disruptions, delays, and increased costs for production, transit, and import and export of products due to government-imposed restrictions. We have increased our purchase commitments to address supply chain shortages and extended lead times, resulting in significant increases to our purchase commitments and component buffer inventories. The pandemic has caused us to extend our demand planning horizon, which has increased the risk of future excess and obsolete inventory, negatively impacting our gross margins. Our ability to supply products to our customers on a timely basis has been negatively impacted by these disruptions. We are actively monitoring the situation and have prioritized the protection of our employees, limiting access to facilities and imposing travel restrictions. The global economic downturn caused by the pandemic may also affect demand for our products and services, and we are unable to predict the full impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications, which could be adversely affected by weak economic conditions, fear or anticipation of such conditions, and reduced spending on information technology and network infrastructure. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and industry consolidation may lead to further increased competition, which may harm our business. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide better solutions than our competitors at a more competitive price. The markets for cloud networking solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology, changing end-customer needs, evolving industry standards, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers exposes us to risks associated with manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping end-customer orders on time. We have increased our purchase commitments to support long-term customer demand, but there is no guarantee that suppliers will meet their commitments or that actual customer demand will directly match our demand forecasts. Our ability to manage our supply chain may also be adversely affected by geopolitical conditions, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and trade tensions. The uncertainty surrounding these factors could lead to significant fluctuations in our financial and operational results.