The risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Business and economic conditions are a major driver of our results of operations, and difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, have had a material adverse effect on our business. The pandemic has had widespread, rapidly evolving, and unpredictable impacts on global society, economies, financial markets, and consumer and business spending. The extent to which our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by the continuing impacts of the pandemic will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments that we are not able to predict. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical conditions, weather, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events. Geopolitical conditions, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather, widespread health emergencies or pandemics, information or cyber security incidents, and other catastrophic events can have a material adverse effect on our business. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the economic environment generally can be sudden and severe and can impact customer types and geographies in which we operate in very different ways. We face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our success is, in many ways, dependent on the success of our partners. We rely on our business partners across many aspects of our company, and our arrangements with business partners represent a significant portion of our business. We are exposed to risks associated with our business partners, including reputational issues, business slowdowns, bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, and consolidations, and the possible obligation to make payments to our partners. Our ability to effectively manage these triggering events could have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We consider operational risk to be the risk of loss due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or impacts from the external environment. Operational risk is inherent in all business activities and can impact an organization through direct or indirect financial loss, brand damage, customer dissatisfaction, or legal and regulatory penalties. We monitor the changing macroeconomic environment and manage our balance sheet to reflect evolving circumstances. Our ability to address incidents may depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change. Our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers, may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer or automated transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, computer viruses, vulnerabilities in hardware or software, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. We seek to maintain access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities, and contingent sources of liquidity, such that we can continuously meet our business requirements and expected future financing obligations for at least a twelve-month period in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions.