We face significant risks related to the spread of the COVID-19 virus and developments surrounding the global pandemic, which have had, and will continue to have, significant effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. These risks include materially reduced demand for our products and services, increased instability in our operations and supply chain, and challenges to the ongoing viability of some of our customers. The pandemic has subjected our business to operational challenges, including production site shutdowns, workplace disruptions, and restrictions on the movement of people. We continue to monitor health authorities for new or modified guidance and may be required to impose additional operational restrictions based on these requirements. The COVID-19 pandemic has also had a significant impact on our liquidity and overall debt levels, with expectations of negative operating cash flows until deliveries return to historical levels. We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations and obligations if the pace and scope of recovery are worse than anticipated. The magnitude and duration of the pandemic remain uncertain, and it continues to adversely affect our business and operating results. The airline industry has experienced significant profit swings and constant challenges to be more cost-competitive, with many airlines implementing significant reductions in staffing and capacity. This trend has caused negative impacts on our customers' revenue, earnings, and cash flow, potentially threatening their future viability. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments, including pandemics, which could result in fewer new orders or cancellations across our commercial airplane programs. We have made significant adjustments to our production rates based on ongoing assessments of the demand environment and availability of aircraft financing. Our strategy focuses on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented by Boeing Capital, which facilitates financing solutions for our customers. We are committed to improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts to enhance our ability to compete and position ourselves for market recovery. We expect to continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies due to COVID-19 impacts, while also monitoring the health and stability of our supply chain as we ramp up production. We have taken significant actions to manage and preserve our liquidity, including reducing production rates and implementing changes in our production processes to ensure that newly built airplanes meet specifications. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to fundamental drivers of air travel demand, but we expect a multi-year recovery period for our commercial services business. Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex, and operational issues could result in production delays or failure to meet customer demand, negatively impacting revenues and operating margins. We continue to transform and improve our business processes to enable the company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers.