The COVID-19 pandemic is affecting how we operate our business. We have seen changes in demand for some of our products driven by lower patient starts and visits. However, while the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our revenues, our results of operations have thus far not been significantly impacted. If the negative impact from the COVID-19 pandemic extends beyond our assumed timelines, our results may be worse than expected. The full extent of the impact will depend on future developments such as the ultimate duration and severity of the spread of COVID-19 and any variant strains, the effectiveness and outreach of vaccines, and the pandemic's impact on the U.S. and global economies. We recognize this remains a challenging time for everyone, and we know patients may be facing additional hardships. Our existing patient support programs are available to help eligible patients who have lost employment and health insurance due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our clinical and commercial supply chain teams have proactively used mitigation plans to ensure our products reach our markets, clinical sites, and patients over the past months. Thanks to these efforts, we have not seen any significant disruptions in our clinical or commercial supply chain due to the pandemic. We are committed to protecting our workforce, communities, and patients, and ensuring the continued supply of life-saving medicines. Our manufacturing sites have remained open throughout the pandemic supported by on-site personnel. We have taken a thoughtful and phased approach to bringing the rest of our workforce back to our sites around the world, guided by principles such as serving the needs of our patients and customers and prioritizing health and safety. We are also continuing to employ remote interactions as appropriate to ensure continued support for healthcare professionals, patient care, and access to our medicines across our global markets. The outcome of congressional actions regarding pricing controls and tax regulations remains highly uncertain, which could negatively impact our results of operations, including intangible asset impairment charges, operating cash flow, liquidity, and financial flexibility. We expect that these market access constraints, pharmaceutical pricing controls, and discounting will continue to negatively affect our future revenues and profit margins. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. We are in the process of integrating Celgene and Myokardia, and our ability to successfully integrate these operations could impact our results of operations. If we are unable to support and grow our marketed products, successfully execute the launches of newly approved products, advance our late-stage pipeline, manage change from our operating model evolution, or manage our costs effectively, our operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted. We have achieved approximately $2.6 billion of annualized pre-tax cost savings related to the Celgene acquisition plan and are on track to achieve approximately $3.0 billion through 2022. Our operating model continues to evolve, focusing on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, which will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio.