Significant setbacks in the reopening of the global economy or reinstatement of lockdowns or other restrictions as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may adversely impact our performance and results of operations. The emergence of COVID-19 variants and related surges in cases have contributed to certain setbacks to reopening and could trigger the reinstatement of restrictions, including mandatory business shut-downs and reduced business operations. The longer the pandemic impacts activity levels in the locations and sectors in which we operate, the more likely it is to have a sustained, material impact on the economy and on us. These factors may delay a return to pre-pandemic economic activity or cause major global economies to experience contraction or slower growth. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to cause labor shortages and disrupt global supply chains, contributing to prolonged disruptions. Adverse impacts on our business as a result of the pandemic have included decreased portfolio company revenues and earnings, lack of potential buyers with financial resources to pursue acquisitions, and limited access to equity capital markets. The failure of our investment strategies to adapt to these changes could adversely impact the returns on our investments. The emergence of COVID-19 variants has contributed to periods of increased remote work, which may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks. Our employees' well-being continues to be threatened by COVID-19, impacting morale and potentially exposing us to litigation risks. The extent to which the pandemic will affect our business will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread, and intensity of the pandemic, and how quickly normal economic and operating conditions resume. Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. Difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing our funds' ability to raise or deploy capital and making it more difficult to fund opportunities. In the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses to maintain profitability, which could adversely affect our operating performance. The asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance and the quality of service provided to clients. Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors depends on a number of factors, including the performance of the stock market and the asset allocation rules to which such investors are subject. The lack of realizations from investors' existing portfolios may limit their ability to make new commitments to our investment funds. We are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators and certain investors with respect to the environmental, social, and governance impact of investments made by our funds, which may adversely impact our ability to raise capital and constrain capital deployment opportunities. Our response to COVID-19 has included implementing rigorous protocols for remote work and leveraging technology to ensure our teams remain connected and productive. We have continued to operate across investment, asset management, and corporate support functions, demonstrating operational flexibility and resilience in adapting to the challenges presented by the pandemic. The ongoing changes in market conditions, including inflationary pressures and rising interest rates, could further complicate our operational strategies and impact our performance.