Citi demonstrated continued progress across the franchise during 2021, reflecting an allowance for credit loss release of approximately $8.8 billion as a result of continued improvement in both the macroeconomic environment and portfolio credit quality. Citi continued to invest in its transformation, including infrastructure supporting its risk and control environment, and make business-led investments. Various macroeconomic and other challenges and uncertainties related to the duration and severity of the pandemic-related public health crisis, disruptions of global supply chains, inflationary pressures, increasing interest rates, and geopolitical tensions will continue to create uncertainty around Citi's businesses and results. Citi's 2021 results include the impacts of divestitures of its consumer banking businesses in Asia, which are aligned with the repositioning of its consumer operations to focus on global wealth centers, as well as payments and lending and a targeted retail presence in the U.S. Citi's planned divestitures of its consumer businesses across Mexico, Asia, and EMEA are part of a strategic refresh aimed at enhancing organizational resilience by focusing on core areas of strength and adapting to external pressures. The company reported net income of $22.0 billion, driven by lower cost of credit, partially offset by higher expenses and lower revenues. The effective tax rate was 20%, up modestly from 19% in the prior year. Citigroup's common equity tier 1 capital ratio was 12.2% as of December 31, 2021, reflecting actions to reduce risk-weighted assets and a temporary pause in common share repurchases in preparation for the implementation of the standardized approach for counterparty credit risk. The release of the allowance for credit losses primarily reflected improvements in portfolio credit quality and Citi's improved macroeconomic outlook. Citi's operating expenses increased 9% versus the prior year, reflecting continued investments in transformation, including risk and control environment enhancements. The net credit losses declined significantly, reflecting lower loan volumes and improved delinquencies. Citi's management of the markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of interrelated factors impacting client activity levels and market conditions. The company expects to continue facing challenges related to market volatility and economic conditions, which will require ongoing adaptation and resilience strategies. The establishment of a chief administrative officer organization to centralize program management reflects a commitment to strengthening risk and control environments as a strategic priority. Citi's efforts to address consent orders issued by regulators are part of its broader transformation strategy aimed at enhancing organizational effectiveness and resilience in the face of external disturbances. The company continues to focus on maintaining operational continuity and adapting to complex situations while ensuring effective resource management and strategic response capabilities.