The COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and/or financial condition. The pandemic has caused significant disruptions, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures, impacting our workforce and operations. We continue to develop and modify contingency plans to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet increasing customer demand. To help mitigate supply chain challenges, we have proactively redirected components and altered our assembly processes. Current material and component shortages, logistics constraints, and labor inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit our ability to meet customer demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the company's financial and operational results will be determined by the length of time that the pandemic continues and its effect on the demand for the company's products and services. We monitor a variety of external factors, including the ongoing impact of the pandemic, and have implemented safeguards in our facilities to protect team members in line with local governmental requirements and guidance from health authorities. We expect these challenges to continue as conditions remain fluid and evolve. Our business and the industries we serve are highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions. A prolonged period of economic weakness may result in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges. Economic uncertainties could continue to affect customer demand for the company's products and services. The occurrence of unexpected events, including natural disasters, civil unrest, and pandemics, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, which pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks. The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce, and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. We must develop and sell products that appeal to our dealers, OEMs, and end-user customers, which is dependent on our ability to maintain key dealer relationships and produce products that meet quality, performance, and price expectations. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. Our results and ability to compete may be impacted negatively by changes in our geographic and product mix of sales. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, joint ventures, or divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected. We routinely evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, and joint ventures. In pursuing our business strategy, we conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies. We may incur unanticipated costs or expenses following a completed acquisition, including post-closing asset impairment charges and expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability, and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. We face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations, which could limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments. The potential liabilities related to non-compliance with environmental laws could negatively impact our ability to conduct our operations and our financial condition. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from tax examinations and legal proceedings, which may affect our financial condition and results of operations.