Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic, and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and our failure to maintain compliance with regulations could result in the loss of customers. The trading volumes in our markets are directly affected by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including economic, political, and geopolitical market conditions. Historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with volatility. However, extreme uncertainties may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure and lack of available capital. We believe that our interest rate product line could continue to be negatively impacted by a return to a zero interest rate policy. Our business strategy focuses on maximizing futures and options growth globally, diversifying our business and revenues, and delivering unparalleled customer efficiencies and operational excellence. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our technology, our people, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber-security threats, which could result in interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks and security risks through administrative, physical, and technical safeguards. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber-security risks. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global economy and has disrupted our business and our clients' businesses. The ongoing pandemic has caused significant disruption, including reduced productivity and operating effectiveness as a result of our employees working remotely. The ultimate impact from COVID-19 is unknown and could have an adverse effect on our business. We have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans, and established backup sites to provide operational resiliency. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing, and settlement business. We face intense competition from other companies, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition, and operating results will be materially harmed. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets, which requires us to maintain and expand our product offerings and our customer base. We also depend on third-party suppliers and service providers for a number of services that are important. An interruption or cessation of an important supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our growth strategy may subject us to increased legal, compliance, and regulatory obligations, and we may not be successful in implementing all of the processes necessary to support our growth. We have established a fund to provide payments to qualified participants who suffer losses if their clearing firm becomes insolvent. We are exposed to substantial credit risk of our clearing firms and other counterparties, and a decrease in their financial resources could adversely affect us.