Our business, like others within the oil and gas industry, has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, some of which are managed by third-party service providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information. As cyberattacks have continued to evolve, we have become subject to new government-imposed security requirements to implement specific mitigation measures to protect against ransomware attacks and other known threats to information and operations technology. In response, we must continually expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities detected. Although we have business continuity plans in place, our operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our systems and infrastructure that support our business. While we continue to evolve and modify our business continuity plans, there can be no assurance that they will be completely effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts. A strong balance sheet is a strategic asset that provides flexibility through price cycles. This will reduce interest expense and provide resilience in periods of volatility. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the financial principles that underpin our value proposition; balance sheet strength, peer-leading distributions, disciplined investments, and ESG excellence, all of which support strong financial returns. We believe that ConocoPhillips will play an essential role in meeting energy transition pathway demand, delivering superior and consistent returns on and of capital through the price cycles, and achieving our net-zero ambition on operational emissions while retaining the flexibility to successfully adapt as the future unfolds. Our financial principles consist of maintaining balance sheet strength, providing peer-leading distributions, making disciplined investments, and delivering ESG excellence, all of which are in service to delivering competitive financial returns. We have generated the proceeds from these transactions, which will be used in accordance with the company's priorities, including returns of capital to shareholders and reduction of gross debt. We have exposure to cybersecurity incidents and the negative impacts of such incidents related to our data and proprietary information housed on third-party IT systems, including the cloud. Any of these could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition, and any of the foregoing can be exacerbated by a delay or failure to detect a cybersecurity incident or the full extent of such incident notwithstanding reasonable security procedures and controls. Our commitment to ESG leadership and excellence is supported by a comprehensive energy transition strategy designed to sustainably meet global energy demand while delivering competitive returns on and of capital through the energy transition. We strive to conduct our business with respect and care for the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business operations. The ability to control our operating and overhead costs positively impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations. Our ongoing portfolio high-grading and optimization efforts demonstrate our commitment to preserving our top-tier balance sheet. We continue to evaluate our assets to determine whether they compete for capital within our portfolio and optimize as necessary, directing capital towards the most competitive investments and disposing of assets that don't compete.