As a global energy company, Chevron is subject to a variety of risks that could materially impact the company's results of operations and financial condition. The impacts of the continuation or further resurgences of the COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse and potentially material effect on Chevron's financial and operating results, with uncertainty about the pandemic's future impact on financial performance. The ability of the company's suppliers, partners, and affiliates to successfully navigate the pandemic's effects is critical for maintaining business continuity. In-country conditions, including potential future waves of the COVID-19 virus, could impact logistics and material movement, posing risks to business continuity. Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from severe weather, civil unrest, and epidemic diseases, which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the environment. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair operational functioning and result in unexpected incidents. Chevron has implemented a system of corporate policies, processes, and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks, and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure, and relies on existing liquidity and financial resources to meet short-term obligations arising from unforeseen events. The company's business is also subject to liability risks from litigation or government action, which could arise from the handling of potentially hazardous materials. Political instability and significant changes in the legal and regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business, particularly in exploration and production, as actions could be taken by governments that adversely affect operations. The company is required to comply with sanctions and other trade laws, which could impact operations and financial results. Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters may impact the business, as societal and legislative pressures to address these issues could lead to increased costs and reduced demand for Chevron's products. The company's aspirations to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 and other related targets expose it to numerous risks, including operational, regulatory, and reputational challenges. The ultimate impact of climate change-related legislation and government actions on the company's financial performance is uncertain and depends on various factors, including the sectors covered and the emissions reductions required. Chevron's management is required to make estimates and assumptions that are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty, which could materially affect the company's financial statements and operational performance.