The COVID pandemic resulted in additional risks that could materially adversely affect John Deere's business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows. The pandemic caused a global recession and significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty, leading to disruption and volatility in demand for John Deere's products and services. Continued uncertainties related to the magnitude, duration, and persistent effects of the COVID pandemic may significantly adversely affect the company's business and outlook. These uncertainties include disruptions in the supply chain, including those caused by industry capacity constraints, material availability, and global logistics delays. John Deere actively monitors and mitigates supply chain risk, but there can be no assurance that mitigation plans will be effective to prevent disruptions from shortages of materials used in production. The company relies on suppliers to acquire raw materials, components, and whole goods required to manufacture its products, and significant disruptions to the supply chain resulting from shortages can adversely affect John Deere's ability to meet commitments to customers. The ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect John Deere's business, results of operations, and financial condition. John Deere's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand, is critical to its success. Failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices ahead of competitors could have a significant adverse effect on John Deere's business. Unfavorable weather conditions or natural calamities that reduce agricultural production and demand for agriculture and turf equipment could directly and indirectly affect John Deere's business. The timing and quantity of rainfall are two of the most important factors in agricultural production, and adverse weather conditions may adversely affect sales of certain turf equipment. Changes in the availability and price of certain raw materials, components, and whole goods could result in significant disruptions to the supply chain, production disruptions, and increased costs. John Deere's operations, including those outside the United States, may also be affected by non-U.S. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-U.S. financial institutions and markets. John Deere's ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect its ability to execute its strategy. The departure of employees may affect John Deere's operations or ability to execute its business strategy and meet its business objectives. Disruptions to John Deere's manufacturing and parts-distribution facilities through various forms of labor disputes adversely affect the company. The company has faced challenges in integrating acquisitions with its operations and managing strategic investments. John Deere's approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. The company may depend on third parties to supply components, software, and services in support of precision technology solutions. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. John Deere's global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations, the violation of which could expose the company to potential liabilities, increased costs, and other adverse effects.