The company continues to actively monitor the pandemic, including the current spread of certain variants of the virus, and has taken and intends to continue taking steps to identify and seek to mitigate the adverse impacts on, and risks to, the company's business posed by the spread of COVID-19 and the governmental and community responses thereto. The company's businesses have activated their business continuity plans as a result of this pandemic, including taking steps in an effort to help keep our workforce healthy and safe, and are assessing and updating those plans on an ongoing basis. The actions taken in response to any improvements in conditions may vary widely by geography and line of business and will likely be made with incomplete information; pose the risk that such actions may prove to be premature, incorrect or insufficient; and could have an adverse impact on our business and financial statements. The company has developed and is implementing return-to-workplace protocols designed to help ensure the health and safety of its employees, customers, and business partners. The company expects overall demand for the company's COVID-19 related products to moderate as and to the extent the pandemic subsides, as the pandemic evolves toward endemic status. The company's businesses may enter into similar agreements in the future to expand production capacity related to diagnostics testing technologies and the expansion of testing production capacity at certain of the company's diagnostics businesses. The global spread of COVID-19 has led to unprecedented restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, our communities, and governments are taking to mitigate the spread. The company has experienced and/or may in the future experience constraints on the movement of products through the supply chain, capacity constraints and price increases in the supply chain, adverse impacts on workforce and/or key employees including labor availability, and adverse impacts on customer orders and purchases. The company continues to develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins, expand and improve the effectiveness of the company's sales force, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment. The company's geographic and industry diversity, as well as the range of its products and services, help limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources in order to be responsive to customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of operations. The company has identified the risks and uncertainties described as material, but they are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. The company's long-term growth and profitability will depend in particular on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, and manage operational flexibility in response to environmental perturbations. The company is subject to significant competition and must retain longstanding relationships with major customers while continuing to grow its business by establishing relationships with new customers. The company’s ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, as well as changes in the way healthcare services are delivered.