In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in our filings with the SEC, the most significant factors affecting our business include the adverse impact of COVID-19 on our businesses, which will continue for an unknown length of time and may continue to impact certain of our key sources of revenue. The company has experienced significant disruptions in the production and availability of content, and although film and television production generally resumed beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we continue to see disruption in production activities depending on local circumstances. The impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses have generally amplified or reduced our ability to mitigate the other risks discussed in our filings with the SEC, and our remediation efforts may not be successful. We have taken a number of mitigation efforts in response to the impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses, including suspending certain capital projects, reducing certain discretionary expenditures, and furloughing over half of our employees. Such mitigation measures have resulted in the delay or suspension of certain projects in which we have invested, particularly at our parks and resorts and studio operations. The reopening or closure of our businesses is dependent on applicable government requirements, which vary by location and are subject to ongoing changes. The company may take additional mitigation actions in the future such as raising additional financing, reducing or not making certain payments, or implementing additional furloughs or reductions in force. The most significant impact on operating income since the second quarter of fiscal 2020 from COVID-19 was at the DPEP segment due to revenue lost as a result of closures and/or reduced operating capacities. Our businesses create entertainment, travel, and consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create content, which must meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. The company regularly considers and implements changes to our business models to respond to these developments. The company has incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to address government regulations and the safety of our employees, guests, and talent. We have seen certain instances of lower demand upon reopening our parks and resorts businesses, and geographic variation in government requirements and ongoing changes to restrictions have disrupted and could further disrupt our businesses, including our production operations. The company believes that its financial condition remains strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity under current bank facilities provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and upcoming debt maturities as well as future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. The impacts on our operating cash flows are subject to uncertainty and may require us to rely more heavily on external funding sources, such as debt and other types of financing. The company’s borrowing costs can also be impacted by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on the company's performance as measured by certain credit metrics such as leverage and interest coverage ratios.