In evaluating our business, the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, should be carefully considered. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to prevent its spread are adversely affecting our business in a number of ways, and we are unable to predict the full extent of those impacts on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Factors that could negatively impact our ability to operate successfully include disruptions in our normal business operations due to disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including communications, financial services, and supply chains. We may experience a reduction in enrollment in our health benefits, products, and services or a continued change in membership mix to less profitable lines of business as a result of reductions in workforce by existing customers and other impacts of an economic downturn. The majority of our workforce continues to work remotely, which may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including increased risk of cybersecurity attacks, phishing, and unauthorized dissemination of sensitive, proprietary, or confidential information. We have contingency plans and insurance coverage for potential liabilities of this nature, but they may not be sufficient to cover all claims and liabilities. We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and medical cost trends. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused illness, deaths, quarantines, business and school shutdowns, reductions in business activity, travel and financial transactions, unemployment, inflation, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions, and overall economic and financial market instability. Large-scale medical emergencies, natural disasters, war, terrorism, political events, civil unrest, and global climate change may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. The ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic has caused significant increases in medical costs, and we expect claims costs related to COVID-19 testing, treatment, and hospitalizations to continue throughout 2022. We are subject to significant government regulation, and changes or proposed changes in the regulation of our business by federal and state regulators may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and underwriting criteria. We are exposed to potential losses resulting from the risk of state-specific or regional economic downturns impacting the states where we operate. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with hospitals, physicians, and other healthcare providers is critical to our business. We face intense competition in many of our markets, and if we fail to adequately adapt to changes in our industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities, our ability to compete and grow may be adversely affected. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments, and funds available under our senior revolving credit facilities will be sufficient for future operations and commitments. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as provide us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We continue to assist our customers, providers, members, and communities in addressing the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including by providing expanded benefit coverage for COVID-19 diagnostic tests, treatment, and vaccine administration.