The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have continuously monitored our global operations as the pandemic has spread and have implemented procedures focusing on the health and safety of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, as well as the continuity of our business offerings and compliance with governmental regulations. We activated our business continuity and pandemic plans, and while our operations have continued without interruption, we cannot guarantee that they will not be negatively impacted in the future. We have implemented processes to limit and schedule access to certain IBX data centers based on infection rates and case counts, as well as social distancing and hygiene protocols. These proactive actions may result in business delays, operational disruption, and customer dissatisfaction. Employee illnesses could lead to further inefficiencies or delays, and a suspected case in an IBX data center could require temporary closure for cleaning. The pandemic has contributed to global supply chain disruptions, which could interfere with our ability to meet commitments to customers. We rely on third-party construction labor and materials, which may be affected by the pandemic. We have invested in creating a material inventory to mitigate increases in raw materials, energy, and labor prices, but ongoing delays and high inflation could affect our business and growth. The pandemic has also led to increased scrutiny on our cybersecurity measures, as many employees work from home, potentially exposing us to new security risks. We maintain disaster recovery and business continuity plans to address severe weather events and other disruptions. Our adaptation to a hybrid working model could expose us to new security risks. We have also experienced fluctuations in our results of operations, which may cause the market price of our common stock to be volatile. The uncertain global economy could result in material churn in our customer base and reductions in revenues. We are currently making significant investments in our back-office information technology systems and processes, which may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business. The collective impact of these changes has placed significant demands on employees, increasing the risk of errors and control deficiencies. We strive to comply with all laws and regulations, but as these laws evolve, they can be subject to varying interpretations and regulatory discretion. The ongoing pandemic could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition, and the extent of this impact will depend on many factors, including new information about the pandemic and its variants, additional surges in infection rates, and government regulations. We believe that our financial resources will allow us to manage future possible impacts of the ongoing pandemic on our operations, which could include reductions in revenue and delays in payments from customers and partners.