The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on our business and may amplify many of our other known risks. The extent of the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition will depend on various factors, including the duration and intensity of the pandemic; the level of success of global vaccination efforts; governmental and private sector responses to the pandemic; and the impact of the pandemic on our employees, clients, vendors, supply chain, operations, and sales. We have modified our business practices, including restricting travel, limiting non-essential visitors to our facilities, disinfecting facilities, providing onsite testing and personal protective equipment to employees, and establishing a variety of safety protocols at facilities. Such measures may impact our productivity or effectiveness, and there is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services will significantly affect our future success. We must anticipate and respond to these changes in order to remain competitive within our relevant markets. The success of certain of our products and services relies, in part, on financial institutions, corporate, and other third parties to promote the use of our products and services by their customers. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected. We are subject to the risk of our merchants being unable to satisfy obligations for which we may also be liable. We may be subject to potential liability for fraudulent transactions, including electronic payment and card transactions or credits initiated by merchants or others. We have an active program to manage our credit risk and often mitigate our risk by obtaining collateral. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty as to general global economic and market conditions. We believe we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements for funds to conduct our operations and meet other needs in the ordinary course of our business. However, as the impact of the pandemic on the economy and our operations further evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs. Our ability to continue to service debt and meet lease and other obligations as they come due depends on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. We engage in regular communication with the banks that participate in our revolving credit facility. We expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. The operations and systems of many participants in the global financial system are interconnected. A disruption for any reason of the operations of a participant in the global financial system could impact our ability to obtain or provide information or cause funds to be moved in a manner to successfully deliver our products and services. We rely on third parties to provide us with products and services, and if we are unable to obtain such products or services in the future or if these third parties fail to perform these services adequately, our business may be materially and adversely affected. We have implemented policies and training programs to discourage practices that could harm our organizational integrity and resilience.