The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted global economies, resulting in workforce and travel restrictions, supply chain and production disruptions, and reduced demand and spending across many sectors. These factors have had a material adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as on the operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve. We anticipate that our operations and financial performance will continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in future periods. These impacts will ultimately depend on many factors that are not within our control, including the severity and duration of the pandemic; governmental, business, and individuals' actions in response to the pandemic; the emergence of COVID-19 virus variants; and the development, availability, and public acceptance of effective treatments and vaccines. Aviation has taken several actions to respond to the current adverse environment and is actively monitoring the pace of demand recovery to ensure the business is appropriately sized for the future. In addition, we continue to partner with our airline and leasing customers and collaborate with our airframe partners on production rates for 2022 and beyond. We have proactively managed sourcing and logistics, material and design costs to partially mitigate supply chain impacts. In response to near-term volatility and cost pressures, we have continued to execute on structural cost reductions and cash optimization actions, in order to invest in growth and research and development. We continue to grow and invest in precision health, with a focus on creating new products and digital solutions as well as expanding uses of existing offerings that are tailored to the different needs of our global customers. Our renewable energy segment benefits from one of the broadest portfolios in the industry that uniquely positions us to lead the energy transition with products, services, and integrated solutions to grow renewable energy generation, lower the cost of electricity, and modernize the grid. We have observed significant market demand for our offshore wind units. We are monitoring the impact across our industries from rising inflationary costs of transportation and commodities, broader supply chain, and permitting process challenges across the onshore and offshore wind industry. Our fundamentals remain strong with approximately $68.7 billion in unfilled customer orders for products and product services, and we expect to emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic well-positioned to drive long-term profitable growth and cash generation over time. We remain focused on our underwriting discipline, commercial selectivity, and risk management to ensure we are securing deals that meet our financial hurdles and we have a high confidence to deliver for our customers. The global businesses for aircraft jet engines, maintenance, component repair, and overhaul services are highly competitive, and product development cycles are long, with product quality and efficiency being critical to success. We are subject to market and regulatory dynamics related to decarbonization, which will require a combination of technological innovation in fuel efficiency and the development of electric flight and hydrogen-based aviation technologies. We are in frequent dialogue with our airline and airframe customers about the outlook for commercial air travel, new aircraft production, fleet retirements, and after-market services.