The company continues to monitor the activities in corporate and all other to determine the need for further reportable business segment disaggregation. The global COVID-19 pandemic creates significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption that have impacted our business, operations, and financial results and may continue to do so. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the duration, scope, and severity of the pandemic, the timing, availability, and acceptance of effective medical treatments and vaccines, and the impact of the pandemic on economic activity. Our operations may be adversely affected by downturns in global demand, which may impact new aircraft production or result in the delay or cancellation of new aircraft orders. Operating results may also be adversely affected by any decrease in air travel demand due to regional restrictions or suspension of service for public health, safety, or environmental events. The company has taken and may be required to redeploy significant cost actions, including reducing discretionary expenses, reducing hiring, canceling annual merit increases, and reducing staffing levels, as well as increasing supplier-based productivity and enhancing spending-limit controls. The focus on managing and mitigating the impacts of COVID-19 on our business may cause us to divert or delay the application of our resources toward new initiatives or investments, which may adversely impact our future results of operations. The company believes that its operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet its future operating cash needs. The company continues to assess the relative strength of each business in its portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to identify target investment and acquisition opportunities to upgrade its combined portfolio. The company seeks productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities and transitions to cost-competitive regions. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution, additional unexpected costs, realization of fewer than estimated productivity improvements, and adverse effects on employee morale. The company is subject to unique risks as a supplier to the U.S. government, including the right of the government to terminate contracts for convenience and to conduct audits and investigations of operations and performance. The company continues to incur remedial response and voluntary cleanup costs for site contamination and is a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety matters. The company believes that its policies, practices, and procedures are properly designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and personal injury. The company records appropriate liabilities for environmental matters when remedial efforts or damage claim payments are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The company’s ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery during times of volatile demand. The company’s management of the impact of COVID-19 will require significant investment of time and resources across its global enterprise. The company’s operations are subject to catastrophic loss due to natural disasters or other disruptions, including public health crises, which can result in undesirable consequences, including financial losses and damaged relationships with customers.