Risks related to our business downturn in economic environment and client spending budgets could impact the company's business. If overall demand for IBM's products and solutions decreases, whether due to general economic conditions, including those associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, or a shift in client buying patterns, the company's revenue and profit could be impacted. Failure of innovation initiatives could impact the long-term success of the company. IBM has been moving into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize hybrid cloud, artificial intelligence, quantum, and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through responsible innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, or is unable to attract a successful developer ecosystem, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments. Additionally, emerging business and delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for our other products or services. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, disruptive technologies, emerging business models, and ecosystems, the client demand for our products or services may decline or IBM's costs may increase. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by a lack of effective legal protections as well as changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances, and dispositions. Such transactions present significant challenges and risks, and there can be no assurances that the company will manage such transactions successfully or that strategic opportunities will be available to the company on acceptable terms or at all. The company's financial results are difficult to predict and may also be impacted by the structure of products and services contracts and the nature of its customers' businesses. The company's business and operations could be impacted by local legal, economic, political, health, and other conditions, including the COVID-19 pandemic. The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes, and changes to the ways of working. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error. The company's business could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers. Changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. Cybersecurity and privacy considerations could impact the company's business, and the company is at risk of security breaches not only of its own products, services, systems, and networks but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees, and other third parties. The company regularly addresses cybersecurity attacks and vulnerabilities with the potential for exploitation, and while the company continues to monitor for, identify, investigate, respond to, and remediate such events, there have not been cybersecurity incidents or vulnerabilities that have had a material adverse effect on the company. The enactment and expansion of cybersecurity, data protection, and privacy laws, regulations, and standards around the globe will continue to result in increased compliance costs. The company is subject to potential climate-related risks and costs such as those resulting from increased severe weather events, prolonged changes in temperature, and new regulations affecting hardware products and data centers.