The organization’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. We continue to monitor local government mandates in determining our office re-openings, re-closures, and work-related travel. Our businesses, including our exchanges, clearing houses, listing venues, data services businesses, and mortgage platforms, have remained open, and we do not have any plans to close any of our business operations. The impact of the pandemic on our business will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread, and severity of the outbreak, and the actions taken to contain its spread. We believe that our global office closures and phased re-opening measures were and continue to be in compliance with local government directives and social distancing directives. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 49% in 2021. Our operational flexibility is enhanced by our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs. We have established a program of internal audits and appropriate reviews by management, written policies and guidelines, and careful selection and training of qualified personnel to support our internal control over financial reporting. The operational continuity of our business is supported by our strategic initiatives and the resilience strategies we have developed. Our risk management program includes both initial and ongoing membership standards to reduce exposure. We maintain funds and assets in a manner that minimizes the risk of loss or delay in access to such funds and assets. The ice clearing houses have never experienced an incident of a clearing member default that required the use of the guaranty funds of non-defaulting clearing members. We have a significant part of our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses recorded in pounds sterling or euros, which exposes us to foreign currency exchange rate risk. The cash and cash equivalent deposits made to margin accounts and to the guaranty fund are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as current assets with corresponding current liabilities. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain income tax positions as income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income. Our pension plan is designed to keep the plan at or near full funding while minimizing the risk inherent in pension plans. We have adopted a global code of business conduct that applies to all of our employees, officers, and directors, which meets the requirements of a "code of ethics." We continuously review our positions on various tax matters as these matters progress, and we believe we have adequately provided for any assessments that could result from those proceedings. The future funding of the implementation and operation of the consolidated audit trail is expected to be provided by both the self-regulatory organizations and broker-dealers. We have established a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future.