The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business and operations, creating significant strain on global transportation, manufacturing, and labor markets, which have negatively affected development, manufacturing, supply, distribution, and sales of our medicines. The focus of resources on COVID-19 and widespread protective measures have resulted in disruptions and shortages in the supply of our medicines, which may negatively affect our results of operations. We face risks and uncertainties related to our COVID-19 therapies, including heightened regulatory scrutiny of our manufacturing practices and quality assurance, as well as restrictions on administration that limit widespread and timely access to our therapies. The unpredictable nature of pandemics has and could further negatively impact or eliminate demand for our COVID-19 therapies. We are currently unable to predict the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic will adversely impact our business and operations. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect us will depend on developments that are highly uncertain and beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, actions taken to reduce its transmission, and the introduction and spread of new variants of the coronavirus. Significant economic downturns or international trade and other global disruptions could adversely affect our business and operating results, as prolonged economic slowdowns could lead to decreased utilization of our products, affecting our sales volume. We are also subject to various risks related to our reliance on products with intellectual property protection, which are critical to our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines, and we face many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development. Manufacturing and supply chain difficulties, disruptions, or shortages could lead to product supply problems, and we rely on third parties for selected aspects of product and clinical development, which involves risks that may adversely affect our business. The healthcare industry has been a target for cyber-attacks, and the failure, inadequacy, or breach of our IT systems could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights, resulting in reputational harm and operational disruptions. We continue to implement measures to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize risks to enhance the resiliency of our IT systems. Our management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources to ensure we can adequately finance our capital requirements, which include working capital, capital expenditures, and potential business development activities. We also monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment and the creditworthiness of our customers and suppliers, as well as the uncertain impact of healthcare legislation and various international government funding levels. Our ability to attract, engage, and retain highly qualified personnel is crucial for our operational effectiveness and competitive advantage, particularly in an increasingly competitive environment.