In 2021, we continued to experience impacts in each of our business areas related to COVID-19, primarily in increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, travel restrictions, site access, and employee absences. We took measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, including encouraging vaccination. We also worked with our customers and suppliers to minimize disruptions, including using accelerated progress payments from the U.S. government and cash on hand to accelerate $2.2 billion of payments to our suppliers. We will continue to monitor risk driven by the pandemic and expect to continue to accelerate payments to our suppliers based on assessed needs through the end of 2022. We have ongoing combat systems programs associated with different classes of surface combatant ships for customers in Canada, Chile, and New Zealand. Our multi-mission surface combatant program will provide surface combatant ships for international customers, such as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, designed to operate in shallow waters and the open ocean. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to invest in our business and key technologies to provide our customers with enhanced capabilities, enhance stockholder value, and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. We expect to continue to opportunistically manage our pension liabilities through the purchase of group annuity contracts for portions of our outstanding defined benefit pension obligations using assets from the pension trust. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to present business challenges in 2021, and we experienced impacts related to COVID-19, primarily in increased costs, delays, and employee absences. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described. The operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. We continue to see international demand for our tactical and strike missile products, where we received orders for precision fires systems from Germany and Taiwan and for long-range anti-ship missiles from Australia. Our training and logistics solutions portfolio has active programs and pursuits in the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Canada, Singapore, Australia, Germany, and France. We expect to recognize approximately 38% of our backlog over the next 12 months and approximately 60% over the next 24 months as revenue. We are closely tracking developments regarding vaccine mandates and have taken steps to comply with the federal contractor vaccine mandate across our workforce. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our operations and financial performance in future periods remains uncertain and will depend on future pandemic-related developments. We have ongoing initiatives to manage our pension liabilities and have taken actions to mitigate the effect of our defined benefit pension plans on our financial results by reducing the volatility of our pension obligations. Our investment policies require that asset allocations of postretirement benefit plans be maintained within specified ranges to achieve investment objectives within prudent risk parameters. We expect to continue to look for opportunities to manage our pension liabilities through additional pension risk transfer transactions in future years.