We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of strategic initiatives. Adapting our business concept to respond to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands and their changing demographics is critical to our future success. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. It is difficult to predict the mix of products and services that our customers will demand. Our ability to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local cultural and demographic tastes within each customer group is important to our ability to effectively meet customer expectations. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, and improve and maintain safe stores could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. Our ability to collect, use, and share relevant customer data is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. Our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands have required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors must continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. The market for skilled professionals is increasingly competitive, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent necessary to implement our strategic initiatives. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and is expected to continue to affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The pandemic has created unprecedented impacts on the global supply chain, and disruptions in our international supply chain and fulfillment network for our products have affected our results of operations. Our business is subject to risks related to the long-term effects of global climate change, including both physical risks and transition risks. Our business and operations are subject to inherent climate-related risks, which could result in an increase in our costs and expenses and harm our future revenue, cash flows, and financial performance.