In addition to the other information in this annual report, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our business because such factors may significantly impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. The covid-19 outbreak has impacted and could further impact our ability to meet the demand for our products due to production, sourcing, logistics, and other challenges resulting from quarantines, shelter in place orders, facility closures, workforce challenges, and travel restrictions. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. The economic, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. In times of economic uncertainty, our customers' budgets for our products could be adversely affected, limiting their ability to purchase our products and services. We face significant competition from multiple competitors, and with increased consolidation efforts in our industry, we may face increasing competitive pressures. Our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products is critical for our success. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing facilities while we maintain business continuity plans; however, our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in a limited number of locations. These locations are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, such as natural or man-made disasters, widespread outbreaks of illness, or other events beyond our control. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping our products, which could result in the loss of business or customer trust. We are subject to various challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations, including domestic and international trade regulations, global or national economic and political conditions, and fluctuations in interest and foreign currency exchange rates. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success, and this is an ongoing challenge due to intense competition for top talent and fluctuations in industry or business economic conditions. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is essential for maintaining operational continuity and achieving long-term strategic objectives.