The global COVID-19 pandemic continues to have negative effects on the global economy, impacting business activity and adversely affecting consumers, customers, suppliers, and business partners. The pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, including employee work locations and working in remote or hybrid environments. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and may take further actions as required that are in the best interests of our employees, customers, and business partners. The full extent to which the pandemic and measures taken in response affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are uncertain. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential and proprietary information, and we are subject to increasingly complex regulations related to privacy, data, and information security. Information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. Cybersecurity threats have significantly increased, and we believe we are likely to continue to be a target of such threats and attacks. The complexity of our payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities, and operational difficulties could cause a loss of business for our products and services. We maintain an enterprise resiliency program to analyze risk, assess potential impacts, and develop effective response strategies. Our ability to compete may also be affected by regulatory and legislative initiatives, as well as the outcomes of litigation and competition-related regulatory proceedings. The payments industry is characterized by rapid technological change, and our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards. Our failure to effectively design and deliver multi-rail solutions and integrated products and services could make our offerings less desirable to customers or put us at a competitive disadvantage. We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations, and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, and investments in our business. The risks of loss on guarantees are specific to individual customers but may also be driven by regional or global economic conditions. Our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and their ability to effectively manage our brands. We are exposed to credit and liquidity risk from these customers, and concurrent settlement failures of multiple customers could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. The impact of adverse economic trends in key countries may include customers limiting the issuance of new products and consumers lowering spending, which could impact domestic and cross-border spend. We face disintermediation risks as industry participants develop alternative capabilities that could facilitate transactions competing with our core payments network. Our relationships with stakeholders, including issuers, acquirers, and merchants, are critical to our business, and the loss of significant customers could lead to substantial revenue decreases. We are also subject to heightened reputational risks associated with our work with governments and the potential scrutiny that comes with it.