The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this form 10-K. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated. We cannot predict the outcome of any such investigation, and it is possible that our business or the businesses of our subsidiaries and investees could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks arising in part from the COVID-19 pandemic, including labor shortages, inflation, and supply chain shortages, and continues to carefully evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks. Altria remains focused on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply, and distribution chains and on economic conditions. Altria's tobacco businesses face significant competition, and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows. Altria and its subsidiaries face various risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. Altria believes that the COVID-19 pandemic altered adult tobacco consumer behaviors and purchasing patterns, particularly in the earlier stages of the pandemic. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic and guidance from public health officials as it evolves its safety protocols. Altria's tobacco operating companies and investees could decide or be required to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. Altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems to support a variety of business processes and activities. We continue to make appropriate investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect our information systems and data from cyber threats. Altria's ability to implement its strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. Altria may be required to write down intangible assets, including goodwill, due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. Significant changes in price, availability, or quality of tobacco, other raw materials, or component parts could have an adverse effect on the profitability and business of Altria's tobacco operating companies and investees. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier, distributor, or distribution chain service provider could have a material adverse effect on the business. Altria's tobacco operating companies and investees face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant manufacturing facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors, and distribution chain service providers. A natural or man-made disaster, cyber incident, global pandemic, or other disruption could adversely impact the operations of the affected subsidiaries and investees. Altria continues to monitor adult tobacco consumers' purchasing behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases, and adoption of smoke-free products. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Juul's business, including near-term supply chain constraints, component part shortages, and inflation.