We have established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that our policies relating to business conduct, ethics and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge for us. The firm's risk management philosophy is the pursuit of risk-adjusted returns through prudent risk-taking that protects our capital base and franchise. This philosophy is implemented through the enterprise risk management framework, which integrates the diverse roles of risk management into a holistic enterprise structure and facilitates the incorporation of risk assessment into decision-making processes across the firm. The principal risks involved in our business activities include market, credit, operational, model, compliance, cybersecurity, liquidity, strategic, reputational, and conduct risk. The firm actively manages country risk exposure through a comprehensive risk management framework that combines credit and market fundamentals and allows us to effectively identify, monitor, and limit country risk. Our obligor credit evaluation process may also identify indirect exposures, whereby an obligor has vulnerability or exposure to another country or jurisdiction. The evaluation of corporate and institutional counterparties and borrowers includes assigning credit ratings, which reflect an assessment of an obligor's probability of default and loss given default. The firm monitors collateral levels against the requirements of lending agreements. The firm has a risk appetite that defines the aggregate level and types of risk that it is willing to accept to achieve its business objectives, taking into account the interests of clients and fiduciary duties to shareholders, as well as capital and other regulatory requirements. The risk limits framework provides the basis for monitoring risk-taking activity and avoiding outsized risk-taking. Our risk-taking capacity is sized through the firm's capital planning process where losses are estimated under the firm's severely adverse stress testing scenario. We have policies and procedures in place to identify, measure, monitor, escalate, mitigate, and control the principal risks involved in the activities of the institutional securities, wealth management, and investment management business segments. The firm is committed to continuous review and enhancement of risk management methodologies and assumptions in order to capture evolving risks associated with changes in market structure and dynamics. We actively hedge our lending and derivatives exposures. Hedging activities consist of the purchase or sale of positions in related securities and financial instruments, including a variety of derivative products. The firm utilizes various risk mitigation strategies, including diversification of risk exposures and hedging. The firm is also involved with various special purpose entities in the normal course of business, which may include structured transactions designed to provide tax-efficient yields. The firm has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, and the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law. The firm believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of its financial statements are prudent and reasonable. The firm has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in these financial statements and has not identified any recordable or disclosable events not otherwise reported in these financial statements or the notes thereto.