We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected how we and our customers are operating our respective businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations remains uncertain. Our operations have been negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control. For example, the pandemic has led governments to implement preventative measures to contain or control further spread of the virus, such as travel restrictions and work-from-home directives. These measures led to sharp reductions in demand in certain industries in which our customers operate. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic effectively, our business will be harmed. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. We may also face increasing competition from open-source software initiatives, which could impact our ability to compete effectively. Our cloud strategy may adversely affect our revenues and profitability if we do not successfully execute it or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers. We depend on suppliers to develop, manufacture, and deliver necessary technologies and components for our hardware products in a timely manner. Our supply chain operations could be disrupted by various factors, including natural disasters and public health crises. We may be unable to purchase necessary items from single-source vendors on acceptable terms or may experience significant shortages, delays, or quality issues. Our hardware revenues and profitability have declined and could continue to decline due to various factors, including changes in our hardware offerings and strategies. Our periodic workforce restructurings can be disruptive, resulting in increased costs and temporary reduced productivity. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of these restructurings. We rely on hiring qualified employees, and there is substantial competition for skilled personnel. Changes to immigration and labor law policies may adversely impact our access to technical talent. Our relationships with channel participants are important elements of our marketing and sales efforts, and our financial results could be adversely affected if these relationships deteriorate. We continue to review and consider strategic acquisitions, which present various risks, including difficulties in managing acquired companies and potential disruptions to our ongoing business. Our operations are subject to various legal proceedings, which can be lengthy and disruptive. The results of our litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and an adverse decision could affect our business and financial condition. We are also subject to risks related to international operations, including compliance with various laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct business. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and manage these risks effectively.