The impact of COVID-19 continues to create considerable uncertainty for our business, exposing us to risks associated with the pandemic, which has affected almost all of the more than 200 countries and territories in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed, or sold. Numerous measures have been implemented worldwide to try to reduce the spread of the virus, including travel bans, quarantines, and business shutdowns, which have impacted our operations, customers, consumers, and supply chain, potentially resulting in changes in demand for our products and increases in operating costs. We have developed and implemented health and safety protocols, business continuity plans, and crisis management protocols to mitigate the negative impact of COVID-19 on our employees and business. Continued economic uncertainty associated with the pandemic has resulted in volatility in the global capital and credit markets, which can impair our ability to access these markets on terms commercially acceptable to us. Our ability to innovate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences is critical, as consumer preferences continuously evolve due to various factors, including changes in demographics and consumption patterns. Any inability to anticipate or react to these changes can lead to reduced demand for our products and erode our competitive position. Our business operations, including our supply chain, are subject to disruption by natural disasters or other events beyond our control, which could negatively impact product availability and decrease demand for our products if our crisis management plans do not effectively resolve these issues. The retail landscape continues to evolve, including growth in e-commerce channels, and our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with e-commerce retailers. We must also manage risks associated with international operations, including unstable economic, political, and social conditions in certain markets. Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in developing and emerging markets, where competition, cultural differences, and economic conditions can impact our operations. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and evaluate potential acquisitions and divestitures, which requires effective management of associated risks. Our reliance on third-party service providers and enterprise-wide systems can adversely affect our business if these providers fail to meet their obligations. We continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate, which may impact our operational flexibility and require additional investments. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks that may evolve over time, necessitating an integrated risk management framework to identify, assess, prioritize, and address these risks. We believe that our cash-generating capability and financial condition, together with our available methods of debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing needs, including our net capital spending plans.