Our business involves various risks and uncertainties, certain of which are discussed in this section. Management divides these risks into five broad categories in assessing how they may affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations, as well as our ability to achieve our business objectives. Our success depends on our ability to underwrite and price risks accurately and to charge adequate rates to policyholders. Our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations depend on our ability to underwrite and set rates accurately for a full spectrum of risks. We are seeing new insurance regulations, various legislative and regulatory challenges, political initiatives, and other societal pressures that seek to limit or prohibit the use of specific rating factors in insurance policy pricing. Our ability to develop and implement innovative products and services, which may include technological advances, that are accepted and valued by our customers and independent agents is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. We must effectively manage complexity as we develop and deliver high-quality products and customer experiences. The highly competitive nature of the insurance marketplace could result in consolidation within the industry, or in the failure of one or more competitors. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent, including employees, managers, and executives, and to maintain appropriate staffing levels, is critical to our success. Our business continuity plans may prove inadequate to address the business challenges that we confront as these issues develop. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, and the restrictions put in place to help slow and/or stop the spread of the virus and its variants, could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. The potential effects of COVID-19 also could exacerbate the impacts of many of the other risk factors, including litigation claims being brought against the company; data security breaches and cyber attacks in the work-from-home environment; the valuation, volatility, and liquidity of our debt and equity investment portfolios; the condition of domestic and global economies and financial markets; our ability to access capital markets at favorable rates, if needed; our ability to access our cash accounts at banks and other financial institutions to operate our business; and the need to take impairments of goodwill or certain intangible assets. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to accurately predict our reinsurance needs, obtain sufficient reinsurance coverage for our property and other businesses at reasonable cost, and collect under our reinsurance contracts. Our insurance operating results have been and will likely continue to be materially adversely affected by severe weather or other catastrophe events, and climate change may be exacerbating these impacts. Our ability to respond effectively to the initiatives of our competitors may be negatively impacted, as could our ability to price our products accurately for new and renewal policies. We must maintain a brand that is recognized and trusted by consumers. Our ability to do so may be impaired as a result of litigation against us, other judicial decisions, legislation or regulations, or other factors in the employment marketplace. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, necessary business functions. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. In addition, many of our critical business systems interface with and depend on third-party systems; an interruption of service from a third-party system for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions.