The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and may continue to impact us in the future. The rapid, global spread of COVID-19 resulted in significant economic uncertainty, declines in business and consumer confidence, and a global economic slowdown, which resulted in a global recession. The pandemic could impact our business through delayed, reduced, or cancelled customer orders; disruptions or delays in our supply chain; and the insolvency of key suppliers, customers, or licensees. Our efforts to reopen our offices safely may not be successful and could expose our employees, customers, and partners to health risks, resulting in disruptions among our employees. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our future business will depend on uncertain developments, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and government responses to mitigate its spread. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, particularly from their sale of premium-tier devices. If revenues from these customers decrease or fluctuate, our business could be negatively affected. Our industry is experiencing concentration of device share among a few companies, contributing to this trend. Political actions, including trade and national security protection policies, could limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain customers, which could significantly reduce our revenues. We spend significant resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and specifications, and these efforts may not result in purchase commitments. The loss of any significant customer or a reduction in purchases could harm our ability to sustain expected results of operations. Our business may suffer due to the impact of various existing, new, or amended laws, regulations, and policies. We are subject to many complex environmental, health, and safety laws, regulations, and rules, which continue to evolve. Climate change concerns may result in new regulations that could increase compliance costs and adversely impact our results. Our manufacturing operations depend on securing raw materials and other supplies from multiple suppliers, and disruptions could harm our ability to meet delivery obligations. Cybersecurity threats pose risks to our IT systems and could disrupt our operations. Our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, particularly in a competitive market for specialized engineering talent. The hybrid working environment may impair our collaborative culture and lead to productivity challenges. Our growth depends on our ability to extend our technologies into new product areas and industries, and we may not succeed in these efforts. We engage in acquisitions and strategic transactions that carry risks and may not generate expected financial returns. Our ability to maintain product differentiation and adapt to technological changes is critical for our competitive advantage. We expect our research and development costs to increase as we invest in advancements in technology and products. Our business may be impacted by the ongoing U.S.-China trade relations and national security policies. We continue to devote resources to educating industry participants and governments about our licensing program and technology investments, but challenges to our business model may persist.