We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The challenging economic environment triggered by the coronavirus pandemic has impacted and will continue to impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The pandemic has also impacted our client service quality at times, with increased client service response and processing times due to high levels of client engagement. We consider service quality to be an important part of the client experience, and our failure to meet client expectations could result in decreased client satisfaction. Our business can be adversely affected by the general environment, including economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments, which all play a role in client asset valuations and overall investor engagement. We rely heavily on client cash balances to generate revenue, and significant changes in client cash allocations could negatively impact our income. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to these systems. System interruptions, errors, or downtime can result from various causes, including changes in client use patterns and technological failure, which can significantly impact our business and operations. We maintain a backup and recovery infrastructure to minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident. Our risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation controls. We have established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. We conduct regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures and ensure our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. Our integration work includes evaluating new or changed risks impacting the combined company and taking action through various means. We have established a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. Our operations, inclusive of acquisitions, remain consistent with our enterprise risk management framework. We have developed policies and procedures under which specific business and control units are responsible for identifying, measuring, and controlling risks. The global risk committee oversees risk management, including identifying emerging risks and assessing risk management practices. We have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. Our business continuity and disaster recovery plans are routinely tested to ensure operational resilience. We also face operational risk when employing the services of various third parties, and we manage this exposure through internal policies, procedures, and controls. Our ability to adapt to changing conditions and maintain operational flexibility is critical to our resilience strategy.