The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The registrants expect future compliance expenditures will continue to be significant, and the impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to Southern Company or any of its subsidiaries is uncertain. The registrants have robust processes for identifying, assessing, and responding to climate-related risks, including a scenario planning process that is used to inform resource planning decisions. This process relies on information from internal and external sources, which may or may not be accurate in predicting future outcomes. The Southern Company system is dependent upon natural gas as a fuel source for its power generation needs, which has the potential to impact the traditional electric operating companies' and Southern Power's costs of generation. The registrants are subject to workforce factors that could affect operations, including the need to attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs. Events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements may lead to operating challenges such as lack of resources and loss of knowledge. The registrants are subject to risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic, including disruption to the construction of Plant Vogtle units 3 and 4. The effects of the continued COVID-19 pandemic could include new or prolonged reductions in demand for energy, impairment of goodwill or long-lived assets, and further challenges to the development, construction, and/or operation of the registrants' facilities. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, which may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks. The Southern Company system must project many years into the future to accommodate the long lead times associated with the permitting and construction of new generation and associated transmission facilities. Inherent risk exists in predicting demand as future loads are dependent on many uncertain factors, including economic conditions and customer usage patterns. The registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their technology systems and confidential data or to disrupt utility and related business operations. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will detect or prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of technology systems and network infrastructure. The registrants are subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs, and the availability of insurance may decrease, with policies having higher deductibles and premiums. The registrants face significant competition for transactional opportunities, and anticipated transactions may not be completed on acceptable terms or at all. The registrants are dependent on cash flows from their respective subsidiaries to meet their ongoing and future financial obligations. Changes in ratings methodologies by agencies could also have a negative impact on credit ratings, and any credit rating downgrades could require altering the mix of debt financing currently used. The registrants rely on access to both short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity to meet capital requirements. Uncertainty as to the nature of the phase-out of LIBOR and alternative reference rates could cause interest rates to increase, impacting the registrants' ability to access capital at competitive rates.