We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. Adverse changes in the U.S. securities markets, interest rates, and medical costs could materially increase our benefit plan costs and future funding requirements. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs, and can be affected by lower returns on assets held by our pension and other benefit plans. Significant adverse changes in capital markets could result in the deterioration of our defined benefit plans' funded status and result in increased contribution requirements for such plans. Adverse changes in global financial markets could limit our ability and our larger customers' ability to access capital or increase the cost of capital needed to fund business operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting mitigation measures have caused, and may continue to cause, a negative effect on our operating results. The closure or avoidance of theaters, and the interruptions in movie production and other programming caused by COVID-19 are expected to continue to impact the timing of revenues and may cause a loss of revenue to our WarnerMedia business over the long term. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and could further cause reduced staffing levels at our call centers and field operations, resulting in delays in service. Further reductions in staffing levels could additionally limit our ability to provide services, adversely impacting our competitive position. We may also incur significantly higher expenses attributable to infrastructure investments required to meet higher network utilization from more customers consuming bandwidth from changes in work-from-home trends. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and could further cause adverse impacts on global economic conditions and consumer confidence, spending, and consumer behavior, which could affect demand for our products and services. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. We are exposed to restrictions on cash repatriation, foreign exchange controls, fluctuations in currency values, changes in relationships between U.S. and foreign governments, trade restrictions including potential tariffs, differences in intellectual property protection laws, and other regulations that may affect materially our earnings. Our ability to offer service in one or more countries could be adversely affected, and customers in these countries may be unable to purchase the services we offer or pay for services already provided. We must maintain and expand our network capacity and coverage for transport of data, including video, and voice between cell and fixed landline sites. Our ability to respond will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. Our business strategies reflect bundled product offerings that cut across product lines and utilize shared assets. We are transitioning services from our old copper-based network and seeking regulatory approvals, where needed, at both the state and federal levels. If we do not obtain regulatory approvals for our network transition or obtain approvals with onerous conditions, we could experience significant cost and competitive disadvantages. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. We intend for these efficiencies to enable increased investments in our strategic areas of focus, which consist of improving broadband connectivity, developing software-based entertainment, and utilizing WarnerMedia's storytelling legacy to engage consumers and gain insights across multiple distribution points.