The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. We cannot predict the duration or direction of current global trends or their sustained impact. Ultimately, we continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce, and other resources accordingly. Sustaining our production trajectory will require the ongoing readiness and solvency of our suppliers and vendors, a stable and motivated production workforce, and government cooperation, including for travel and visa allowances. If we experience unfavorable global market conditions, or if we cannot or do not maintain operations at a scope that is commensurate with such conditions or are later required to or choose to suspend such operations again, our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results may be harmed. We must address unexpected challenges that may arise during our production ramps while continuing to improve manufacturing processes and reducing costs. Our future business depends in large part on increasing the production of mass-market vehicles, which we are planning to achieve through multiple factories worldwide. We will also need to hire, train, and compensate skilled employees to operate these facilities. Bottlenecks and other unexpected challenges may arise, and we must address them promptly. Our ability to increase production of our vehicles on a sustained basis is dependent on the construction and ramp of our current and future factories, which are subject to uncertainties inherent in all new manufacturing operations. We are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, political uncertainty, and social, environmental, and economic conditions in numerous jurisdictions, which may harm our business if we are unable to manage them effectively. We may incur expenses or delays relating to events outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our operations could be adversely affected by events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, wars, or health epidemics. We may be impacted by natural disasters, wars, health epidemics, weather conditions, and the long-term effects of climate change. If major disasters occur, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. We will need to maintain and significantly grow our access to battery cells, including through the development and manufacture of our own cells. Our ability to manufacture our products profitably would be limited if we are unable to maintain and grow our respective operations. We are also subject to evolving laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs, legal prohibitions, or unfavorable changes upon our operations or products. We must manage ongoing obligations under our agreement with the research foundation for the state university of New York relating to our gigafactory New York. The loss of the services of any of our key employees or any significant portion of our workforce could disrupt our operations or delay the development, introduction, and ramp of our products and services. We face risks associated with maintaining and expanding our international operations, including unfavorable and uncertain regulatory, political, economic, tax, and labor conditions. Our business may suffer if our products or features contain defects, fail to perform as expected, or take longer than expected to become fully functional. We will need to maintain public credibility and confidence in our long-term business prospects in order to succeed.