The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact health systems, businesses, governments, and customer and consumer activities. The future impact on our business is primarily dependent upon the ultimate pacing, intensity, and duration of the crisis, the severity of new variants of the COVID-19 virus, and the effectiveness and extent of administration of vaccinations and treatments, factors which remain uncertain at this time. We may experience an increase in medical care costs as people seek care that was deferred during the pandemic, and individuals with chronic conditions may require additional care needs resulting from missed treatments. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in some of our customers having to temporarily or permanently close or severely curtail their operations, and unfavorable economic conditions resulting from the pandemic may continue to impact our clients, customers, health care providers, third-party vendors, and federal and state entities and programs. Further disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including supply chains providing medical supplies and pharmaceutical products, could disrupt our business operations or increase our operating costs. The enactment of emergency powers by governments could disrupt our business operations, including by restricting pharmaceuticals or other supplies, and could increase the risk of shortages of necessary items. Our care delivery business may continue to be adversely impacted by COVID-19 infections and exposures affecting providers we employ, resulting in reduced capacity to handle demand for care and related partial or full closures of our facilities. Our non-clinical workforce may also be adversely impacted by COVID-19 infections and exposures impacting our business operations. We have experienced and may continue to experience reduced demand for certain services Optum provides to care providers, health plans, and employers as a result of reduced clinical and claims activity and changes in business priorities resulting from COVID-19. We manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of competitive provider contracts, and care management programs. Our premium revenue on commercial policies and Medicaid contracts is typically based on a fixed monthly rate per individual served for a 12-month period and is generally priced one to six months before the contract commences. The profitability of our products depends in large part on our ability to predict, price for, and effectively manage medical costs. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration. The COVID-19 pandemic has created needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, price adequately our products and services, provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. If we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade, or expand our existing information systems, our business could be materially and adversely affected. The ultimate overall impact of COVID-19 on our businesses is uncertain and dependent on the future pacing, intensity, and duration of the pandemic, the severity of new variants of the COVID-19 virus, and the effectiveness and extent of administration of vaccinations and treatments.