Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations. Our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop additional product candidates for both cystic fibrosis (CF) and non-CF indications, which requires significant resource allocation and operational flexibility. We face competition from major pharmaceutical companies possessing substantially greater financial resources, and our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. Our ability to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements is critical, as failure to do so could result in restrictions on marketing our products or delays in submitting regulatory filings. We are subject to various and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal data, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our business and damage our reputation. The covid-19 pandemic has added complexity to our operations, impacting clinical trial enrollment and participation, and potentially affecting the uptake of our medicines. We have adopted a business continuity plan to address crises, but if we are unable to fully implement these plans, we may experience significant disruptions in our research, development, manufacturing, and commercial activities. Our strategy involves balancing risks inherent in product development by investing in diverse areas, which may provide product candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We continue to monitor the impacts of the covid-19 global pandemic on our business, including in our clinical trials and manufacturing capabilities. Our revenues are subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations due to the global nature of our operations, and we expect that our net product revenues will increase due to the continued performance of our CF medicines and expanded access. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products, and establishing supply chains for each new approved product requires significant financial commitment. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical, as the highly technical nature of our drug discovery and development activities necessitates qualified personnel. We are subject to risks associated with operating in foreign countries, including differing regulatory requirements for drug approvals and potential business interruptions. Our research and development expenses have historically fluctuated, and we expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on creating transformative medicines. Our business also requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products, and we dedicate substantial management resources to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement from third-party payors. The successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks, including the potential for adverse data from clinical trials, which could lead to significant changes in our development activities. We actively pursue a pipeline of product candidates for the treatment of serious diseases, and our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease biology and the science of therapeutics to discover and develop new medicines.