The following discussion of risks is designed to highlight material factors that may adversely affect our business and expectations. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business, causing equipment failures, loss of information, and disruptions to our operations. The development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring. While we have not been subject to material cyber attacks, the preventive actions we take may be insufficient to mitigate the effects of a major attack in the future. Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, or hostile acts could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations. Our business operations are subject to interruption by power outages, terrorist acts, natural disasters, or climate change impacts, which could result in degradation or disruption of service to our customers, as well as significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. We are implementing measures to protect our infrastructure from these events, but our overall disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business is based on our ability to provide products and services to customers and the ability of those customers to use and pay for those products and services. The pandemic has significantly impacted the way customers use and pay for our products and services, and the ways our employees and suppliers are able to provide services. Adverse economic conditions could impact our results of operations, as consumers may reduce discretionary spending, and business customers may delay purchasing decisions. We face significant competition that may reduce our profits, and our ability to compete effectively depends on our network quality, pricing, customer service, and ability to respond to changes in technology and consumer preferences. We continue to invest in our wireless networks and advanced technologies to position ourselves for future growth. Our strategy requires significant capital investments to maintain and evolve our networks and develop advanced information technology systems. We believe that steady investments will drive innovative products and services and fuel our growth. Our network leadership is the foundation for the connectivity and solutions that build our competitive advantage. We expect future revenue growth to be driven by expanding existing customer relationships and increasing the number of ways customers can connect with our services. We will continue to focus on cost efficiencies to maximize returns to shareholders and adapt to changes in the competitive and economic environments. Our capital expenditures are aimed at increasing the operating efficiency and productivity of our networks, maintaining our existing infrastructure, and facilitating the introduction of new products and services. We expect to continue to grow our customer base and enhance our service offerings while navigating the challenges presented by external pressures and market volatility.