The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. The retail business continues to rapidly evolve, and consumers increasingly embrace digital shopping. Our strategy, which includes investments in e-commerce, technology, talent, supply chain automation, acquisitions, joint ventures, store remodels, and other customer initiatives, may not adequately or effectively allow us to continue to grow our e-commerce business, increase comparable sales, maintain or grow our overall market position, or otherwise offset the impact on the growth of our business of a moderated pace of new store and club openings. The success of this strategy will depend in large measure on our ability to continue building and delivering a seamless omni-channel shopping experience and interconnected ecosystem for our customers that deepens our relationships with our customers across our various businesses and partnerships. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to be highly unpredictable and volatile, affecting demand for our products and services, in-stock positions, costs of doing business, access to inventory, and supply chain operations. Customer behaviors have changed rapidly during the course of the pandemic, which may challenge our ability to anticipate and adjust inventory levels to meet demand. The occurrence of natural disasters, climate change, geopolitical events, global health epidemics, or pandemics could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Such events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our financial performance. The performance of strategic alliances and other business relationships to support the expansion of our business could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who uphold our standards and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located outside the U.S. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business continues to be unpredictable, and we may be unable to sustain our revenue growth rate in the future. We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business. Disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores, and online operations. If our systems are damaged, breached, or attacked, we may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions in our business operations. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations. Any failure to provide attractive, user-friendly secure digital platforms that meet the changing expectations of online shoppers could place us at a competitive disadvantage. We face strong competition from other retailers, omni-channel retailers, and other businesses, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. The omni-channel retail landscape is highly competitive and rapidly evolving, and the entry of new, well-funded competitors may increase competitive pressures. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to the duration and intensity of the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions, and volatility in consumer confidence. Our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions, and to effectively motivate and retain associates are critical to our business success. If we are unable to locate, attract, or retain qualified personnel, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease, adversely affecting our financial performance.