The company's business and financial performance depend significantly on its ability to continually improve its products and services in order to maintain their functional and design advantages. The company must ensure a continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services, and technologies to the marketplace. The company's ability to compete successfully depends heavily on its ability to manage frequent introductions and transitions of products and services. The company has invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing selected resellers' stores with company employees and contractors, and improving product placement displays. The company's business and financial performance could also be materially adversely affected depending on the time required to obtain sufficient quantities from the original source or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source. The company relies on the performance of carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and other resellers. The company also sells its products and third-party products in most of its major markets directly to education, enterprise, and government customers and consumers and small and mid-sized businesses through its retail and online stores. The company has invested in manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of its outsourcing partners, and has made prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements. The company also relies on single-sourced outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia, and Europe to supply and manufacture many components, and on outsourcing partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the company's hardware products. The company's business may be impacted by information technology system failures or network disruptions. The company may be subject to information technology system failures or network disruptions caused by natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or other events or disruptions. The company's business requires it to use and store confidential information including personally identifiable information with respect to the company's customers and employees. The company devotes significant resources to network and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and data. The company has implemented systems and processes intended to secure its information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive data. The company may also be subject to specific obligations relating to health data and payment card data. The company's future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers. The company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and services. The company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the company on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The company's products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect the company's business and result in harm to the company's reputation. The company's financial condition and operating results depend substantially on the company's ability to continually improve its products and services in order to maintain their functional and design advantages. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions. The company's operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. The company has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that the company's employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the company's policies and procedures.