We rely on information technology systems throughout our company to keep financial records and customer data, process orders, manage inventory, coordinate shipments to customers, maintain confidential and proprietary information, assist in semiconductor engineering and other technical activities and operate other critical functions such as internet connectivity, network communications and email. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, employee malfeasance, user errors, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. If we were to experience a prolonged disruption in the information technology systems that involve our internal communications or our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. We also rely upon external cloud providers for certain infrastructure activities. We may also be subject to security breaches of our information technology systems and certain of our products caused by viruses, illegal break-ins or hacking, sabotage, or acts of vandalism by third parties or our employees or contractors. Our security measures or those of our third party service providers may not detect or prevent security breaches, defects, bugs or errors. Security breaches of our information technology systems or those of our partners could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential and proprietary information belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, which could result in our suffering significant financial or reputational damage. The success of the acquisition, including the achievement of anticipated benefits and cost savings of the acquisition, is subject to a number of uncertainties and will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate linear's business into our business in an efficient and effective manner. Potential difficulties the combined company may encounter in the integration process include the inability to successfully integrate linear's business into our own in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve the cost savings and operating synergies anticipated to result from the acquisition, which could result in the anticipated benefits of the acquisition not being realized partly or wholly in the time frame currently anticipated or at all; integrating personnel, IT systems and corporate, finance and administrative infrastructures of the two companies while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality products and services; and coordinating and integrating our internal operations, compensation and benefits programs, policies and procedures, and corporate structures. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness when due, including the significant indebtedness that we have incurred in connection with the acquisition, depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. We expect that this action will result in estimated annual salary, variable compensation and employee benefit savings of approximately $60.0 million once fully implemented. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. Our future success significantly depends on our continued ability to execute our business strategy, continue to improve our existing products and design, develop, produce and market innovative new products and system-level solutions. We believe that a continued commitment to R&D is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings, and therefore, we expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future.