Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. The level of importance of each of the following risks may vary from time to time, and any of these risks may have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Failure to comply with privacy, data protection, and cyber security laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations, or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. The collection, hosting, transfer, disclosure, use, storage, and security of personal information required to provide our services is subject to federal, state, and foreign privacy, data protection, and cyber security laws. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data or cyber security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our systems may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. Many of our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of complicated transactions. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We are executing upon a voluntary early retirement program and have also identified additional operational improvement initiatives through the formation of our transformation office. These transformation initiatives support our ongoing strategy which is aimed at streamlining our operations and extending our world-class distribution while leveraging our talent and culture. We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives, which are designed to streamline our organization, extend our world-class distribution, and strengthen our talent and culture, while supporting our revenue growth, margin improvement, and productivity. We innovate by anticipating how the world of work is transforming and how trends, such as the rising of the gig economy, impact the needs of our clients and the evolving workforce. We are reshaping the HCM industry through organic innovative development such as our next-gen platforms and our strategic acquisitions. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, and we continue to maintain a high percentage of recurring revenues and healthy margins, and retain our ability to generate consistent healthy cash flows.