This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network-connected control systems, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, or serviced by third parties. Internal or external events that compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and data may significantly interrupt the operation of our business, result in significant costs, and affect our reputation. Our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R&D efforts, our clinical and commercial manufacturing processes, and our product sales and distribution processes. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions. Our systems are also subject to frequent cyberattacks, and as the cyber-threat landscape evolves, these attacks are growing in frequency, sophistication, and intensity. Such attacks could leave us unable to utilize key business systems or access important data needed to operate our business, including developing, gaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing, selling, and distributing our products. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection, and resilience of our critical or sensitive data and systems. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will detect, prevent, or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks, or breaches of our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive data. We have also continued to invest in external innovation to augment our internal innovation with a focus when possible, on genetic-related investments and genetically validated targets. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. The adoption and interpretation of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability. Our business is subject to extensive regulation by numerous state and federal government authorities in the United States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory authorities. We are required in the United States and in foreign countries to obtain approval from regulatory authorities before we manufacture, market, and sell our products. We must develop new products over time to provide for revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We face competition from biosimilars and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future. Our products face substantial competition, and we operate in a highly competitive environment. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of our products and product candidates. We are also involved in legal proceedings, government investigations, and other matters such as intellectual property disputes, contractual disputes, and class action suits which are complex in nature and have outcomes that are difficult to predict.