We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, with many competitors in different industries, including e-commerce and digital content, which may secure better terms from vendors and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, and marketing. Our expansion places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources, increasing the complexity of our business and placing significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, and internal financial control and reporting functions. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional business, legal, financial, and competitive risks, including new and difficult technology challenges. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy customer demands is critical, as is our ability to offer products on favorable terms and manage inventory. The introduction of competitive stores, websites, products, and services may also impact our market positioning. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. Our technology and content costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, and infrastructure costs. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory and completed orders, and our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship completed orders to customers may be negatively affected by various factors, including inclement weather and other disruptions. We also face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy, as we experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond. Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by various events, which could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing services. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, and consider the acquisition of complementary businesses, products, services, and technologies, which might affect our liquidity requirements or cause us to secure additional financing. We have significant suppliers that are important to our sourcing, services, and manufacturing, and we do not have long-term arrangements with most of our suppliers to guarantee availability of merchandise or services. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with various laws and regulations. We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, which could result in significant financial and managerial resource expenditures.