We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage. We rely extensively on IT systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, physical security systems, and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used for third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our, or our third-party providers', systems, portable media, or storage devices. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. While we maintain cyber insurance, this insurance may not, however, be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. There can be no assurance that our continuing efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. If we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. Our ability to successfully complete the acquisition and successfully integrate Celgene could impact our results of operations. If we are not able to achieve the cost savings that we expect, this could negatively impact our operating margin and earnings results. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. Compounds or products may appear promising in development but fail to reach market within the expected or optimal timeframe, or at all. In addition, product extensions or additional indications may not be approved. Furthermore, products or indications approved under the U.S. FDA's accelerated approval program may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies, and such studies may not be successful. The evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We continue to drive growth of Opdivo by expanding into additional indications and tumor types both as a monotherapy and in combination with Yervoy and other anti-cancer agents. Through our operating model transformation, our commercial infrastructure is uniquely leveraged for potential growth.