The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. If our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers, or third-party service partners, or the underlying infrastructure of the internet are breached, and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer's data, our data, or our IT systems, our services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our services, and we may incur significant reputational harm, legal exposure and liabilities, or a negative financial impact. Our ability to maintain and improve business and data governance policies, enhanced processes and internal security controls, including our ability to escalate and respond to known and potential risks, mitigates these risks. The continued evolution of our internal IT systems as we early adopt new technologies and new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers increases the complexity of our IT systems. Our limited control over our customers or third-party technology providers, or the processing of data by third-party technology providers, may not allow us to maintain the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. We expect that significant additional investments will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, to address the needs of our customers, to further develop and enhance our services, to expand into new geographic areas, and to scale with our overall growth. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics, and other events beyond our control. We plan to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. Our technology infrastructure enables us to provide our customers with a service based on a single version of our application, which allows us to have relatively lower research and development expenses compared to traditional enterprise software companies. Our proprietary, scalable, and secure multi-tenant architecture is a key component of our IT capability. We have invested in additional database software and hardware and plan to increase the capacity that we are able to offer globally through data centers and third-party infrastructure providers. We also expect capital expenditures to be higher in absolute dollars and remain consistent as a percentage of total revenues in future periods as a result of continued office build-outs, other leasehold improvements, and data center investments. Our efforts to expand our services beyond the CRM market may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. Our ability to develop enhancements to and new features for our existing or new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments is critical. The success of enhancements, new features, and services depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction, and market acceptance of the feature, service, or enhancement by customers, administrators, and developers, as well as our ability to seamlessly integrate all of our service offerings and develop adequate selling capabilities in new markets. Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties, which is run by a series of independent organizations that work together to provide the infrastructure and supporting services of the internet. The internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damages to portions of its infrastructure, denial-of-service attacks, or related cyber incidents, and it could face outages and delays in the future. These outages and delays could reduce the level of internet usage or result in fragmentation of the internet, resulting in multiple separate internets.