We are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure and data, including our kite konnect platform, which is critical to ensure chain of identity and chain of custody of yescarta. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and random attack. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Our business and technology partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. While we have invested, and continue to invest, in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts, or the efforts of our partners and vendors, will prevent service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems. Such interruptions or breaches could adversely affect our business and operations and/or cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us. In addition, our insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Regulators globally are also imposing new data security requirements, including greater monetary fines for privacy violations. For example, the general data protection regulation (gdpr) that became effective in Europe in 2018 established new regulations regarding the handling of personal data, and non-compliance with the gdpr may result in monetary penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. Changes in laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of certain types of sensitive data, including healthcare data or other personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate. We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies or disputes with these third parties could negatively impact our business. We rely on a number of collaborative relationships with third parties for our sales and marketing performance in certain territories. Some of these relationships also involve the clinical development of these products by our partners. Reliance on collaborative relationships poses a number of risks, including the risk that we are unable to control the resources our corporate partners devote to our programs or products. Disputes may arise with respect to the ownership of rights to technology developed with our corporate partners. Our corporate partners have considerable discretion in electing whether to pursue the development of any additional products and may pursue alternative technologies or products either on their own or in collaboration with our competitors. Our ability to provide our products and product candidates to patients would be jeopardized if we encounter difficulties with our suppliers, including in the event of a disaster, such as an earthquake, equipment failure or other difficulty. We are also aware of the existence of various "buyers clubs" around the world that promote the personal importation of generic versions of our hcv and hiv products that have not been approved for use in the countries into which they are imported. Counterfeit drugs pose a serious risk to patient health and safety and may raise the risk of product recalls. Our reputation and business could suffer as a result of counterfeit drugs sold under our brand name. We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms and generic drug manufacturers. Our products compete with other available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing.