Our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery costs depends on many factors, including the success of our investments in one home depot supply chain, and our failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products and our profit margins. The implementation of our store, interconnected retail, supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We are substantially increasing our investments to create the one home depot experience, including significant investments over the next several years to build the one home depot supply chain. These initiatives are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected retail experience; and create the fastest, most efficient delivery network for home improvement products. Failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. The one home depot initiative will require significant investment in our operations and systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems and support. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; security breaches; cyber-attacks; and catastrophic events. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. Through our information technology systems, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and interconnected retail experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from a variety of electronic devices and platforms. We continually seek to enhance all of our online properties to provide an attractive, user-friendly interface for our customers. Disruptions, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers. Our business, like that of most retailers, involves the receipt, storage, management and transmission of customers' personal information, preferences, and payment card information, as well as other confidential information. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. We have implemented and regularly review and update our systems, processes, and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment. Our strategic initiatives, including one home depot supply chain, and the related technology investments needed to implement our strategic investments, require attracting and retaining a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals. The market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. Our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified associates while also controlling our labor costs. If we are unable to effectively manage the volume and nature of these changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected.