Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. We face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation or settlement of transactions. We also face operational risk from transactions not being properly recorded, evaluated or accounted for in our funds. Our public markets business line is highly dependent on our ability to process and evaluate, on a daily basis, transactions across markets and geographies in a time-sensitive, efficient and accurate manner. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may not be suitable for new products and strategies, and may be subject to security risks. The cost of maintaining such systems and technology may increase from our current level. Furthermore, most of our administrative personnel and our information system and technology infrastructure are located in our New York City office, and any disruption in the operation of, or inability to access, our New York City office could have a significant impact on our business. We are also dependent on an increasingly concentrated group of third-party vendors that we do not control for hosting solutions and technologies. A disaster or a disruption in technology or infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us, our vendors or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our principal offices, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber-security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, theft, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, and other events that could have a security impact. We may be exposed to a more significant risk if these acts are taken by state actors. We and our employees have been and expect to continue to be the target of fraudulent calls and emails, and the subject of impersonations and fraudulent requests for money and other forms of activities. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. In addition, cyber-security has become a top priority for regulators around the world. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cyber-security and protection of personal information, including the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union that became effective in May 2018. Breaches in security could potentially jeopardize our, our employees' or our fund investors' or counterparties' confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our employees', our fund investors', our counterparties' or third parties' operations, which could result in significant losses, increased costs, disruption of our business, liability to our fund investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage.