A key component of our strategic plan is to grow our international sales, which involves strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. Our aeronautics business segment includes the F-35 Lightning II joint strike fighter, an international multi-role, multi-variant, stealth fighter aircraft, with net sales for the F-35 program representing approximately 27% of our total consolidated net sales during 2018. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers. Our business segments operate in an environment characterized by complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures, necessitating a focus on program execution and improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. The majority of our capital expenditures for 2018 and those planned for 2019 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure, and information technology. Our consolidated net adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other items, increased segment operating profit by approximately $1.9 billion in 2018, $1.6 billion in 2017, and $1.4 billion in 2016. We have ongoing programs for production and sustainment activities in various countries, including the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, the Republic of Korea, Japan, and Taiwan. Our MFC business segment continues to generate significant international interest, particularly in the air and missile defense product line, which produces the Patriot Advanced Capability-3 (PAC-3) and Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) systems. We have ongoing PAC-3 programs for production and sustainment activities, and the international commitment to the F-35 program continues to grow, with commitments from the U.S. government and eight international partner countries. The U.S. government and the eight partner countries continue to work together on the design, testing, production, and sustainment of the F-35 program. Our RMS business segment provides design, manufacture, service, and support for a variety of military and commercial helicopters, ship and submarine mission and combat systems, and mission systems and sensors for rotary and fixed-wing aircraft. We also support the needs of government customers in cybersecurity and deliver communication and command and control capabilities through complex mission solutions for defense applications. We expect our 2019 net sales to increase in the mid-single digit range from 2018 levels, driven by increased production and sustainment on the F-35 program and key contract awards in the tactical and strike missiles business. Our strong operating cash flows enable us to invest in our business while returning cash to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. We expect to continue to issue commercial paper backed by our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility to manage the timing of cash flows. Our investment in information technology is critical to supporting our operational capabilities and enhancing our business processes, ensuring that we maintain a competitive advantage in the market.