The global payments industry is highly competitive, and our ability to compete may also be affected by the outcomes of litigation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, central bank activity, and legislative activity. We face disintermediation and related risks, including parties that process our transactions attempting to eliminate our position as an intermediary in the payment process. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, as well as by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. We rely on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies, and the inability of these companies to keep pace with technological developments could negatively impact our offerings. The payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, which can impact our business by resulting in new technologies that may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our programs and services. Our ability to keep pace technologically is critical, as our inability to do so could negatively impact the willingness of customers to work with us and could encourage them to use their own technology and compete against us. We are also subject to increasingly complex regulations related to privacy, data protection, and information security, which could result in negative impacts on our business. The expansion of our information profile through the collection of additional data from various sources may amplify the impact of these regulations. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks, and our customers and other parties in the payments value chain rely on our digital technologies, computer systems, software, and networks to conduct their operations. Cybersecurity threats and information security incidents could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. The complexity of our payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that differ from those faced on our core network. We are devoting substantial resources to defending our right to establish interchange rates in regulatory proceedings, litigation, and legislative activity, which could have a more positive or negative impact on us relative to our competitors. Our failure to keep pace with technological developments or to bring to market products that reflect these technologies could lead to a decline in the use of our products, which could materially adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. The risks associated with working with different types of customers and the development and implementation of new products or services could also lead to reputational damage if these products or services do not perform as intended. Our ability to develop new technologies and reflect technological changes in our payments offerings will require resources, which may result in additional expenses. As we continue to develop integrated products and services to meet the needs of a changing marketplace, we may face operational challenges that could adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.