Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. We are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is appropriate, interesting, useful, and relevant to them. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services. We compete with companies that sell advertising, as well as with companies that provide social, media, and communication products and services that are designed to engage users on the web, mobile devices, and online generally. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that facilitate communication and the sharing of content and information, companies that enable marketers to display advertising, and companies that provide development platforms for applications developers. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly software engineers, designers, and product managers, is critical to our success. We are continuously seeking to balance the distribution objectives of our developers with our desire to provide an optimal user experience. Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing products and to create successful new products. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant resources in growing our WhatsApp and Messenger products. We may not be successful in our efforts to generate meaningful revenue from messaging over the long term. We anticipate that our user growth rate will generally decline over time as the size of our active user base increases. Our business is highly competitive, and competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, data protection, and consumer protection. Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation and adversely affect our financial results. Our products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors or vulnerabilities, our business could be adversely affected. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising, and our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party affiliated websites or mobile applications. Our advertising revenue growth was driven by an increase in revenue from ads on mobile devices. We expect that our costs will continue to grow as we broaden our user base and develop and implement new products. Our ability to effectively manage our growth is essential for maintaining our competitive position.