Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. A growing part of our business involves cloud-based services available across the spectrum of computing devices. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. Our success in the Internet of Things will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings such as Microsoft Azure, Azure Stack, Azure IoT Edge, and Azure Sphere. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. The Windows ecosystem must continue to evolve with this changing environment. We are undertaking cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our data handling practices across our products and services will continue to be under scrutiny, and perceptions of mismanagement could negatively impact product and feature adoption, product design, and product quality. Developing new technologies is complex and can require long development and testing periods. Significant delays in new releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. Security threats are a significant challenge to companies like us whose business is providing technology products and services to others. Threats to our own IT infrastructure can also affect our customers. Customers using our cloud-based services rely on the security of our infrastructure, including hardware and other elements provided by third parties, to ensure the reliability of our services and the protection of their data. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities in our own products as well as those provided by others. The cost of these steps could reduce our operating margins. If we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services could harm our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services. Our ability to use data effectively may be constrained by regulatory developments that impede realizing the expected return from this investment. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding personal data may require changes in services, business practices, or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, reduced efficiency, or greater difficulty in competing with foreign-based firms. We strive to empower all people and organizations to achieve more, and accessibility of our products is an important aspect of this goal. If our products do not meet customer expectations or emerging global accessibility requirements, we could lose sales opportunities or face regulatory actions. Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain highly skilled workers and key leaders, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected.