nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure is required in their highly regulated industry. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised, and they could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging due to the size, scope, complexity, and geographical reach of their business. any failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect their ability to process transactions and provide services. nee and fpl add, modify, and replace information systems regularly, and modifying existing systems or implementing new systems involves risks, including integrating the modified or new system with existing systems and processes. disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources. the operation and maintenance of their electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities are subject to many operational risks, including those related to the performance of their information technology systems. they face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals, and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities. the ability to proceed with projects under development and to complete construction may be adversely affected by escalating costs for materials and labor, regulatory compliance, and disputes involving contractors and other third parties. they must address the effects of regulation on their business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. the regulatory process limits or could adversely impact fpl's earnings and does not provide assurance as to the achievement of authorized earnings levels. fpl's use of derivative instruments could be subject to prudence challenges, and if found imprudent, could result in disallowances of cost recovery. the business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected by new or revised laws, regulations, interpretations, or regulatory initiatives. their business is influenced by various legislative and regulatory initiatives, including those regarding deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry and regulation of environmental matters. changes in the nature of the regulation of their business could have a material adverse effect on their business. they are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates, and equity prices, and they use derivative instruments to manage these risks. the management of their respective interest rate exposure is conducted through monitoring current interest rates and entering into interest rate contracts. the liquidity of energy markets is an important factor in their ability to manage risks in operations, and any reduction in market liquidity could have a material adverse effect on their business.