Our ability to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV series and movies. The relative service levels, content offerings, pricing, and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain memberships. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing memberships and attracting new memberships, our business will be adversely affected. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing, and distribution of original programming, including TV series and movies. We believe that original programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand, and otherwise attract and retain members. As we expand our original programming, we have become responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments. We also take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk. We are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and internet video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. We are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict, or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party web hosting provider. We also utilize third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. We have architected our software and computer systems to utilize data processing, storage capabilities, and other services provided by AWS. If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operation could be adversely impacted. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. We have built and deployed our own content-delivery network ("CDN"). To the extent internet service providers do not interconnect with our CDN, or if we experience difficulties in its operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks, both from state-sponsored and individual activity. These systems periodically experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse, or theft of data, confidential information, or intellectual property. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of memberships and adversely affect our business and results of operation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems, but techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access.