Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business and operating results will be adversely affected. The markets for our enterprise cloud solutions are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry. We expect increasing competition from platform vendors and from application development vendors focused on these other markets. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, customer requirements, and buying practices. If we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to rapidly evolving technological, market, and customer developments, our competitive position and business prospects may be harmed. The pace of innovation will continue to accelerate as digital technologies increasingly become the basis for customer purchases. To compete effectively in our rapidly changing markets, we must identify and innovate in the right emerging technologies among the many in which we could make investments. We must accurately predict our customers' changing business needs and priorities, including their technology infrastructures and buying practices. We must successfully deliver new platform and database technologies and products that scale to meet these needs and priorities and efficiently integrate with other technologies within our customers' digital environments. Our operations involve the storage, transmission, and processing of our customers' confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data. While we have security measures in place designed to protect customer information, these measures may be breached, resulting in unauthorized access to our customers' data. We devote significant financial and personnel resources to implement and maintain security measures; however, as cyber-security threats develop and evolve, it may be necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. Our business depends upon the successful implementation of our products by our customers. We increasingly rely on our network of partners to deliver implementation services, and there may not be enough qualified implementation partners available to meet customer demand. Various factors, including our customers' business, integration, migration, and security requirements, may cause implementations of our products to be delayed or unsuccessful. Our subscription revenues are primarily comprised of fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service and related support and updates during the subscription term. We generally invoice our customers annually in advance for subscription services upon execution of the initial contract or subsequent renewal. Our contracts are generally non-cancelable during the subscription term, though a customer can terminate for breach if we materially fail to perform. We expect subscription revenues to grow in absolute dollars as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. Our professional services arrangements are primarily on a time-and-materials basis, and revenues on these arrangements are recognized as the services are delivered. We typically invoice our customers monthly in arrears for these professional services based on actual hours and expenses incurred. The determination of the period of benefit for deferred commissions requires significant judgment, taking into consideration our customer contracts, technology life cycle, and other factors. Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand under a combination of patent and other intellectual property laws. We may not be successful in obtaining patent protection, and any patents acquired in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages.