Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those related to the effective management of future growth and the improvement of our systems, processes, and controls. As we have grown, we have increasingly managed more complex deployments of our products and subscriptions with larger end-customers, which places a significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We may not be able to successfully implement or scale improvements to our systems, processes, and controls in an efficient or timely manner. Our existing systems, processes, and controls may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the deployment of our platform with existing end-customers, which may require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts. The rate at which our end-customers purchase additional products, subscriptions, and support depends on various factors, including the perceived need for additional security products and general economic conditions. We face intense competition in our market, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. The market for enterprise security products is intensely competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors and new market entrants. Many of our existing competitors have substantial competitive advantages such as greater name recognition, larger sales and marketing budgets, and broader distribution. Our growth strategy is dependent, in part, upon increasing sales of our products to new and existing medium and large enterprise end-customers, which involves risks that may not be present with sales to smaller entities. Our ability to sell additional products and subscriptions to our end-customers is critical, as our subscription and support revenue accounts for a significant portion of our total revenue. We rely on our channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, including subscriptions and support, and if these channel partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products and subscriptions will be limited. Our ability to manage production and manufacturing related costs, global customer service organization costs, and inventory costs is crucial for maintaining operational efficiency. We must also effectively manage our supply and inventory to avoid lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue. Our investments in research and development are essential to maintaining our competitive position and ensuring that we can meet the needs of our end-customers. We believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products are essential to improving our competitive position. Our future plans include significant investments in research and development and related product and subscription opportunities, which we believe are necessary to sustain our growth and improve our operating results.