Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal and hosted information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures and cyber security attacks, such as computer viruses or unauthorized access. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. While management continually reviews the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting that may occur in the future could result in misstatements or restatements of our financial statements or a decline in the price of our securities. Our investments in real estate properties are subject to risks that could adversely affect our business, including technological changes such as reconfiguration of supply chains, autonomous vehicles, robotics, 3D printing or other technologies. Our ability to rehabilitate and reposition our properties due to changes in the business and logistics needs of our customers is critical. The operating fundamentals in the markets in which we operate continue to be strong, which has increased rents, kept occupancies high and fueled development activity. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, contributions and dispositions of properties and available financing sources is considered adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from fees earned for services performed on behalf of the co-investment ventures, including promotes, distributions received from the co-investment ventures, proceeds from the disposition of properties, land parcels or other investments to third parties, and proceeds from the contributions of properties to current or future co-investment ventures. Our credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms and pricing of any debt we may incur. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our business and, in particular, our refinancing and other capital market activities, our ability to manage debt maturities, our future growth and our development and acquisition activity. We are also exposed to various environmental risks, which may result in unanticipated losses that could affect our business and financial condition. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in co-investment ventures, and we may and currently intend to develop and acquire properties through these ventures when warranted by the circumstances.