Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions, and upgrades of CDMA, OFDMA, and other communications technologies, including 5G; our customers' and licensees' sales of products and services based on these technologies; and customers' demand for our products and services. We depend on operators of wireless networks and our customers and licensees to adopt and/or implement the latest generation of these technologies for use in their networks, devices, and services. We increasingly depend on operators of wireless networks, our customers and licensees, and other third parties to incorporate these technologies into new device types and into industries and applications beyond traditional cellular communications, such as automotive, IoT, networking, computing, and artificial intelligence. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products and/or those of our customers and/or licensees. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new business and/or customers, as new opportunities develop, and as new competitors enter the industry. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, technological and public policy changes, and relatively low barriers to entry in certain segments of the industry. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and with smaller geometry process technologies that drive performance. We expect our business, particularly QCT, to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies. Our growth increasingly depends on our ability to extend our technologies, products, and services into new and expanded product areas, such as RF front-end and adjacent industry segments and/or applications outside of traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, IoT, and networking. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G- and 5G-based technologies, as well as other technologies to extend the demand for our products and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and licensing of 5G technologies, and to be a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products and services in order to sustain and grow our business long-term. We expect initial commercial 5G network deployments and device launches to begin in calendar 2019, and we believe that 5G technologies will empower a new era of smartphones and connected devices. We also believe that 5G will drive transformation across industries beyond traditional cellular communications that will create new business models and new services. Our research, development, and other investments in these new and expanded product areas and industry segments, and related technologies, products, and services, may not generate operating income or contribute to future results of operations that meet our expectations.