We operate in the capital and commodities markets, which include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, trading firms, and issuers. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes, and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems, and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption, or unauthorized access to our systems. We have made significant investments in information technology data centers and other technology initiatives, and we cannot provide assurances that such investments will result in increased revenues. The rapid change of technology is a key feature of all of the markets in which we operate. To succeed in the future, we will need to deploy improved processes and technology to innovate, design, develop, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements to our existing products in a timely and cost-effective manner. Innovation and constant development in support of new products and enhancements to existing products call for the implementation of new and improved processes and technologies that require related change management efforts. Our strategy includes transforming technology infrastructure to support growth, improve cost efficiency, and mitigate cyber risk. We are focused on developing an enterprise-wide data strategy and execution plan, leveraging machine learning and data science. Our ability to produce our products and develop new products is dependent upon the products of other suppliers, including certain data, software, and service suppliers. Our ability to attract and retain customers is affected by external perceptions of our brand and reputation. Negative perceptions or publicity could damage our reputation with customers, prospects, and the public generally, which could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain customers, employees, and suppliers. The markets for credit ratings, financial research, investment advisory services, market data, index-based products, and commodities price assessments and related news and information about these markets are intensely competitive. We also face competition from non-traditional providers, such as asset managers, investment banks, and technology-led companies that are adding content and analytics capabilities to their core businesses. Our business is impacted by general economic conditions and volatility in the United States and world financial markets. We continuously review the latest information available and assess our ability to predict the outcome of legal proceedings and the effects on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business, and competitive position, which may require that we record liabilities in the consolidated financial statements in future periods.