We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Competitive factors include technological innovation, e-business capabilities and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Our customers use many of our products to develop, test and manufacture their own products. As a result, we must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets; allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects; developing new applications for our technologies; and continuing the development of commercial tools and infrastructure to increase and support cross-selling opportunities of products and services. Our business is affected by general economic conditions, both inside and outside the U.S. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or violation of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business. We periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. As we implement and add functionality, problems could arise that we have not foreseen. Such problems could disrupt our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders and otherwise run our business in a timely manner. We rely on our information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, phishing, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in interruptions in our services, which could harm our reputation and financial results. If we are unable to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches, we may suffer regulatory consequences in addition to business consequences. Our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses. These cash flows in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses. The company’s references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. We assess the realizability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products, pending sale.