We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology such as positive train control (PTC) or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, if a cyber attack or other event causes significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could suffer a significant service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We continue to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason with adequate resources. We entered 2018 with network congestion on key routes and terminals, compounded by high freight car inventory levels that negatively impacted operational performance during the first half of the year. On October 1, 2018, we began implementation of the first phase of our unified plan 2020, which included several initiatives focused on increasing reliability of our service product, reducing variability in network operations, and improving resource utilization costs. As a result, network operations improved significantly as we progressed throughout the fourth quarter. We reduced our active locomotive fleet and reduced operating car inventory while handling relatively similar volume levels. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. Our capital plan includes expenditures to renew and improve our existing infrastructure as well as new capacity investments designed to support future business growth and operational efficiency. Significant investments will be made for locomotive modernization and freight cars. We expect to fund our cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and many laws and regulations require us to obtain and maintain various licenses, permits, and other authorizations. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We may experience other operational or service difficulties related to network capacity, dramatic and unplanned fluctuations in our customers' demand for rail service, or other events that could negatively impact our operational efficiency, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.