As a global payments technology company, we facilitate global commerce through the transfer of value and information among a global network of consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners, and government entities. Our advanced transaction processing network, visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact or reduce the number of Visa products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, our revenues, our brands, our competitive positioning, and our ability to use our intellectual property to differentiate our products and services. We face intense competition in our industry, as technology evolves, new competitors or methods of payment emerge, and existing clients and competitors assume different roles. Our products compete with cash, checks, electronic funds, virtual currency payments, global or multi-regional networks, other domestic and closed-loop payments systems, and alternate payment providers primarily focused on enabling payments through e-commerce and mobile channels. The competitive landscape is quickly evolving, and we may not be able to foresee or respond sufficiently to emerging risks associated with new businesses, products, services, and practices. Our financial institution clients and merchants can reassess their commitments to us at any time or develop their own competitive services. We depend on relationships with financial institutions, acquirers, processors, merchants, and other third parties. Our relationships with industry participants are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple third parties. We engage in discussions with merchants, acquirers, and processors to provide incentives to promote routing preference and acceptance growth. As innovations in payment technology have enabled us to expand into new products and services, they have also expanded the potential scope of regulatory influence. Our compliance programs and policies are designed to support our compliance with a wide array of regulations and laws, and we continually enhance our compliance programs as regulations evolve. However, we cannot guarantee that our practices will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. The risks created by a new law or regulation in one jurisdiction have the potential to be replicated and to negatively affect our business in another jurisdiction or in other product offerings. Our ability to do so may be adversely affected by regulatory requirements and policies pertaining to transaction routing or on-shore processing. We are also subject to central bank oversight in some markets, which could result in new governance, reporting, licensing, cybersecurity, processing infrastructure, capital, or credit risk management requirements. We may face challenges in integrating new technologies and ensuring that our IT capabilities effectively support business needs and enhance operational efficiency. Our ability to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation is critical, as our clients and account holders associate our brand with acceptance, security, convenience, speed, and reliability. The evolving landscape of digital technologies and regulatory requirements necessitates continuous adaptation and investment in our IT capabilities to sustain competitive advantage and ensure compliance with diverse regulations across jurisdictions.