item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion and analysis also contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the disclosures and information contained in "disclosure regarding forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.
we use the terms "accenture," "we," the "company," "our" and "us" in this report to refer to accenture plc and its subsidiaries. all references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on august 31. for example, a reference to "fiscal 2018" means the 12-month period that ended on august 31, 2018. all references to quarters, unless otherwise noted, refer to the quarters of our fiscal year.
we use the term "in local currency" so that certain financial results may be viewed without the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of business performance. financial results "in local currency" are calculated by restating current period activity into u.s. dollars using the comparable prior-year period's foreign currency exchange rates. this approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar.
overview revenues are driven by the ability of our executives to secure new contracts and to deliver services and solutions that add value relevant to our clients' current needs and challenges. the level of revenues we achieve is based on our ability to deliver market-leading services and solutions and to deploy skilled teams of professionals quickly and on a global basis.
our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and levels of business confidence. there continues to be significant volatility and economic and geopolitical uncertainty in many markets around the world, which may impact our business. we continue to monitor the impact of this volatility and uncertainty and seek to manage our costs in order to respond to changing conditions. there also continues to be volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. the majority of our net revenues are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the euro and the u.k. pound. unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had and could have in the future a material effect on our financial results.
revenues before reimbursements ("net revenues") for fiscal 2018 increased 13.5% in u.s. dollars and 10.5% in local currency compared to fiscal 2017. demand for our services and solutions continued to be very strong, resulting in growth across all areas of our business. during fiscal 2018, revenue growth in local currency was very strong in communication, media & technology, resources and products and strong in financial services and health & public service. we experienced very strong growth in growth markets and strong growth in north america and europe. revenue growth in local currency was very strong in consulting and strong in outsourcing during fiscal 2018. while the business environment remained competitive, pricing was relatively stable. we use the term "pricing" to mean the contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell.
in our consulting business, net revenues for fiscal 2018 increased 15% in u.s. dollars and 12% in local currency compared to fiscal 2017. consulting revenue growth in local currency in fiscal 2018 was led by very strong growth in communications, media & technology, resources, financial services and products as well as strong growth in health & public service. our consulting revenue growth continues to be driven by strong demand for digital-, cloud- and security-related services and assisting clients with the adoption of new technologies. in addition, clients continue to be focused on initiatives designed to deliver cost savings and operational efficiency, as well as projects to integrate their global operations and grow and transform their businesses.
in our outsourcing business, net revenues for fiscal 2018 increased 12% in u.s. dollars and 9% in local currency compared to fiscal 2017. outsourcing revenue growth in local currency in fiscal 2018 was led by very strong growth in communications, media & technology, resources and products, as well as strong growth in health & public service and modest growth in financial services. we continue to experience growing demand to assist clients with the operation and maintenance of digital-related services and cloud enablement. in addition, clients continue to be focused on transforming their operations to improve effectiveness and cost efficiency.
approximately 3% higher than our revenue growth in local currency for the year. assuming that exchange rates stay within recent ranges, we estimate that our full fiscal 2019 revenue growth in u.s. dollars will be approximately 2.5% lower than our revenue growth in local currency.
the primary categories of operating expenses include cost of services, sales and marketing and general and administrative costs. cost of services is primarily driven by the cost of client-service personnel, which consists mainly of compensation, subcontractor and other personnel costs, and non-payroll costs on outsourcing contracts. cost of services includes a variety of activities such as: contract delivery; recruiting and training; software development; and integration of acquisitions. sales and marketing costs are driven primarily by: compensation costs for business development activities; marketing- and advertising-related activities; and certain acquisition-related costs. general and administrative costs primarily include costs for non-client-facing personnel, information systems, office space and certain acquisition-related costs.
utilization for fiscal 2018 was 91%, flat with fiscal 2017. we continue to hire to meet current and projected future demand. we proactively plan and manage the size and composition of our workforce and take actions as needed to address changes in the anticipated demand for our services and solutions, given that compensation costs are the most significant portion of our operating expenses. based on current and projected future demand, we have increased our headcount, the majority of which serve our clients, to approximately 459,000 as of august 31, 2018, compared to approximately 425,000 as of august 31, 2017. the year-over-year increase in our headcount reflects an overall increase in demand for our services and solutions, as well as headcount added in connection with acquisitions. attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, for fiscal 2018 was 15%, up from 14% in fiscal 2017. we evaluate voluntary attrition, adjust levels of new hiring and use involuntary terminations as means to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with changes in client demand. in addition, we adjust compensation in certain skill sets and geographies in order to attract and retain appropriate numbers of qualified employees. for the majority of our personnel, compensation increases become effective december 1st of each fiscal year. we strive to adjust pricing and/or the mix of resources to reduce the impact of compensation increases on our gross margin. our ability to grow our revenues and maintain or increase our margin could be adversely affected if we are unable to: keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with changes in the types or amounts of services and solutions clients are demanding; recover increases in compensation; deploy our employees globally on a timely basis; manage attrition; and/or effectively assimilate and utilize new employees.
gross margin (net revenues less cost of services before reimbursable expenses as a percentage of net revenues) for fiscal 2018 was 31.4%, compared with 31.7% for fiscal 2017. the decrease in gross margin for fiscal 2018 was principally due to higher labor costs compared to fiscal 2017, partially offset by other cost efficiencies in fiscal 2018.
sales and marketing and general and administrative costs as a percentage of net revenues were 16.7% for fiscal 2018, compared with 16.9% for fiscal 2017. we continuously monitor these costs and implement cost-management actions, as appropriate. for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, sales and marketing costs as a percentage of net revenues decreased 20 basis points and general and administrative costs as a percentage of net revenues were flat.
during fiscal 2017, we recorded a $510 million pension settlement charge and related $198 million reduction in taxes for the u.s. pension plan termination. for additional information, see note 10 (retirement and profit sharing plans) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
operating margin (operating income as a percentage of net revenues) for fiscal 2018 was 14.8%, compared with 13.3% for fiscal 2017. the pension settlement charge decreased operating margin by 150 basis points for fiscal 2017. excluding the effect of the pension settlement charge, operating margin for fiscal 2017 would have been flat with fiscal 2018 at 14.8%.
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 was 27.4%, compared with 21.3% for fiscal 2017. during fiscal 2018, we recorded a provisional tax charge associated with the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") of $178 million. absent this charge and $81 million of expense from a non-u.s. tax law change, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 would have been 23.0%. absent the pension settlement charge and related taxes described above, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 would have also been 23.0%. for additional information, see note 9 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
diluted earnings per share were $6.34 for fiscal 2018, compared with $5.44 for fiscal 2017. the impact of tax law changes decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.40 in fiscal 2018. the impact of the pension settlement charge, net of taxes, decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.47 in fiscal 2017. excluding these impacts, diluted earnings per share would have been $6.74 and $5.91 for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively.
excluding the impact of the pension settlement charge in fiscal 2017, as we believe doing so facilitates understanding as to both the impacts of these items and our financial performance when comparing these periods.
our operating income and diluted earnings per share are affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations on revenues and costs. most of our costs are incurred in the same currency as the related net revenues. where practical, we seek to manage foreign currency exposure for costs not incurred in the same currency as the related net revenues, such as the costs associated with our global delivery model, by using currency protection provisions in our customer contracts and through our hedging programs. we seek to manage our costs, taking into consideration the residual positive and negative effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on those costs. for more information on our hedging programs, see note 7 (derivative financial instruments) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
as described further in note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies), on march 13, 2018 our subsidiary accenture holdings plc merged with and into accenture plc, with accenture plc as the surviving entity. as a result, all of the assets and liabilities of accenture holdings plc were acquired by accenture plc, and accenture holdings plc ceased to exist. the merger was internal and administrative in nature.
beginning in fiscal 2019, we are adopting new accounting standards that will affect the accounting for revenue and pension costs: accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2014-09: "revenue from contracts with customers" (topic 606); and asu no. 2017-07: "compensation-retirement benefits" (topic 715). in connection with the adoption, we will present total revenues and will no longer report revenues before reimbursements. also, certain components of pension costs will be reclassified from operating expenses to non-operating expenses. in our subsequent periodic reports, prior-period results will be revised to reflect the fiscal 2019 presentation. additionally, on september 1, 2018, we will adopt asu no. 2016-16: "income taxes: intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory", which will require us to record deferred tax assets of up to $2.1 billion and incremental income tax expense going forward, as these deferred tax assets are utilized. for additional information, see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
bookings and backlog new bookings for fiscal 2018 were $42.81 billion, with consulting bookings of $23.63 billion and outsourcing bookings of $19.18 billion.
we provide information regarding our new bookings, which include new contracts, including those acquired through acquisitions, as well as renewals, extensions and changes to existing contracts, because we believe doing so provides useful trend information regarding changes in the volume of our new business over time. new bookings can vary significantly quarter to quarter depending in part on the timing of the signing of a small number of large outsourcing contracts. the types of services and solutions clients are demanding and the pace and level of their spending may impact the conversion of new bookings to revenues. for example, outsourcing bookings, which are typically for multi-year contracts, generally convert to revenue over a longer period of time compared to consulting bookings. information regarding our new bookings is not comparable to, nor should it be substituted for, an analysis of our revenues over time. new bookings involve estimates and judgments. there are no third-party standards or requirements governing the calculation of bookings. we do not update our new bookings for material subsequent terminations or reductions related to bookings originally recorded in prior fiscal years. new bookings are recorded using then-existing foreign currency exchange rates and are not subsequently adjusted for foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
the majority of our contracts are terminable by the client on short notice, and some without notice. accordingly, we do not believe it is appropriate to characterize bookings attributable to these contracts as backlog. normally, if a client terminates a project, the client remains obligated to pay for commitments we have made to third parties in connection with the project, services performed and reimbursable expenses incurred by us through the date of termination.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. we continually evaluate our estimates, judgments and assumptions based on available information and experience. because the use of estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. certain of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. these include certain aspects of accounting for revenue recognition and income taxes.
revenue recognition our contracts have different terms based on the scope, deliverables and complexity of the engagement, the terms of which frequently require us to make judgments and estimates in recognizing revenues. we have many types of contracts, including time-and-materials contracts, fixed-price contracts and contracts with features of both of these contract types. in addition, some contracts include incentives related to costs incurred, benefits produced or adherence to schedules that may increase the variability in revenues and margins earned on such contracts. we conduct rigorous reviews prior to signing such contracts to evaluate whether these incentives are reasonably achievable.
we recognize revenues from technology integration consulting contracts using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, which involves calculating the percentage of services provided during the reporting period compared with the total estimated services to be provided over the duration of the contract. our contracts for technology integration consulting services generally span six months to two years. estimated revenues used in applying the percentage-of-completion method include estimated incentives for which achievement of defined goals is deemed probable. this method is followed where reasonably dependable estimates of revenues and costs can be made. estimates of total contract revenues and costs are continuously monitored during the term of the contract, and recorded revenues and estimated costs are subject to revision as the contract progresses. such revisions may result in increases or decreases to revenues and income and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the periods in which they are first identified. if our estimates indicate that a contract loss will occur, a loss provision is recorded in the period in which the loss first becomes probable and reasonably estimable. contract losses are determined to be the amount by which the estimated total direct and indirect costs of the contract exceed the estimated total revenues that will be generated by the contract and are included in cost of services and classified in other accrued liabilities.
revenues from contracts for non-technology integration consulting services with fees based on time and materials or cost-plus are recognized as the services are performed and amounts are earned. we consider amounts to be earned once evidence of an arrangement has been obtained, services are delivered, fees are fixed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably assured. in such contracts, our efforts, measured by time incurred, typically are provided in less than a year and represent the contractual milestones or output measure, which is the contractual earnings pattern. for non-technology integration consulting contracts with fixed fees, we recognize revenues as amounts become billable in accordance with contract terms, provided the billable amounts are not contingent, are consistent with the services delivered and are earned. contingent or incentive revenues relating to non-technology integration consulting contracts are recognized when the contingency is satisfied and we conclude the amounts are earned.
outsourcing contracts typically span several years and involve complex delivery, often through multiple workforces in different countries. in a number of these arrangements, we hire client employees and become responsible for certain client obligations. revenues are recognized on outsourcing contracts as amounts become billable in accordance with contract terms, unless the amounts are billed in advance of performance of services, in which case revenues are recognized when the services are performed and amounts are earned. revenues from time-and-materials or cost-plus contracts are recognized as the services are performed. in such contracts, our effort, measured by time incurred, represents the contractual milestones or output measure, which is the contractual earnings pattern. revenues from unit-priced contracts are recognized as transactions are processed based on objective measures of output. revenues from fixed-price contracts are recognized on a straight-line basis, unless revenues are earned and obligations are fulfilled in a different pattern. outsourcing contracts can also include incentive payments for benefits delivered to clients. revenues relating to such incentive payments are recorded when the contingency is satisfied and we conclude the amounts are earned. we continuously review and reassess our estimates of contract profitability. circumstances that potentially affect profitability over the life of the contract include decreases in volumes of transactions or other inputs/outputs on which we are paid, failure to deliver agreed benefits, variances from planned internal/external costs to deliver our services and other factors affecting revenues and costs.
costs related to delivering outsourcing services are expensed as incurred, with the exception of certain transition costs related to the set-up of processes, personnel and systems, which are deferred during the transition period and expensed evenly over the period outsourcing services are provided. the deferred costs are specific internal costs or incremental external costs directly related to transition or set-up activities necessary to enable the outsourced services. generally, deferred amounts are protected in the event of early termination of the contract and are monitored regularly for impairment. impairment losses are recorded when projected remaining undiscounted operating cash flows of the related contract are not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of contract assets. amounts billable to the client for transition or set-up activities are deferred and recognized as revenue evenly over the period outsourcing services are provided. contract acquisition and origination costs are expensed as incurred.
we enter into contracts that may consist of multiple deliverables. these contracts may include any combination of technology integration consulting services, non-technology integration consulting services or outsourcing services described above. revenues for contracts with multiple deliverables are allocated based on the lesser of the element's relative selling price or the amount that is not contingent on future delivery of another deliverable. the selling price of each deliverable is determined by obtaining third party evidence of the selling price for the deliverable and is based on the price we charge when largely similar services are sold on a standalone basis to similarly situated customers. if the amount of non-contingent revenues allocated to a deliverable accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method of accounting is less than the costs to deliver such services, then such costs are deferred and recognized in future periods when the revenues become non-contingent. revenues are recognized in accordance with our accounting policies for the separate deliverables when the services have value on a stand-alone basis, selling price of the separate deliverables exists and, in arrangements that include a general right of refund relative to the completed deliverable, performance of the in-process deliverable is considered probable and substantially in our control. while determining fair value and identifying separate deliverables require judgment, generally fair value and the separate deliverables are readily identifiable as we also sell those deliverables unaccompanied by other deliverables.
revenues recognized in excess of billings are recorded as unbilled services. billings in excess of revenues recognized are recorded as deferred revenues until revenue recognition criteria are met. client prepayments (even if nonrefundable) are deferred and recognized over future periods as services are delivered or performed.
net revenues include the margin earned on computer hardware, software and related services resale contracts, as well as revenues from alliance agreements, neither of which is material to us. reimbursements include billings for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses and third-party costs, such as the cost of hardware, software and related services resales. in addition, reimbursements include allocations from gross billings to record an amount equivalent to reimbursable costs, where billings do not specifically identify reimbursable expenses. we report revenues net of any revenue-based taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transactions.
income taxes on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), which significantly changed u.s. tax law. the tax act lowered the u.s. statutory federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018, resulting in a blended u.s. statutory federal income tax rate of 25.7% for our fiscal year ended august 31, 2018. the tax act could modestly impact our ongoing effective tax rate by imposing taxes on our intercompany transactions and limiting our ability to deduct certain expenses.
due to the recent enactment and the complexity involved in applying the provisions of the tax act, we had previously recorded provisional amounts in our financial statements. in the three months ended february 28, 2018, we recognized a provisional tax expense of $136,724 primarily to remeasure our net deferred tax assets at the new, lower rates. in the three months ended may 31, 2018, we recorded an adjustment of $40,927 to our provisional tax expense resulting from our continued analysis of the tax act. while we now consider our analysis of these items under the tax act to be complete, we have not yet made an accounting policy election to consider the taxes on our intercompany transactions in determining the amount of our valuation allowance. the election may materially impact our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate in the period in which the election is made.
determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, income tax liabilities and deferred tax assets and liabilities involves judgment. deferred tax assets and liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates, are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax and financial statement bases of assets and liabilities. as a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. this involves estimating current tax exposures in each jurisdiction as well as making judgments regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets. tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized and adjust the valuation allowances accordingly. factors considered in making this determination include the period of expiration of the tax asset, planned use of the tax asset, tax planning strategies and historical and projected taxable income as well as tax liabilities for the tax jurisdiction in which the tax asset is located. valuation allowances will be subject to change in each future reporting period as a result of changes in one or more of these factors. changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual income before taxes can affect the overall effective tax rate.
we apply an estimated annual effective tax rate to our quarterly operating results to determine the interim provision for income tax expense. a change in judgment that impacts the measurement of a tax position taken in a prior year is recognized as a discrete item in the interim period in which the change occurs. in the event there is a significant unusual or infrequent item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is recorded in the interim period in which it occurs.
no taxes have been provided on undistributed foreign earnings that are planned to be indefinitely reinvested. if future events, including material changes in estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements, necessitate that these earnings be distributed, an additional provision for taxes may apply, which could materially affect our future effective tax rate. we currently do not foresee any event that would require us to distribute any remaining undistributed earnings. for additional information, see note 9 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
as a matter of course, we are regularly audited by various taxing authorities, and sometimes these audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. we establish tax liabilities or reduce tax assets when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are appropriate and supportable under local tax law, we believe we may not succeed in realizing the tax benefit of certain positions if challenged. in evaluating a tax position, we determine whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. our estimate of the ultimate tax liability contains assumptions based on past experiences, judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions as well as judgments about the likely outcome of issues that have been raised by taxing jurisdictions. the tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. we evaluate tax positions each quarter and adjust the related tax liabilities or assets in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or the expiration of a statute of limitations. we believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our evaluation of tax positions are reasonable. however, final determinations of prior-year tax liabilities, either by settlement with tax authorities or expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reflected in assets and liabilities and historical income tax provisions. the outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period in which that determination is made. we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately accounted for these positions.
revenues by segment/operating group our five reportable operating segments are our operating groups, which are communications, media & technology; financial services; health & public service; products; and resources. in addition to reporting net revenues by operating group, we also report net revenues by two types of work: consulting and outsourcing, which represent the services sold by our operating groups. consulting net revenues, which include strategy, management and technology consulting and systems integration, reflect a finite, distinct project or set of projects with a defined outcome and typically a defined set of specific deliverables. outsourcing net revenues typically reflect ongoing, repeatable services or capabilities provided to transition, run and/or manage operations of client systems or business functions.
from time to time, our operating groups work together to sell and implement certain contracts. the resulting revenues and costs from these contracts may be apportioned among the participating operating groups. generally, operating expenses for each operating group have similar characteristics and are subject to the same factors, pressures and challenges. however, the economic environment and its effects on the industries served by our operating groups affect revenues and operating expenses within our operating groups to differing degrees. the mix between consulting and outsourcing is not uniform among our operating groups. local currency fluctuations also tend to affect our operating groups differently, depending on the geographic concentrations and locations of their businesses.
while we provide discussion about our results of operations below, we cannot measure how much of our revenue growth in a particular period is attributable to changes in price or volume. management does not track standard measures of unit or rate volume. instead, our measures of volume and price are extremely complex, as each of our services contracts is unique, reflecting a customized mix of specific services that does not fit into standard comparability measurements. revenue for our services is a function of the nature of each service to be provided, the skills required and the outcome sought, as well as estimated cost, risk, contract terms and other factors.
(1)   effective september 1, 2017, we revised the reporting of our geographic regions as follows: north america (the united states and canada), europe and growth markets (asia pacific, latin america, africa and the middle east). four countries, including russia, were previously in growth markets, but are now included in europe. prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.
our business in the united states represented 43%, 45% and 46% of our consolidated net revenues during fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. no other country individually comprised 10% or more of our consolidated net revenues during these periods.
•   financial services net revenues increased 7% in local currency, driven by growth across all industry groups and geographic regions, led by banking &amp; capital markets in europe and growth markets.
•   north america net revenues increased 9% in local currency, driven by the united states.
•   europe net revenues increased 9% in local currency, driven by germany, italy, france, ireland and spain.
pension settlement charge we recorded a pension settlement charge of $510 million during fiscal 2017 as a result of the termination of our u.s. pension plan. for additional information, see note 10 (retirement and profit sharing plans) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
operating income and operating margin operating income for fiscal 2018 increased $1,208 million, or 26%, over fiscal 2017. the pension settlement charge decreased operating margin in fiscal 2017 by 150 basis points. excluding the effect of this charge, operating margin for fiscal 2018 was 14.8%, flat with fiscal 2017.
we estimate that the aggregate percentage impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operating income during fiscal 2018 was similar to that disclosed for net revenue. the commentary below provides insight into other factors affecting operating group performance and operating margin for fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017:
•   communications, media &amp; technology operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth and higher contract profitability.
•   health &amp; public service operating income decreased primarily due to lower consulting contract profitability.
•   products operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth, partially offset by lower consulting contract profitability.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net primarily consists of foreign currency gains and losses as well as gains and losses associated with our investments in privately held companies. during fiscal 2018, other expense increased $31 million over fiscal 2017, primarily due to higher net foreign exchange losses.
provision for income taxes the effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 was 27.4%, compared with 21.3% for fiscal 2017. in fiscal 2018, we recorded a $258 million charge associated with tax law changes. absent this charge, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 would have been 23.0%. absent the pension settlement charge of $510 million and related tax impact of $198 million, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 would have been 23.0%. for additional information, see note 9 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
in addition, as described in note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies), beginning in fiscal 2019 we will recognize incremental income tax expense as a result of adoption of asu 2016-16.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees have in our accenture holdings plc and accenture canada holdings inc. subsidiaries. see "business-organizational net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for fiscal 2018 decreased $35 million, or 18%, from fiscal 2017, primarily due to the accenture holdings plc merger with and into accenture plc on march 13, 2018, which decreased the non-controlling ownership percentage from 4% held by accenture holdings plc and accenture canada holdings inc. to less than 1% held by only accenture canada holdings inc. for additional information on the merger, see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8,"financial statements and supplementary data.".
earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $6.34 for fiscal 2018, compared with $5.44 for fiscal 2017. the $0.90 increase in our diluted earnings per share included the impact of the tax law changes, which decreased diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2018 by $0.40. the impact of the pension settlement charge, net of taxes, decreased diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2017 by $0.47. excluding these impacts, diluted earnings per share would have been $6.74 and $5.91 for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, an increase of $0.83. this increase was due to increases of $0.82 from higher revenues and operating results and $0.05 from lower weighted average shares outstanding, partially offset by decreases of $0.02 from lower non-operating income and $0.02 from higher net income attributable to non-controlling interest. for information regarding our earnings per share calculations, see note 2 (earnings per share) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
(1)   effective september 1, 2017, we revised the reporting of our geographic regions as follows: north america (the united states and canada), europe and growth markets (asia pacific, latin america, africa and the middle east). four countries, including russia, were previously in growth markets, but are now included in europe. prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.
•   financial services net revenues increased 7% in local currency, led by banking &amp; capital markets in europe and growth markets.
•   resources net revenues increased 1% in local currency, led by utilities in europe, partially offset by declines in energy across all geographic regions.
•   north america net revenues increased 4% in local currency, driven by the united states.
•   europe net revenues increased 8% in local currency, led by the united kingdom and germany, as well as france, spain and switzerland.
general and administrative costs general and administrative costs for fiscal 2017 increased $247 million, or 13%, over fiscal 2016, and increased as a percentage of net revenues to 6.1% from 5.7% during this period. the increase as a percentage of net revenues was principally due to higher technology and facilities costs, as well as higher acquisition-related costs.
pension settlement charge we recorded a pension settlement charge of $510 million during fiscal 2017 as a result of the termination of our u.s. pension plan. for additional information, see note 10 (retirement and profit sharing plans) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
operating income and operating margin operating income for fiscal 2017 decreased $178 million, or 4%, from fiscal 2016. the pension settlement charge decreased operating margin by 150 basis points. excluding the effect of this charge, operating margin for fiscal 2017 increased 20 basis points compared with fiscal 2016.
we estimate that the aggregate percentage impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operating income during fiscal 2017 was similar to that disclosed for net revenue. in addition, during fiscal 2017, each operating group experienced higher costs associated with acquisition activity. the commentary below provides insight into other factors affecting operating group performance and operating margin for fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016:
•   health &amp; public service operating income decreased primarily due to lower outsourcing contract profitability and a decline in consulting revenues.
•   products operating income increased principally due to very strong revenue growth, as well as higher consulting contract profitability.
•   resources operating income decreased due to lower consulting contract profitability and a decline in consulting revenue.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net primarily consists of foreign currency gains and losses as well as gains and losses associated with our investments in privately held companies. during fiscal 2017, other expense decreased $31 million from fiscal 2016, primarily due to lower net foreign exchange losses.
gain (loss) on sale of businesses we recorded a gain from the navitaire divestiture of $548 million and a gain from the duck creek partial divestiture of $301 million during fiscal 2016. for additional information, see note 5 (business combinations and divestitures) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
provision for income taxes the effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 was 21.3%, compared with 22.4% for fiscal 2016. absent the pension settlement charge of $510 million and related tax impact of $198 million, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 would have been 23.0%. absent the gain on sale of businesses of $849 million and related tax impact of $104 million, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 would have been 24.2%. the effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 benefited from the final determination of prior-year u.s. taxes, other adjustments to prior year tax liabilities, and the recognition of excess tax benefits from share based payments as a result of our adoption of asu no. 2016-09. this was partially offset by a net increase to prior-year non-u.s. tax liabilities, primarily related to a final assessment of prior-year taxes in switzerland. the fiscal 2016 effective tax rate also benefited from the final determination of prior-year u.s. taxes.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees have in accenture canada holdings inc., and prior to march 13, 2018, accenture holdings plc. see "business-organizational structure and history." net income attributable to accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of accenture plc. noncontrolling interests also includes amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our avanade inc. subsidiary.
earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $5.44 for fiscal 2017, compared with $6.45 for fiscal 2016. the $1.01 decrease in our diluted earnings per share included both the impact of the pension settlement charge, net of taxes, which decreased diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2017 by $0.47 and the impact of the gain on sale of businesses, net of taxes, which increased diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2016 by $1.11. excluding these impacts, diluted earnings per share would have been $5.91 and $5.34 for fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively, an increase of $0.57 due to increases of $0.38 from higher revenues and operating results, $0.09 from a lower effective tax rate, $0.06 from lower weighted average shares outstanding and $0.04 from lower non-operating expense. for information regarding our earnings per share calculations, see note 2 (earnings per share) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, available cash reserves and debt capacity available under various credit facilities. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, we entered into agreements that will allow us to establish a commercial paper program for short-term borrowings of up to $1.0 billion, backed by our syndicated loan facility. in addition, we could raise additional funds through other public or private debt or equity financings. we may use our available or additional funds to, among other things:
•   facilitate purchases, redemptions and exchanges of shares and pay dividends;
•   take advantage of opportunities, including more rapid expansion; or as of august 31, 2018, cash and cash equivalents were $5.1 billion, compared with $4.1 billion as of august 31, 2017.
cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in our consolidated cash flows statements, are summarized in the following table:
operating activities                                              $6,027              $4,973              $4,667                    $1,054
investing activities                                              (1,250   )          (2,234   )            (610   )   984
financing activities                                              (3,709   )          (3,560   )          (3,489   )                  (149        )
operating activities: the $1,054 million year-over-year increase in operating cash flow was due to higher net income and lower tax disbursements, as well as changes in operating assets and liabilities, including lower spending on certain compensation payments.
investing activities: cash used in investing activities decreased $984 million due to lower spending on business acquisitions and investments, partially offset by higher spending on property and equipment. for additional information, see note 5 (business combinations and divestitures) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
financing activities: the $149 million increase in cash used was primarily due to an increase in cash dividends paid as well as the purchase of additional interests in consolidated subsidiaries. for additional information, see note 13 (material transactions affecting shareholders' equity) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
we believe that our current and longer-term working capital, investments and other general corporate funding requirements will be satisfied for the next twelve months and thereafter through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from our borrowing facilities and future financial market activities.
substantially all of our cash is held in jurisdictions where there are no regulatory restrictions or material tax effects on the free flow of funds. in addition, domestic cash inflows for our irish parent, principally dividend distributions from lower-tier subsidiaries, have been sufficient to meet our historic cash requirements, and we expect this to continue into the future.
borrowing facilities see note 8 (borrowings and indebtedness) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
share purchases and redemptions we intend to continue to use a significant portion of cash generated from operations for share repurchases during fiscal 2019. the number of shares ultimately repurchased under our open-market share purchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including, without limitation, share price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, the levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic and/or business conditions, and board and management discretion. additionally, as these factors may change over the course of the year, the amount of share repurchase activity during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time. share repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases, in respect of purchases and redemptions of accenture canada holdings inc. exchangeable shares, through the use of rule 10b5-1 plans and/or by other means. the repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time, without notice. for additional information, see note 13 (material transactions affecting shareholders' equity) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
subsequent events see note 13 (material transactions affecting shareholders' equity) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
obligations and commitments as of august 31, 2018, we had the following obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts, contractual obligations and commercial commitments:
purchase obligations and other commitments (3)             184                  64         97                               23             -
(1)   the liability related to unrecognized tax benefits has been excluded from the contractual obligations table because a reasonable estimate of the timing and amount of cash outflows from future tax settlements cannot be determined. for additional information, see note 9 (income taxes) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
(2)   amounts represent projected payments under certain unfunded retirement plans for former pre-incorporation partners. given these plans are unfunded, we pay these benefits directly. these plans were eliminated for active partners after may 15, 2001.
(3)   other commitments include, among other things, information technology, software support and maintenance obligations, as well as other obligations in the ordinary course of business that we cannot cancel or where we would be required to pay a termination fee in the event of cancellation. amounts shown do not include recourse that we may have to recover termination fees or penalties from clients.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business and in conjunction with some client engagements, we have entered into contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters. to date, we have not been required to make any significant payment under any of these arrangements. for further discussion of these transactions, see note 15 (commitments and contingencies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to our consolidated financial statements under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."