item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, the changes in our financial condition and our results of operations. our discussion is organized as follows:
•   overview. this section contains background information on our company and the services and products that we provide, acquisitions and dispositions, our enterprise priorities, and the trends affecting our industry in order to provide context for management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations.
•   critical accounting policies and estimates. this section contains a discussion of the accounting policies that we believe are important to our financial condition and results of operations and that require judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. in addition, all of our significant accounting policies, including critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
•   results of operations. this section contains an analysis of our results of operations presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of income by comparing the results for the year ended december 31, 2018 to the results for the year ended december 31, 2017 and by comparing the results for the year ended december 31, 2017 to the results for the year ended december 31, 2016.
•   liquidity and capital resources. this section provides an analysis of our cash flows and a discussion of our outstanding debt and commitments at december 31, 2018.
overview company background we are a leading global provider of financial services technology. we provide account processing systems, electronic payments processing products and services, internet and mobile banking systems, and related services. we serve over 12,000 clients worldwide, including banks, credit unions, investment management firms, leasing and finance companies, billers, retailers, and merchants. the majority of our revenue is generated from recurring account- and transaction-based fees under contracts that generally have terms of three to five years and high renewal rates. most of the services we provide are necessary for our clients to operate their businesses and are, therefore, non-discretionary in nature.
our operations are principally located in the united states and are comprised of the payments and industry products ("payments") segment and the financial institution services ("financial") segment. the payments segment primarily provides electronic bill payment and presentment services, internet and mobile banking software and services, account-to-account transfers, person-to-person payment services, debit and credit card processing and services, payments infrastructure services, and other electronic payments software and services. our businesses in this segment also provide card and print personalization services, investment account processing services for separately managed accounts, and fraud and risk management products and services. the financial segment provides financial institutions with account processing services, item processing and source capture services, loan origination and servicing products, cash management and consulting services, and other products and services that support numerous types of financial transactions. corporate and other primarily consists of intercompany eliminations, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, unallocated corporate expenses and other activities that are not considered when management evaluates segment performance, such as gains on sales of businesses and associated transition services.
on february 21, 2018, our board of directors declared a two-for-one stock split of our common stock and a proportionate increase in the number of our authorized shares of common stock. the additional shares were distributed on march 19, 2018 to shareholders of record at the close of business on march 5, 2018. our common stock began trading at the split-adjusted price on march 20, 2018. all share and per share amounts are retroactively presented on a split-adjusted basis.
acquisitions and dispositions we frequently review our portfolio to ensure we have the right set of businesses to execute on our strategy. we expect to acquire businesses when we identify: a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service or technology that helps meet client demand; an opportunity to change industry dynamics; a way to achieve business scale; or similar considerations. we expect to divest businesses that are not in line with our market, product or financial strategies.
on january 16, 2019, we announced that we had entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire first data in an all-stock transaction for an equity value of approximately $22 billion as of the announcement. the transaction is expected to close during the second half of 2019, subject to customary closing conditions, regulatory approvals and shareholder approval for both companies. first data is a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions for merchants, financial institutions, and card issuers.
on october 31, 2018, we acquired the debit card processing, atm managed services, and money pass® surcharge-free network of elan financial services, a unit of u.s. bancorp, for approximately $660 million including estimated post-closing working capital adjustments, contingent consideration related to earn-out provisions and future payments under a transition services agreement in excess of fair value. this acquisition, included within the payments segment, deepens our presence in debit card processing, broadens our client reach and scale, and provides new solutions to enhance the value proposition for our existing debit solution clients.
during 2017, we completed four acquisitions for an aggregate purchase price of $384 million, net of acquired cash, along with earn-out provisions. in january 2017, we completed our acquisition of online banking solutions, inc. ("obs"), a provider of cash management and digital business banking solutions that complement and enrich our existing solutions. in july 2017, we acquired the assets of pclender, llc ("pclender"), a leader in internet-based mortgage software and mortgage lending technology solutions. the obs and pclender acquisitions are included in the financial segment as their products are integrated across a number of our account processing solutions and will enable our bank and credit union clients to better serve their commercial and mortgage customers. in august 2017, we acquired dovetail group limited ("dovetail"), a leading provider of bank payments and liquidity management solutions. in september 2017, we completed our acquisition of monitise plc ("monitise"), a provider of digital solutions that enables innovative digital banking experiences for leading financial institutions worldwide. the dovetail and monitise acquisitions are included in the payments segment and are expected to further enable us to help financial institutions around the world transform their payments infrastructure and to expand our digital leadership, respectively.
in 2016, we acquired the convenience pay services business of hewlett packard enterprise company and completed our purchase of the community financial services business of aci worldwide, inc. for an aggregate purchase price of $265 million. these acquisitions expand our biller solution offerings and enhance our suite of digital banking and payments solutions, and are included in the payments segment.
in march 2018, we sold a 55% interest of our lending solutions business, which was reported within the financial segment, retaining 45% ownership interests in two joint ventures (the "lending joint ventures"). in conjunction with this transaction, we entered into transition services agreements to provide, at fair value, various administration, business process outsourcing, technical and data center related services for defined periods to the lending joint ventures. we received gross sale proceeds of $419 million from the transactions. in addition, in january 2018, we completed the sale of the retail voucher business acquired in our 2017 acquisition of monitise for proceeds of £37 million ($50 million), and in may 2017, we sold our australian item processing business, which was reported within the financial segment, for approximately $17 million.
during 2017, stoneriver group, l.p. ("stoneriver"), a joint venture in which we own a 49% interest and account for under the equity method, recognized a net gain on the sale of a business, and in 2016, recognized a net gain on the sale of a business interest. our pre-tax share of the net gains and related expenses on these transactions was $26 million in 2017 and $146 million in 2016, with related tax expenses of $9 million and $54 million, respectively. in addition, we received cash dividends of $2 million, $45 million and $151 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, from stoneriver, which were funded from the sale transactions.
enterprise priorities we continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to move money and information in a way that moves the world. these strategic initiatives include active portfolio management of our businesses, enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, being disciplined in our allocation of capital, and differentiating our products and services through innovation. our key enterprise priorities for 2019 are to: (i) continue to build high-quality revenue while meeting our earnings goals; (ii) enhance client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions; and (iii) deliver innovation and integration which enables differentiated value for our clients. we also expect to devote significant resources to completing the first data merger and, subject to closing, to integrating first data into our operations.
industry trends the market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly. the traditional financial industry and other market entrants regularly introduce and implement new payment, deposit, risk management, lending, and investment products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. at the same time, the evolving regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has continued to create a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. for example, legislation such as the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act has generated, and may continue to generate, new regulations impacting the financial industry. these conditions are driving heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate incremental revenue, comply with regulations and enhance operating efficiency. examples of these solutions include electronic payments and delivery methods such as internet, mobile and tablet banking, sometimes referred to as "digital channels."
the focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers, as well as the growing volume and types of payment transactions in the marketplace, continues to elevate the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. we expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. we anticipate that we will benefit over the long term from the trend of financial institutions moving from in-house technology to outsourced solutions as they seek to remain current on technology changes in an evolving marketplace. we believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments, and we anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us.
in addition to the trends described above, the financial institutions marketplace has experienced change in composition as well. during the past 25 years, the number of financial institutions in the united states has declined at a relatively steady rate of approximately 3% per year, primarily as a result of voluntary mergers and acquisitions. rather than reducing the overall market, these consolidations have transferred accounts among financial institutions. if a client loss occurs due to merger or acquisition, we receive a contract termination fee based on the size of the client and how early in the contract term the contract is terminated. these fees can vary from period to period. our revenue is diversified, and we have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model, with our 50 largest financial institution clients representing less than 25% of our annual revenue. our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. we believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. furthermore, we believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements, including for recently adopted accounting pronouncements, and base our estimates on historical experience and assumptions that we believe are reasonable in light of current circumstances. actual amounts and results could differ materially from these estimates.
acquisitions from time to time, we make strategic acquisitions that may have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their estimated fair values. the estimates used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgments. we use information available to us to make fair value determinations and engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired long-lived assets. while we use our best estimates and assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of income. we are also required to estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the amount of acquisition-related intangible asset amortization expense to record in future periods. we periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate.
goodwill and acquired intangible assets we review the carrying value of goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill is tested for impairment at a reporting unit level, determined to be at an operating segment level or one level below. when reviewing goodwill for impairment, we consider the amount of excess fair value over the carrying value of each reporting unit, the period of time since a reporting unit's last quantitative test, the extent a reorganization or disposition changes the composition of one or more of our reporting units, and other factors to determine whether or not to first perform a qualitative test. when performing a qualitative test, we assess numerous factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units are less than their respective carrying values. examples of qualitative factors that we assess include our share price, our financial performance, market and competitive factors in our industry, and other events specific to our reporting units. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a quantitative impairment test.
the quantitative impairment test compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, and recognizes an impairment loss for the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, without exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. we determine the fair value of a reporting unit based primarily on the present value of estimated future cash flows. determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding the revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, and future economic and market conditions.
our most recent impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of 2018 determined that our goodwill was not impaired as the estimated fair values of the respective reporting units substantially exceeded the carrying values.
we review acquired intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. recoverability is assessed by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. measurement of any impairment loss is based on estimated fair value. given the significance of our goodwill and intangible asset balances, an adverse change in fair value could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition we generate revenue from the delivery of processing, service and product solutions. revenue is measured based on consideration specified in a contract with a customer, and excludes any amounts collected on behalf of third parties. we recognize revenue when we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer which may be at a point in time or over time. as a practical expedient, we do not adjust the transaction price for the effects of a significant financing component if, at contract inception, the period between customer payment and the transfer of goods or services is expected to be one year or less. contracts with customers are evaluated on a contract-by-contract basis as contracts may include multiple types of goods and services as described below.
processing and services processing and services revenue is generated from account- and transaction-based fees for data processing, transaction processing, electronic billing and payment services, electronic funds transfer and debit processing services; consulting and professional services; and software maintenance for ongoing client support.
we recognize processing and services revenues in the period in which the specific service is performed unless they are not deemed distinct from other goods or services in which revenue would then be recognized as control is transferred of the combined goods and services. our arrangements for processing and services typically consist of an obligation to provide specific services to our customers on a when and if needed basis (a stand-ready obligation) and revenue is recognized from the satisfaction of the performance obligations in the amount billable to the customer. these services are typically provided under a fixed or declining (tier-based) price per unit based on volume of service; however, pricing for services may also be based on minimum monthly usage fees. fees for our processing and services arrangements are typically billed and paid on a monthly basis.
product product revenue is generated from integrated print and card production sales, as well as software license sales. for software license agreements that are distinct, we recognize software license revenue upon delivery, assuming a contract is deemed to exist. revenue for arrangements with customers that include significant customization, modification or production of software such that the software is not distinct is typically recognized over time based upon efforts expended, such as labor hours, to measure progress towards completion. for arrangements involving hosted licensed software for the customer, a software element is considered present to the extent the customer has the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty and it is feasible for the customer to either operate the software on their own hardware or contract with another vendor to host the software.
significant judgments we use the following methods, inputs, and assumptions in determining amounts of revenue to recognize. for multi-element arrangements, we account for individual goods or services as a separate performance obligation if they are distinct, the good or service is separately identifiable from other items in the arrangement, and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. if these criteria are not met, the promised goods or services are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. determining whether goods or services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment.
technology or service components from third parties are frequently embedded in or combined with our applications or service offerings. whether we recognize revenue based on the gross amount billed to a customer or the net amount retained involves judgment that depends on the relevant facts and circumstances including the level of contractual responsibilities and obligations for delivering solutions to end customers.
the transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for transferring products or services to the customer. we include any fixed charges within our contracts as part of the total transaction price. to the extent that variable consideration is not constrained, we include an estimate of the variable amount, as appropriate, within the total transaction price and update our assumptions over the duration of the contract. we may constrain the estimated transaction price in the event of a high degree of uncertainty as to the final consideration amount owed because of an extended length of time over which the fees may be adjusted. the transaction price (including any discounts) is allocated between separate goods and services in a multi-element arrangement based on their relative standalone selling prices. for items that are not sold separately, we estimate the standalone selling prices using available information such as market conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines. significant judgment may be required to determine standalone selling prices for each performance obligation and whether it depicts the amount we expect to receive in exchange for the related good or service.
contract modifications occur when we and our customers agree to modify existing customer contracts to change the scope or price (or both) of the contract or when a customer terminates some, or all, of the existing services provided by us. when a contract modification occurs, it requires us to exercise judgment to determine if the modification should be accounted for as:(i) a separate contract, (ii) the termination of the original contract and creation of a new contract, or (iii) a cumulative catch up adjustment to the original contract. further, contract modifications require the identification and evaluation of the performance obligations of the modified contract, including the allocation of revenue to the remaining performance obligations and the period of recognition for each identified performance obligation.
additional information about our revenue recognition policies is included within note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
processing and services processing and services revenue, which in 2018 represented 85% of our total revenue, is primarily generated from account- and transaction-based fees under contracts that generally have terms of three to five years. processing and services revenue is most reflective of our business performance as a significant amount of our total operating profit is generated by these services. cost of processing and services includes costs directly associated with providing services to clients and includes the following: personnel; equipment and data communication; infrastructure costs, including costs to maintain software applications; client support; depreciation and amortization; and other operating expenses.
product product revenue, which in 2018 represented 15% of our total revenue, is primarily derived from integrated print and card production sales, as well as software license sales. cost of product includes costs directly associated with the products sold and includes the following: costs of materials and software development; personnel; infrastructure costs; depreciation and amortization; and other costs directly associated with product revenue.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of: salaries, wages, commissions and related expenses paid to sales personnel, administrative employees and management; advertising and promotional costs; depreciation and amortization; and other selling and administrative expenses.
financial results the following table presents certain amounts included in our consolidated statements of income, the relative percentage that those amounts represent to revenue and the change in those amounts from year to year. this information should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
processing and services                                                                                             $4,975              $4,833              $4,625            85.4     %         84.8     %         84.0     %          $142               3    %          $208               4    %
cost of processing and services                                                                                      2,324               2,291               2,212            46.7     %         47.4     %         47.8     %            33               1    %            79               4    %
gain on sale of businesses                                                                                            (227   )             (10   )               -            (3.9    )%         (0.2    )%            -                 217             n/m                 10             n/m total expenses                                                                                                       4,070               4,164               4,060            69.9     %         73.1     %         73.8     %           (94    )         (2   )%           104               3    %
non-operating income (loss)                                                                                              9                   2                  (7   )         0.2     %            -               (0.1    )%             7             n/m                  9             n/m income from continuing operations before income taxes and income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates      $1,555              $1,358              $1,275            26.7     %         23.8     %         23.2     %          $197              15    %           $83               7    %
(1)   percentage of revenue is calculated as the relevant revenue, expense, income or loss amount divided by total revenue, except for cost of processing and services and cost of product amounts which are divided by the related component of revenue.
(in millions)               payments                  financial         corporateand other                     total year ended december 31, total revenue:
revenue in our payments segment increased $233 million, or 7%, in 2018 and increased $144 million, or 5%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. revenue from acquired businesses contributed 2% and 1% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, to payments segment revenue growth. revenue growth at our card services business contributed approximately 2% and 2.5% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, to the payments segment revenue growth largely due to increased transaction volumes. increased volumes also drove revenue growth contributions of 1% in both 2018 and 2017 from our electronic payments business and 1% in 2018 from our biller solutions business.
revenue in our financial segment decreased $135 million, or 5%, in 2018 and increased $53 million, or 2%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. dispositions, including the lending solutions business, reduced financial segment revenue growth by 9% in 2018 and 1% in 2017 compared to the prior years. partially offsetting the decline in 2018, our account processing businesses contributed 2.5% of revenue growth to the financial segment. our lending solutions business contributed approximately 2% to the financial segment revenue growth in 2017, driven by increased volumes.
revenue at corporate and other increased $29 million in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to transition services revenue from the lending joint ventures. revenue at corporate and other was relatively consistent in 2017 and 2016.
total expenses total expenses decreased $94 million, or 2%, in 2018 and increased $104 million, or 3%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. total expenses as a percentage of total revenue was 69.9%, 73.1% and 73.8% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. total expenses and total expenses as a percentage of total revenue were reduced by the $227 million gain on sale of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business in 2018 and by the $10 million gain on sale of our australian item processing business in 2017.
cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue was 46.7%, 47.4% and 47.8% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue was favorably impacted by operating leverage in our recurring revenue businesses in both 2018 and 2017. in 2018, this included improvements of approximately 80 basis points from scalable revenue growth in our payments segment, and approximately 60 basis points from our account processing businesses driven by product mix and expense management. cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue improvement in 2018 was partially offset by approximately 50 basis points from client-focused incremental investments.
cost of product as a percentage of product revenue was 87.9% in 2018 and was consistent at 84.9% in 2017 and 2016. cost of product as a percentage of product revenue in 2018 was largely impacted by additional expenses associated with product development, as well as by approximately 130 basis points due to a decrease in higher-margin software license revenue.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue was 21.1%, 20.2% and 20.0% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the disposition of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business negatively impacted selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue in 2018 by approximately 50 basis points. increased costs associated with acquisitions negatively impacted selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue by approximately 30 basis points in 2018 and 40 basis points in 2017 compared to the prior years.
the gain on sale of businesses of $227 million in 2018 and $10 million in 2017 resulted from the sales of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business and our australian item processing business, respectively.
operating income in our payments segment increased $88 million, or 9%, in 2018 and increased $91 million, or 10%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. operating margin was 32.3%, 32.0% and 30.5% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, increasing 30 basis points in 2018 and 150 basis points in 2017. scalable revenue growth positively impacted payments segment operating margin by approximately 120 basis points and 200 basis points in 2018 and 2017, respectively. payments segment operating margin improvement was partially offset by 30 basis points in 2018 and 50 basis points in 2017 as a result of acquisitions, and by approximately 50 basis points in 2018 from client-focused incremental investments.
operating income in our financial segment decreased $51 million, or 6%, in 2018 and increased $26 million, or 3%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. operating margin was 33.3%, 33.5% and 33.2% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, decreasing 20 basis points in 2018 and increasing 30 basis points in 2017. financial segment operating margin in 2018 was reduced by approximately 130 basis points due to the disposition of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business and 20 basis points from client-focused incremental investments, partially offset by contributions of approximately 130 basis points from our account processing businesses related to product mix and expense management. financial segment operating margin in 2017 was positively impacted by approximately 70 basis points from scalable revenue growth, partially offset by 30 basis points from increased expenses associated with incremental investments in innovation-based solutions.
the operating loss in corporate and other decreased $184 million in 2018 and increased $30 million in 2017 compared to the prior years. corporate and other was favorably impacted by gains of $227 million and $10 million from the sales of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business in 2018 and our australian item processing business in 2017, respectively. the operating loss in corporate and other in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily impacted by increased professional services expenses for data center consolidation and acquisition integration activities. the operating loss increase in 2017 was primarily attributable to increased acquisition and related integration costs of $12 million and increased employee benefit expenses, including severance, of $20 million.
loss on early debt extinguishment in 2018, we completed a cash tender offer for and redemption of our $450 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior notes due october 2020, which resulted in a pre-tax loss on early debt extinguishment of $14 million.
non-operating income in 2018 includes $4 million of interest income and $5 million related to the fulfillment of our stand-ready obligations to perform over the term of the lending joint ventures debt guarantees and the associated release from risk. non-operating income of $2 million in 2017 was primarily attributable to an unrealized gain on a foreign currency hedge related to our monitise acquisition. the non-operating loss in 2016 was attributable to a non-cash write-off of a $7 million cost-method investment.
income tax provision income tax provision as a percentage of income from continuing operations before income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates was 24.3%, 11.6% and 38.6% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the rate in 2018 was impacted by the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), as further described below, which reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent. the rate in 2017 decreased by 20.3% attributable to the tax act, and by 3.6% attributable to excess tax benefits from share-based compensation awards recognized as a reduction in the income tax provision as a result of the 2017 adoption of accounting standards update 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act. the tax act made broad changes to the u.s. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent beginning in 2018; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time transition tax on certain un-repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries; (3) generally eliminating u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) requiring u.s. federal taxable income to include certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations; and (5) creating a new limitation on deductible interest expense. the provisions of the tax act decreased our 2017 effective tax rate by 20.3%, primarily due to the re-evaluation of the net deferred tax liability to reflect the lower federal tax rate of 21 percent.
income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates our share of net income from the lending joint ventures and stoneriver is reported as income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates and the related tax expense is reported within the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income. income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates of $10 million in 2018 was primarily comprised of our share of earnings from the lending joint ventures. during 2017, stoneriver recognized a net gain on the sale of a business, and in 2016, recognized a net gain on the sale of a business interest, resulting in our share of stoneriver income of $32 million and $147 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
income from discontinued operations income from discontinued operations in 2017 included a litigation settlement related to a prior disposition of $19 million, net of income tax of $7 million, and earnings related to an acquired business held for sale.
net income per share - diluted from continuing operations net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was $2.87, $2.86 and $2.08 in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. net income per share-diluted from continuing operations in 2018 was favorably impacted by a gain of $0.37 per share on the sale of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business. net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was favorably impacted by discrete income tax benefits associated with the tax act of $0.64 per share in 2017 and from our share of net investment gains, primarily from stoneriver capital transactions, of $0.05 and $0.20 per share in 2017 and 2016, respectively. net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was negatively impacted in 2018, 2017 and 2016 by merger and integration costs of $0.17, $0.11 and $0.08 per share, respectively. the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets also liquidity and capital resources general our primary liquidity needs in the ordinary course of business are: (i) to fund normal operating expenses; (ii) to meet the interest and principal requirements of our outstanding indebtedness; and (iii) to fund capital expenditures and operating lease payments. we believe these needs will be satisfied using cash flow generated by our operations, along with our cash and cash equivalents of $415 million and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility of $850 million at december 31, 2018. see below under "first data acquisition financing" for a description of our planned financing to fund the first data acquisition. the following table summarizes our operating cash flow and capital expenditure amounts for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
gain on sale of businesses                                  (227     )               (10     )            (217     )
income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates         (10     )               (32     )              22
net changes in working capital and other                    (179     )               (30     )            (149     )
capital expenditures                                        $360                    $287                   $73         25          %
our net cash provided by operating activities, or operating cash flow, was $1.55 billion in 2018, an increase of 5% compared to $1.48 billion in 2017. this increase was primarily due to improved operating results, partially offset by an approximate $30 million impact of accounts receivable timing, other working capital fluctuations including a $23 million tax payment resulting from new guidance issued by the internal revenue service regarding the tax act, and $43 million of lower cash dividends received from stoneriver. the dividends received in 2018 and 2017 represented returns on our investment and are reported in cash flows from operating activities.
our current policy is to use our operating cash flow primarily to fund capital expenditures, for share repurchases (after the closing of the first data acquisition), and acquisitions, and to repay debt rather than to pay dividends. our capital expenditures were approximately 6% and 5% of our total revenue in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
share repurchases we purchased $1.91 billion and $1.17 billion of our common stock in 2018 and 2017, respectively. on each of november 16, 2016 and august 8, 2018, our board of directors authorized the purchase of up to 30.0 million shares of our common stock. as of december 31, 2018, we had approximately 26.0 million shares remaining under these authorizations. shares repurchased are generally held for issuance in connection with our equity plans. we deferred share repurchases as of january 16, 2019 until the close of the first data acquisition, as described below, which is expected to occur during the second half of 2019, subject to customary closing conditions, regulatory approvals and shareholder approval for both companies.
acquisitions and dispositions on january 16, 2019, we announced that we had entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire first data in an all-stock transaction for an equity value of approximately $22 billion as of the announcement. the transaction is expected to close during the second half of 2019, subject to customary closing conditions, regulatory approvals and shareholder approval for both companies. first data is a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions for merchants, financial institutions, and card issuers.
on october 31, 2018, we acquired the debit card processing, atm managed services, and money pass® surcharge-free network of elan financial services, a unit of u.s. bancorp, for approximately $660 million including estimated post-closing working capital adjustments, contingent consideration related to earn-out provisions and future payments under a transition services agreement in excess of fair value. we funded this acquisition by utilizing existing availability under our revolving credit facility.
we completed four acquisitions in 2017 for an aggregate purchase price of $384 million, net of acquired cash, and two acquisitions in 2016 for an aggregate purchase price of $265 million. we funded these acquisitions by utilizing a combination of available cash and existing availability under our revolving credit facility.
during 2018, we sold a 55% interest of our lending solutions business, retaining 45% ownership interests in two joint ventures. we received gross sale proceeds of $419 million from the transactions. in addition, we completed the sale of the retail voucher business acquired in our 2017 acquisition of monitise for proceeds of £37 million ($50 million). in 2017, we sold our australian item processing business for approximately $17 million.
revolving credit facility      $1,129              $1,068
total debt (including current maturities)      $5,959              $4,900
at december 31, 2018, our debt consisted primarily of $4.8 billion of fixed-rate senior notes and $1.1 billion of revolving credit facility borrowings. interest on our senior notes is paid semi-annually. we were in compliance with all financial debt covenants during 2018. additional information about our debt structure and associated instruments is included in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
revolving credit facility in september 2018, we entered into an amended and restated revolving credit agreement that restated our existing $2.0 billion revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks and extended its maturity from april 2020 to september 2023. borrowings under the amended and restated revolving credit facility continue to bear interest at a variable rate based on libor or on a base rate, plus in each case a specified margin based on our long-term debt rating in effect from time to time. there are no significant commitment fees and no compensating balance requirements. the amended and restated revolving credit facility contains various restrictions and covenants that require us, among other things, to (1) limit our consolidated indebtedness as of the end of each fiscal quarter to no more than three and one-half times our consolidated net earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, non-cash charges and expenses and certain other adjustments ("ebitda") during the period of four fiscal quarters then ended, subject to certain exceptions, and (2) maintain ebitda of at least three times our consolidated interest expense as of the end of each fiscal quarter for the period of four fiscal quarters then ended. on february 6, 2019, we entered into an amendment to the amended and restated revolving credit facility to (1) amend the maximum leverage ratio covenant to permit us to elect to increase the permitted maximum leverage ratio from three and one-half times our ebitda to either four times or four and one-half times our ebitda for a specified period following certain acquisitions and (2) permit us to make drawings under the revolving credit facility on the closing date of our acquisition of first data subject to only limited conditions.
on february 15, 2019, we entered into a second amendment to our existing revolving credit agreement in order to increase the aggregate commitments available thereunder by $1.5 billion and to make certain additional amendments to facilitate the operation of the combined business following the merger. the increased commitments and additional amendments will become effective upon the satisfaction or waiver of conditions that are substantially similar to the conditions to funding under the term loan facility described under "first data acquisition financing" below.
senior notes in september 2018, we completed an offering of $2.0 billion of senior notes comprised of $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.8% senior notes due in october 2023 and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.2% senior notes due in october 2028. the notes pay interest semi-annually on april 1 and october 1, commencing on april 1, 2019. the interest rate applicable to these notes is subject to an increase of up to two percent in the event that the credit rating assigned to such notes is downgraded below investment grade. the indentures governing the senior notes contain covenants that, among other matters, limit (1) our ability to consolidate or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to, another person, (2) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to create or assume liens, and (3) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to engage in sale and leaseback transactions.
we used the net proceeds from the offering described above to repay the outstanding principal balance of $540 million under our term loan and the outstanding borrowings under our amended and restated revolving credit facility totaling $1.1 billion. in addition, we commenced a cash tender offer in september 2018 for any and all of our outstanding $450 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior notes due october 2020. upon expiration of the tender offer on september 26, 2018, $246 million was tendered and $253 million was paid to all holders of such tendered notes in october 2018. in october 2018, we also retired the remaining outstanding $204 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior notes.
debt guarantees in connection with the sale of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business in march 2018, we have guaranteed underlying debt of the lending joint ventures and do not anticipate that the lending joint ventures will fail to fulfill their debt obligations. this debt is comprised of variable-rate term loan facilities for an aggregate amount of $350 million in senior unsecured debt and variable-rate revolving credit facilities for an aggregate amount of $35 million with a syndicate of banks. these debt facilities mature in march 2023, and there are no outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facilities as of december 31, 2018. we have not made any payments under the guarantees, nor have we been called upon to do so.
first data acquisition financing in connection with the definitive merger agreement to acquire first data, on january 16, 2019, we entered into a bridge facility commitment letter pursuant to which a group of financial institutions committed to provide a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $17 billion for the purpose of refinancing certain indebtedness of first data and its subsidiaries on the closing date of the merger, making cash payments in lieu of fractional shares as part of the merger consideration, and paying fees and expenses related to the merger, the refinancing and the related transactions.
on february 15, 2019, we entered into a new term loan credit agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions pursuant to which such financial institutions have committed to provide us with a senior unsecured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $5.0 billion, consisting of $1.5 billion in commitments to provide loans with a three-year maturity and $3.5 billion in commitments to provide loans with a five-year maturity. the aggregate principal amount of the commitments under the term loan credit agreement have replaced a corresponding amount of the commitments in respect of the bridge facility in accordance with the terms of the bridge facility commitment letter. as a result, there are now $12.0 billion in bridge facility commitments remaining. we expect to replace these remaining commitments with permanent financing in the form of the issuance of debt securities prior to the closing of the merger.
the availability of loans under the term loan facility is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions that are substantially consistent with the conditions to the funding of the bridge facility, including (i) the closing of the merger substantially concurrently with the funding of such loans, (ii) the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to first data since january 16, 2019, (iii) the truth and accuracy in all material respects of certain representations and warranties, (iv) the receipt of certain certificates, and (v) the receipt of certain financial statements. loans drawn under the term loan facility will be subject to amortization at an annual rate of 5% for the first two years and 7.5% thereafter (with loans outstanding under the five-year tranche subject to amortization at an annual rate of 10% after the fourth anniversary of the commencement of amortization), with accrued and unpaid amortization amounts required to be paid on the last business day in december of each year. borrowings under the term loan facility will bear interest at variable rates based on libor or on a base rate plus, in each case, a specified margin based on our long-term debt rating in effect from time to time. we are also required to pay a ticking fee that will accrue on the aggregate undrawn commitments under the term loan facility at a per annum rate based upon our long-
term debt rating in effect from time to time. the term loan credit agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants, and events of default, that are substantially the same as those set forth in our existing revolving credit facility, as amended as described above.
other access to capital markets impacts our cost of capital, our ability to refinance maturing debt and our ability to fund future acquisitions. our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt securities, perception of our potential future earnings and the market price of our common stock. as of december 31, 2018, we had a corporate credit rating of baa2 with a stable outlook from moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's") and bbb with a stable outlook from standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") on our senior unsecured debt securities. such credit ratings were both affirmed in connection with our definitive merger agreement to acquire first data.
the interest rates payable on our senior notes and revolving credit facility are subject to adjustment from time to time if moody's or s&p changes the debt rating applicable to the notes. if the ratings from moody's or s&p decrease below investment grade, the per annum interest rates on the senior notes are subject to increase by up to two percent. in no event will the total increase in the per annum interest rates exceed two percent above the original interest rates, nor will the per annum interest rate be reduced below the original interest rate applicable to the senior notes.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we do not participate in, nor have we created, any off-balance sheet variable interest entities or other off-balance sheet financing. the following table details our contractual obligations at december 31, 2018:
(2)   the calculations assume that only mandatory debt repayments are made, no additional refinancing or lending occurs, and the variable rate on the revolving credit facility is priced at the rate in effect as of december 31, 2018.