item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
trends in our business the following trends have contributed to the results of our consolidated operations, and we anticipate that they will continue to affect our future results:
•users' behaviors and advertising continue to shift online as the digital economy evolves.
the continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, contributing to revenue growth, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business.
as interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs. over time, we expect our monetization trends to fluctuate. for example, we have seen an increase in youtube engagement ads, which monetize at a lower rate than traditional desktop search ads. additionally, we continue to see a shift to programmatic buying which presents opportunities for advertisers to connect with the right user, in the right moment, in the right context. programmatic buying has a different monetization profile than traditional advertising buying on google properties.
•users are increasingly using diverse devices and modalities to access our products and services, and our advertising revenues are increasingly coming from mobile and other new formats.
our users are accessing the internet via diverse devices and modalities and want to feel connected no matter where they are or what they are doing. we seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business.
we generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. accordingly, we expect tac paid to our distribution partners to increase due to changes in device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms, and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points. we expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins.
•as users in developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue to increase and movements in foreign exchange rates affect such revenues.
the shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the u.s., including in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. this has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time and we expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available.
our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. while we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings.
non-advertising revenues have grown over time. we expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our offerings to our users through products and services like google cloud, google play, hardware products, and youtube subscriptions. across these initiatives, we currently derive non-advertising revenues primarily from sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees including fees received for google cloud offerings. the margins on these non-advertising businesses vary significantly and may be lower than the margins on our advertising business. a number of our other bets initiatives are in their initial development stages, and as such, the sources of revenues from these businesses could change over time and the revenues could be volatile.
•as we continue to look for new ways to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in r&d and capital expenditures.
we continue to make significant r&d investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. our capital expenditures have grown over time. we expect this trend to continue in the long term as we invest heavily in data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure.
in addition, acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital, and we expect to continue to spend cash on acquisitions and other investments. these acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings, as well as expand our expertise in engineering and other functional areas.
•   our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them.
our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. we expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees.
executive overview of results below are our key financial results for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018 (consolidated unless otherwise noted):
•   google segment revenues of $136.2 billion with revenue growth of 23% year over year and other bets revenues of $595 million with revenue growth of 25% year over year.
•   revenues from the united states, emea, apac, and other americas were $63.3 billion, $44.6 billion, $21.4 billion, and $7.6 billion, respectively.
•   net income was $30.7 billion with diluted net income per share of $43.70.
•   capital expenditures were $25.1 billion.
information about segments we operate our business in multiple operating segments. google is our only reportable segment. none of our other segments meet the quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed as other bets.
•   google - google includes our main products such as ads, android, chrome, google cloud, google maps, google play, hardware (including nest), search, and youtube. our technical infrastructure is also included in google. google generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for google cloud offerings.
•   other bets - other bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. other bets includes businesses such as access, calico, capitalg, gv, verily, waymo, and x. revenues from the other bets are derived primarily through the sales of internet and tv services through access as well as licensing and r&amp;d services through verily.
in q1 2018, nest joined google's hardware team. consequently, the financial results of nest are reported in the google segment, with nest revenues reflected in google other revenues. prior period segment information has been recast to conform to the current period segment presentation. consolidated financial results are not affected.
please refer to note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
google network members' properties revenues      15,598                  17,587                  19,982
use of monetization metrics when assessing our advertising revenues performance, historically we presented the percentage change in the number of paid clicks and cost-per-click for both our google properties and our google network members' properties (network) revenues. as our impression-based revenues have become a more significant driver of network revenues growth, the percentage change in paid clicks and cost-per-click cover less of our total network revenues. as a result, in q1 2018, we transitioned our network revenue metrics from the percentage change in paid clicks and cost-per-click to the percentage change in impressions and cost-per-impression. click-based revenues generated by our network business are included in impression-based metrics, so that these metrics cover nearly all of our network business. the monetization metrics for google properties revenues remain unchanged.
paid clicks for our google properties represent engagement by users and include clicks on advertisements by end-users related to searches on google.com, clicks related to advertisements on other owned and operated properties including gmail, google maps, and google play; and viewed youtube engagement ads. impressions for our google network members' properties include impressions displayed to users served on google network members' properties participating primarily in admob, adsense for content, adsense for search, and google ad manager (includes what was formerly doubleclick adexchange).
cost-per-click is defined as click-driven revenues divided by our total number of paid clicks and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each engagement by users.
cost-per-impression is defined as impression-based and click-based revenues divided by our total number of impressions and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each impression displayed to users.
as our business evolves, we periodically review, refine and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number of paid clicks on our google properties and the number of impressions on google network members' properties and for identifying the revenues generated by click activity on our google properties and the revenues generated by impression activity on google network members' properties.
our advertising revenue growth, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on google properties and the change in impressions and cost-per-impression on google network members' properties and the correlation between these items, have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate because of various factors, including:
•   advertiser competition for keywords;
•   changes in advertising quality or formats;
•   changes in device mix;
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   fees advertisers are willing to pay based on how they manage their advertising costs;
•   general economic conditions;
•   growth rates of revenues within google properties;
•   seasonality; and
•   traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels.
our advertising revenue growth rate has fluctuated over time as a result of a number of factors, including challenges in maintaining our growth rate as revenues increase to higher levels, changes in our product mix, increasing competition, query growth rates, our investments in new business strategies, shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues, and the evolution of the online advertising market. we also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices and modalities, our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements in foreign currency exchange rates.
google properties the following table presents our google properties revenues (in millions), and changes in our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed as a percentage):
paid clicks change                                                                                   54    %               62    %
cost-per-click change                                                                               (21   )%              (25   )%
our google properties revenues increased $18,548 million from 2017 to 2018 and increased $14,003 million from 2016 to 2017. the growth during both periods was primarily driven by increases in mobile search resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, as well as continued growth in advertiser activity. we also experienced growth in youtube driven primarily by video advertising, as well as growth in desktop search due to improvements in ad formats and delivery. additionally, revenue growth from 2017 to 2018 was favorably affected by the general weakening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies. the growth from 2016 to 2017 was partially offset by the general strengthening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
the number of paid clicks through our advertising programs on google properties increased from 2017 to 2018 and from 2016 to 2017 due to growth in youtube engagement ads, increases in mobile search queries, improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery, and continued global expansion of our products, advertisers and user base. the positive effect on our revenues from an increase in paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers from 2017 to 2018 and from 2016 to 2017. the decreases in cost-per-click were primarily driven by continued growth in youtube engagement ads where cost-per-click remains lower than on our other advertising platforms. cost-per-click was also affected by changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product changes, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
google network members' properties the following table presents our google network members' properties revenues (in millions) and changes in our impressions and cost-per-impression (expressed as a percentage):
google network members' properties revenues                                                $15,598               $17,587               $19,982
google network members' properties revenues as a percentage of google segment revenues        17.3    %             15.9    %             14.7    %
impressions change                                                                                                     3    %                2    %
cost-per-impression change                                                                                             8    %               12    %
google network members' properties revenues consist primarily of advertising revenues generated from advertisements served on google network members' properties participating in:
•   adsense (such as adsense for content, adsense for search, etc.); and our google network members' properties revenues increased $2,395 million from 2017 to 2018. the growth was primarily driven by strength in both admob and programmatic advertising buying, offset by a decline in our traditional adsense businesses. additionally, the growth was favorably affected by the general weakening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
the increase in impressions from 2017 to 2018 resulted primarily from growth in admob offset by a decrease from adsense for content due to ongoing product changes. the increase in cost-per-impression was primarily due to ongoing product and policy changes and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery and was also affected by changes in device mix, geographic mix, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
our google network members' properties revenues increased $1,989 million from 2016 to 2017. the growth was primarily driven by strength in both programmatic advertising buying and admob, offset by a decline in our traditional adsense businesses and the general strengthening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
the increase in impressions from 2016 to 2017 resulted primarily from growth in programmatic advertising and admob, partially offset by a decrease from adsense for search. the increase in cost-per-impression from 2016 to 2017 was primarily due to ongoing product and policy changes and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery and was also affected by changes in device mix, geographic mix, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
•   apps, in-app purchases, and digital content in the google play store;
our other bets revenues increased $118 million from 2017 to 2018 and increased $189 million from 2016 to 2017. these increases were primarily driven by revenues from sales of access internet and tv services and revenues from verily licensing and r&d services.
revenues by geography the following table presents our revenues by geography as a percentage of revenues, determined based on the addresses of our customers:
united states    47   %         47    %        46    %
for the amounts of revenues by geography, please refer to note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
use of constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth the effect of currency exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period to period comparisons. our international revenues are favorably affected as the u.s. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably affected as the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. our international revenues are also favorably affected by net hedging gains and unfavorably affected by net hedging losses.
we use non-gaap constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. we believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis in addition to gaap results helps improve the ability to understand our performance because they exclude the effects of foreign currency volatility that are not indicative of our core operating results.
constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period over period. we define constant currency revenues as total revenues excluding the effect of foreign exchange rate movements and hedging activities, and use it to determine the constant currency revenue growth on a year-on-year basis. constant currency revenues are calculated by translating current period revenues using prior period exchange rates, as well as excluding any hedging effects realized in the current period.
constant currency revenue growth (expressed as a percentage) is calculated by determining the increase in current period revenues over prior period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior period exchange rates and hedging effects are excluded from revenues of both periods.
these results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with gaap. results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not a measure of performance presented in accordance with gaap.
the following table presents the foreign exchange effect on our international revenues and total revenues (in millions):
exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates       1,291                      (5    )             (1,325    )
exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates        (362    )                 26                     (49    )
exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates         344                    (148    )                404
united states revenues                                                                $42,781                 $52,449                 $63,269
united states revenue growth                                                                                       23    %                 21    %
our emea revenues and revenue growth from 2017 to 2018 were favorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the u.s. dollar weakening relative to the euro and british pound.
our apac revenues and revenue growth from 2017 to 2018 were favorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, as well as hedging benefits, primarily due to the u.s. dollar weakening relative to the japanese yen, offset by the u.s. dollar strengthening relative to the australian dollar.
our apac revenues and revenue growth from 2016 to 2017 were slightly affected by hedging benefits and changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the u.s. dollar strengthening relative to the japanese yen, offset by the u.s. dollar weakening relative to the australian dollar, indian rupee, south korean won, and taiwanese dollar.
our other americas revenues and revenue growth from 2017 to 2018 were unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the u.s. dollar strengthening relative to the brazilian real and argentine peso.
our other americas revenues and revenue growth from 2016 to 2017 were favorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the u.s. dollar weakening relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar, offset by the u.s. dollar strengthening relative to the argentine peso.
costs and expenses cost of revenues cost of revenues consists of tac which are paid to google network members primarily for ads displayed on their properties and amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.
the cost of revenues related to revenues generated from ads placed on google network members' properties are significantly higher than the cost of revenues related to revenues generated from ads placed on google properties because most of the advertiser revenues from ads served on google network members' properties are paid as tac to our google network members.
additionally, other cost of revenues (which is the cost of revenues excluding tac) includes the following:
•   content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distribution on youtube and google play (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated or a flat fee);
•   expenses associated with our data centers and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expenses (including stock-based compensation (sbc)), depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and
•   inventory related costs for hardware we sell.
tac to google network members                                                                                                  $10,899               $12,641               $14,154
tac to google network members as a percentage of google network members' properties revenues(1) (network members tac rate)        69.9    %             71.9    %             70.8    %
(1)   revenues include hedging gains (losses) which affect tac rates.
the increase in tac to distribution partners from 2017 to 2018 was a result of an increase in google properties revenues and the associated tac rate. the increase in the google properties tac rate was driven by changes in partner agreements and the ongoing shift to mobile, which carries higher tac because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. the increase in tac to google network members from 2017 to 2018 was a result of an increase in google network members' properties revenues offset by a decrease in the associated tac rate. the decrease in the network members tac rate was primarily due to a shift to lower tac products within programmatic advertising buying. the increase in the aggregate tac rate from 2017 to 2018 was a result of an increase in google properties tac rate, partially offset by a favorable revenue mix shift from google network members' properties to google properties.
other cost of revenues increased $8,912 million from 2017 to 2018. the increase was due to an increase in data center and other operations costs, which was affected by increased allocations primarily from general and administrative expenses; content acquisition costs as a result of increased activities related to youtube; and hardware costs associated with new hardware launches.
cost of revenues increased $10,445 million from 2016 to 2017. the increase was due to an increase in tac of $4,879 million. the increase in tac to distribution partners was a result of an increase in google properties revenues and the associated tac rate. the increase in tac to google network members was a result of an increase in google network members' properties revenues and the associated tac rate.
the increase in the google properties tac rate was driven by changes in partner agreements and the ongoing shift to mobile, which carries higher tac because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. the increase in the network members tac rate was driven by the continued underlying shift in advertising buying from our traditional network business to programmatic advertising buying. the increase in the aggregate tac rate was also partially offset by a favorable revenue mix shift from google network members' properties to google properties.
other cost of revenues increased $5,566 million from 2016 to 2017. the increase was due to various factors, including an increase in data center and other operations costs, which include depreciation, compensation expenses (including sbc), energy, bandwidth, and other equipment costs as a result of business growth; hardware costs associated with new hardware launches; and content acquisition costs as a result of increased activities related to youtube.
we expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors, including the following:
•   google network members tac rates, which are affected by a combination of factors such as geographic mix, product mix, revenue share terms, and fluctuations of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies;
•   google properties tac rates, which are affected by changes in device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms such as revenue share arrangements, and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points;
•   growth rates of expenses associated with our data centers and other operations, content acquisition costs, as well as our hardware inventory and related costs;
•   higher cost of revenues associated with the increased proportion of non-advertising revenues relative to our advertising revenues; and
•   relative revenue growth rates of google properties and our google network members' properties.
research and development the following table presents our r&d expenses (in millions):
research and development expenses                                 $13,948               $16,625               $21,419
research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues        15.5    %             15.0    %             15.7    %
•   compensation expenses (including sbc) and facilities-related costs for engineering and technical employees responsible for r&amp;d of our existing and new products and services;
r&d expenses increased $4,794 million from 2017 to 2018. the increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses (including sbc) and facilities-related costs of $3,518 million, largely resulting from a 24% increase in headcount. in addition, there was an increase in depreciation and equipment-related expenses of $499
million and $318 million, respectively, as well as an increase in professional services fees of $305 million due to additional expenses incurred for outsourced services and consulting.
r&d expenses increased $2,677 million from 2016 to 2017. the increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses (including sbc) and facilities-related costs of $1,886 million, largely resulting from a 16% increase in headcount. in addition, there was an increase in depreciation expenses of $323 million and equipment-related expenses of $246 million.
sales and marketing the following table presents our sales and marketing expenses (in millions):
sales and marketing expenses                                 $10,485               $12,893               $16,333
sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues        11.6    %             11.6    %             11.9    %
sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of:
•   advertising and promotional expenditures related to our products and services; and
•   compensation expenses (including sbc) and facilities-related costs for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions.
sales and marketing expenses increased $3,440 million from 2017 to 2018. the increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses (including sbc) and facilities-related costs of $1,418 million, largely resulting from a 12% increase in headcount. in addition, there was an increase in advertising and promotional expenses of $1,233 million, largely resulting from increases in marketing and promotion-related expenses for our cloud offerings and the google assistant.
sales and marketing expenses increased $2,408 million from 2016 to 2017. the increase was primarily due to an increase in advertising and promotional expenses of $1,266 million, largely resulting from increases in marketing and promotion-related expenses for our hardware products, cloud offerings, and youtube. in addition, there was an increase in compensation expenses (including sbc) and facilities-related costs of $853 million, largely resulting from a 6% increase in headcount.
we expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods.
•   compensation expenses (including sbc and accrued performance fees related to gains on securities) and facilities-related costs for employees in our facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, and legal organizations;
•   professional services fees primarily related to audit, information technology consulting, outside legal, and outsourcing services.
general and administrative expenses increased $1,254 million from 2017 to 2018. the increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses (including sbc) and facilities-related costs of $1,660 million, largely resulting from accrued performance fees primarily related to gains on equity securities. the increase was offset by reduced allocations (with a corresponding net increase primarily in cost of revenues).
general and administrative expenses decreased $113 million from 2016 to 2017. the decrease was primarily from reduced allocations to general and administrative expenses with an offsetting increase to cost of revenues and other operating expenses. the decrease was partially offset by an increase in compensation expenses (including sbc) and facilities-related costs of $271 million, largely resulting from a 9% increase in headcount. additionally, there was an increase in professional service fees of $253 million due to additional expenses incurred for outsourced services and consulting services.
european commission fines in june 2017, the ec announced its decision that certain actions taken by google regarding its display and ranking of shopping search results and ads infringed european competition law. the ec decision imposed a €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of june 27, 2017) fine, which was accrued in the second quarter of 2017.
in july 2018, the ec announced its decision that certain provisions in google's android-related distribution agreements infringed european competition law. the ec decision imposed a €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of june 30, 2018) fine, which was accrued in the second quarter of 2018.
please refer to note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
other income (expense), net, increased $7,545 million from 2017 to 2018. this increase was primarily driven by unrealized gains on equity securities resulting from the adoption of a new accounting standard and the modification of the terms of a non-marketable debt security resulting in a recognized unrealized gain.
other income (expense), net, increased $613 million from 2016 to 2017. this increase was primarily driven by reduced costs of our foreign currency hedging activities, decreased losses on marketable securities and an increase in interest income.
we expect other income (expense), net, will fluctuate in dollar amount and percentage of revenues in future periods as it is largely driven by market dynamics. beginning in 2018, changes in the value of marketable and non-marketable equity security investments are reflected in oi&e. equity values generally change daily for marketable equity securities and upon the occurrence of observable price changes or upon impairment of non-marketable equity securities. in addition, volatility in the global economic climate and financial markets could result in a significant change in the value of our equity securities. fluctuations in the value of these investments could contribute to the volatility of oi&e in future periods. for additional information about equity investments, please see note 1 and note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
provision for income taxes the following table presents our provision for income taxes (in millions) and effective tax rate:
provision for income taxes      $4,672               $14,531                $4,177
our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate decreased from 2017 to 2018, due to the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (tax act) which was enacted in december 2017. please refer to note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2016 to 2017, due to the effects of the tax act related to the one time-transition tax on accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject to u.s. income tax.
effective in 2018, the tax act reduces the u.s. statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% and creates new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party payments, which are referred to as the global intangible low-taxed income tax and the base erosion tax, respectively.
our future effective tax rate could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.
quarterly results of operations the following tables presenting our quarterly results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we have prepared the unaudited information on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements. our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters or for a full year.
the following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters ended december 31, 2018. this table includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that we consider necessary for a fair presentation of our consolidated financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. both seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures and underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our business. commercial queries typically increase significantly in the fourth quarter of each year. these seasonal trends have caused, and will likely continue to cause, fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates.
(in millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited)
consolidated statements of income data:
costs and expenses:
research and development                                                                          3,942                 4,172                 4,205                 4,306                5,039                5,114                5,232                6,034
sales and marketing                                                                               2,644                 2,897                 3,042                 4,310                3,604                3,780                3,849                5,100
total costs and expenses                                                                         18,182                21,878                19,990                24,659               24,145               29,850               25,430               31,073
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                             6,819                 4,377                 7,979                 8,018               10,543                4,215               10,083               10,072
provision for income taxes                                                                        1,393        853                            1,247                11,038                1,142                1,020        891                          1,124
basic net income (loss) per share of class a and b common stock and class c capital stock         $7.85                 $5.09                 $9.71                $(4.35    )          $13.53                $4.60               $13.21               $12.87
diluted net income (loss) per share of class a and b common stock and class c capital stock       $7.73                 $5.01                 $9.57                $(4.35    )          $13.33                $4.54               $13.06               $12.77
capital resources and liquidity as of december 31, 2018, we had $109.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. from time to time, we may hold marketable equity securities obtained through acquisitions or strategic investments in private companies that subsequently go public.
in december 2017, the tax act was enacted and resulted in a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings. after 2017, our foreign earnings held by foreign subsidiaries are no longer subject to u.s. tax upon repatriation to the u.s. as of december 31, 2018, the remaining long-term tax payable related to the tax act of $7.4 billion is presented within income tax payable, non-current on our consolidated balance sheets. as permitted by the tax act, we will pay the transition tax in annual interest-free installments through 2025.
during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2018, the ec announced decisions that certain actions taken by google infringed european competition law and imposed fines of €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of june 27, 2017) and €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of june 30, 2018), respectively. while under appeal, ec fines are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as we provided bank guarantees in lieu of a cash payment for the respective fines. please refer to note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from our operations. we have a short-term debt financing program of up to $5.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. we had no commercial paper outstanding as of december 31, 2018. we have $4.0 billion of revolving credit facilities expiring in july 2023 with no amounts outstanding. the interest rate for the credit facilities is determined based on a formula using certain market rates. we believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months.
as of december 31, 2018, we have senior unsecured notes outstanding due in 2021, 2024, and 2026 with a total carrying value of $4.0 billion.
in 2016 and 2018, the board of directors of alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to $7.0 billion and $8.6 billion of its class c capital stock, respectively. the 2016 authorization was completed in 2018. as of december 31, 2018, $1.7 billion remains available for repurchase. in january 2019, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $12.5 billion of our class c capital stock. the repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through rule 10b5-1 plans. the repurchase program does not have an expiration date. please refer to note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to stock repurchases.
net cash provided by operating activities   $36,036                 $37,091                 $47,971
net cash used in investing activities       $(31,165      )         $(31,401      )         $(28,504      )
net cash used in financing activities       $(8,332       )         $(8,298       )         $(13,179      )
cash provided by operating activities our largest source of cash provided by our operations are advertising revenues generated by google properties and google network members' properties. additionally, we generate cash through sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees including fees received for google cloud offerings.
our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our google network members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. in addition, uses of cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, hardware inventory costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes.
net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2017 to 2018 primarily due to increases in cash received from advertising revenues and google other revenues (net of payouts to app developers), offset by increases in cash paid for cost of revenues and operating expenses.
net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to increases in cash received from advertising revenues and google other revenues (net of payouts to app developers), offset by increases in cash paid for cost of revenues, operating expenses, and income taxes.
cash used in investing activities cash provided by or used in investing activities primarily consists of purchases of property and equipment; purchases, maturities, and sales of marketable and non-marketable securities; and payments for acquisitions.
net cash used in investing activities decreased from 2017 to 2018 primarily due to a decrease in purchases of marketable securities. the decrease was partially offset by higher investments in land and buildings for offices and data centers, as well as, servers to provide capacity for the growth of our businesses. generally, our investment in office facilities is driven by workforce needs; and our investment in data centers is driven by our compute and storage requirements and has a lead time of up to three years. further, the decrease was partially offset by an increase in payments for acquisitions and a decrease in maturities and sales of marketable securities.
net cash used in investing activities increased slightly from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to an increase in purchases of marketable securities and an increase in purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by an increase in the maturities and sales of marketable securities, a decrease in cash collateral paid related to securities lending, and an increase in proceeds received from collections of notes receivables.
cash used in financing activities cash provided by or used in financing activities consists primarily of net proceeds or payments from stock-based award activities, repurchases of capital stock, and net proceeds or payments from issuance or repayments of debt.
net cash used in financing activities increased from 2017 to 2018 primarily due to higher cash payments for repurchases of capital stock and stock-based award activities.
net cash used in financing activities decreased slightly from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to lower net cash payments from repayments and issuance of debt, partially offset by higher cash payments for repurchases of capital stock.
other long-term liabilities reflected on our balance sheet(5)        2,443                     341           638                            416                    1,048
(1)   for further information, refer to note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
(2)   represents non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related to information technology assets and data center operation costs; purchases of inventory; and digital media content licensing arrangements. the amounts included above represent the non-cancelable portion of agreements or the minimum cancellation fee. for those agreements with variable terms, we do not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing as of december 31, 2018. excluded from the table above are open orders for purchases that support normal operations.
(3)   represents our principal and interest payments. for further information on long-term debt, refer to note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
(4)   represents one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result of the tax act. for further information, refer to note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. excluded from the table above are long-term taxes payable of $3.9 billion as of december 31, 2018 primarily related to uncertain tax positions, for which we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes.
(5)   represents cash obligations recorded on our consolidated balance sheets, including the short-term portion of these long-term liabilities, primarily for the construction of offices and certain commercial agreements. these amounts do not include the ec fines which are classified as current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. for further information regarding the ec fines, refer to note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2018, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). in doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, gains and losses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. in some cases, we could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. in some cases, changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. to the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. we base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. we refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting policies and estimates, which we discuss further below. we have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors.
please see notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for a summary of significant accounting policies and the effect on our financial statements.
revenues for the sale of third-party goods and services, we evaluate whether we are the principal, and report revenues on a gross basis, or an agent, and report revenues on a net basis. in this assessment, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion in establishing price.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes.
although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made.
the provision for income taxes includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue services (irs) and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.
loss contingencies we are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, non-income taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. we record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. if we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the possible loss in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being, and the estimated amount of, a loss related to such matters. until the final resolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
long-lived assets long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. an impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated from the assets are less than their carrying amount. measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value.
valuation of non-marketable equity securities beginning on january 1, 2018, our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are carried either at fair value or under the measurement alternative upon the adoption of asu 2016-01. under the measurement alternative, the carrying value is measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. determining whether an observed transaction is similar to a security within our portfolio requires judgment based on the rights and obligations of the securities. recording upward and downward adjustments to the carrying value of our equity securities as a result of observable price changes requires quantitative assessments of the fair value of our securities using various valuation methodologies and involves the use of estimates.
non-marketable equity securities are also subject to periodic impairment reviews. our quarterly impairment analysis considers both qualitative and quantitative factors that may have a significant effect on the investment's fair value. qualitative factors considered include industry and market conditions, financial performance, business prospects, and other relevant events and factors. when indicators of impairment exist, we prepare quantitative assessments of the fair value of our equity investments using both the market and income approaches which require judgment and the use of estimates, including discount rates, investee revenues and costs, and comparable market data of private and public companies, among others. when our assessment indicates that an impairment exists, we measure our non-marketable securities at fair value.