item 1a / risk factors item 1a / risk factors investing in aig involves risk. in deciding whether to invest in aig, you should carefully consider the following risk factors. any of these risk factors could have a significant or material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. they could also cause significant fluctuations and volatility in the trading price of our securities. readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect aig. these factors should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this report and the other reports and materials filed by us with the securities and exchange commission (sec). further, many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
market conditions difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy may materially and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. our businesses are highly dependent on the economic environment, both in the u.s. and around the world. extreme market events, such as the global financial crisis during 2008 and 2009, have at times led, and could in the future lead, to a lack of liquidity, highly volatile markets, a steep depreciation in asset values across all classes, an erosion of investor and public confidence, and a widening of credit spreads. concerns and events beyond our control, such as uncertainty as to the u.s. debt ceiling, the continued funding of the u.s. government, u.s. fiscal and monetary policy, the u.s. housing market, oil prices and concerns about european sovereign debt risk and the european banking industry, have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect liquidity, increase volatility, decrease asset prices, erode confidence and lead to wider credit spreads. difficult economic conditions could also result in increased unemployment and a severe decline in business across a wide range of industries and regions. these market and economic factors could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
under difficult economic or market conditions, we could experience reduced demand for our products and an elevated incidence of claims and lapses or surrenders of policies. contract holders may choose to defer or cease paying insurance premiums. other ways in which we could be negatively affected by economic conditions include, but are not limited to:
•    declines in the valuation and performance of our investment portfolio, including declines attributable to rapid increases in interest rates;
•    increased credit losses;
•    declines in the value of other assets;
•    impairments of goodwill and other long-lived assets;
•    additional statutory capital requirements;
•    limitations on our ability to recover deferred tax assets;
•    a decline in new business levels and renewals;
•    a decline in insured values caused by a decrease in activity at client organizations;
•    an increase in liability for future policy benefits due to loss recognition on certain long-duration insurance contracts;
•    higher borrowing costs and more limited availability of credit;
•    an increase in policy surrenders and cancellations; and
•    a write-off of deferred policy acquisition costs (dac).
sustained low interest rates may materially and adversely affect our profitability. recent periods have been characterized by low interest rates relative to historical levels. sustained low interest rates can negatively affect the performance of our investment securities and reduce the level of investment income earned on our investment portfolios. if a low interest rate environment persists, we may experience slower investment income growth. due to practical and capital markets limitations, we may not be able to fully mitigate our interest rate risk by matching exposure of our assets relative to our liabilities. continued low interest rates could also impair our ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving
31

table of contents item 1a / risk factors for our products at the time they were sold and issued. changes in interest rates may be correlated with inflation trends, which would impact our loss trends.
investment portfolio, concentration of investments, insurance and other exposures the performance and value of our investment portfolio are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in interest rates.  our investment securities are subject to market risks and uncertainties. in particular, interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political issues and other factors beyond our control. changes in monetary policy or other factors may cause interest rates to rise, which would adversely affect the value of the fixed income securities that we hold and could adversely affect our ability to sell these securities. in addition, the evaluation of available-for-sale securities for other-than-temporary impairments, which may occur if interest rates rise, is a quantitative and qualitative process that is subject to significant management judgment. for a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain market risk factors, see item 7. md&a - enterprise risk management - market risk management. furthermore, our alternative investment portfolio includes investments for which changes in fair value are reported through operating income and are therefore subject to significant volatility.  in an economic downturn or declining market, the reduction in our investment income due to decreases in the fair value of alternative investments could have a material adverse effect on operating income.
our investment portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy. our results of operations and financial condition have in the past been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by the degree of concentration in our investment portfolio. we have concentrations in real estate and real estate-related securities, including residential mortgage-backed, commercial mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and commercial mortgage loans. we also have significant exposures to financial institutions and, in particular, to money center and global banks; certain industries, such as energy and utilities; u.s. state and local government issuers and authorities; picc group, picc p&c and aercap, as a result of our strategic investments; and euro zone financial institutions, governments and corporations. events or developments that have a negative effect on any particular industry, asset class, group of related industries or geographic region may adversely affect our investments to the extent they are concentrated in such segments. our ability to sell assets concentrated in such areas may be limited.
concentration of our insurance and other risk exposures may have adverse effects. we may be exposed to risks as a result of concentrations in our insurance policies, derivatives and other obligations that we undertake for customers and counterparties. we manage these concentration risks by monitoring the accumulation of our exposures by factors such as exposure type, industry, geographic region, counterparty and other factors. we also seek to use reinsurance, hedging and other arrangements to limit or offset exposures that exceed the limits we wish to retain. in certain circumstances, however, these risk management arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms or may prove to be ineffective for certain exposures. also, our exposure may be so large that even a slightly adverse experience compared to our expectations may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition, or result in additional statutory capital requirements for our subsidiaries.
our valuation of investment securities may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. during periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our investment securities if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. there may be cases where certain assets in normally active markets with significant observable data become inactive with insufficient observable data due to the financial environment or market conditions in effect at that time. as a result, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation and judgment as well as valuation methods that are more complex. these values may not be realized in a market transaction, may not reflect the value of the asset and may change very rapidly as market conditions change and valuation assumptions are modified. decreases in value and/or an inability to realize that value in a market transaction or secured lending transaction may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
32

table of contents item 1a / risk factors reserves and exposures our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events. events such as hurricanes, windstorms, flooding, earthquakes, acts of terrorism, explosions and fires, cyber-crimes, product defects, pandemic and other highly contagious diseases, mass torts and other catastrophes have adversely affected our business in the past and could do so in the future. in addition, we recognize the scientific consensus that climate change is a reality of increasing concern, indicated by higher concentrations of greenhouse gases, a warming atmosphere and ocean, diminished snow and ice, and sea level rise. we understand that climate change potentially poses a serious financial threat to society as a whole, with implications for the insurance industry in areas such as catastrophe risk perception, pricing and modeling assumptions. because there is significant variability associated with the impacts of climate change, we cannot predict how physical, legal, regulatory and social responses may impact our business.
such catastrophic events, and any relevant regulations, could expose us to:
•    widespread claim costs associated with property, workers' compensation, a&h, business interruption and mortality and morbidity claims;
•    loss resulting from a decline in the value of our invested assets;
•    limitations on our ability to recover deferred tax assets;
•    loss resulting from actual policy experience that is adverse compared to the assumptions made in product pricing;
•    declines in value and/or losses with respect to companies and other entities whose securities we hold and counterparties we transact business with and have credit exposure to, including reinsurers, and declines in the value of investments; and
•    significant interruptions to our systems and operations.
catastrophic events are generally unpredictable.  our exposure to catastrophes depends on various factors, including the frequency and severity of the catastrophes, the rate of inflation and the value and geographic concentration of insured property and people. vendor models and proprietary assumptions and processes that we use to manage catastrophe exposure may prove to be ineffective due to incorrect assumptions or estimates.
in addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives and court decisions following major catastrophes could require us to pay the insured beyond the provisions of the original insurance policy and may prohibit the application of a deductible, resulting in inflated catastrophe claims.
for further details on potential catastrophic events, including a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain catastrophes, see item 7. md&a - enterprise risk management -insurance operations risks.
insurance liabilities are difficult to predict and may exceed the related reserves for losses and loss expenses. we regularly review the adequacy of the established liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and conduct extensive analyses of our reserves during the year. our loss reserves, however, may develop adversely. estimation of ultimate net losses, loss expenses and loss reserves is a complex process, particularly for long-tail casualty lines of business. these include, but are not limited to, general liability, commercial automobile liability, environmental, workers' compensation, excess casualty and crisis management coverages, insurance and risk management programs for large corporate customers and other customized structured insurance products, as well as excess and umbrella liability, directors and officers and products liability.
while we use a number of analytical reserve development techniques to project future loss development, reserves may be significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors that were relied upon in setting the reserves. these changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors could be due to difficulties in predicting changes, such as changes in inflation, unemployment duration, or other social or economic factors affecting claims, including the judicial environment. any deviation in loss cost trends or in loss development factors might not be identified for an extended period of time after we record the initial loss reserve estimates for any accident year or number of years. for a further discussion of our loss reserves, see item 7. md&a - insurance reserves -non-life insurance companies and critical accounting estimates - insurance liabilities - liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (non-life insurance companies).
33

table of contents item 1a / risk factors reinsurance may not be available or affordable and may not be adequate to protect us against losses. our subsidiaries are major purchasers of reinsurance and we use reinsurance as part of our overall risk management strategy to optimize the allocation of our reinsurance between traditional reinsurance markets and the capital markets, such as through the utilization of catastrophe bonds, to manage risks more efficiently. while reinsurance does not discharge our subsidiaries from their obligation to pay claims for losses insured under our policies, it does make the reinsurer liable to them for the reinsured portion of the risk. for this reason, reinsurance is an important tool to manage transaction and insurance line risk retention and to mitigate losses from catastrophes. market conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of reinsurance. for example, reinsurance may be more difficult or costly to obtain after a year with a large number of major catastrophes. as a result, we may, at certain times, be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may be unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms. in that case, we would have to accept an increase in exposure risk, reduce the amount of business written by our subsidiaries or seek alternatives in line with our risk limits. additionally, we are exposed to credit risk with respect to our subsidiaries' reinsurers to the extent the reinsurance receivable is not secured by collateral or does not benefit from other credit enhancements. we also bear the risk that a reinsurer may be unwilling to pay amounts we have recorded as reinsurance recoverable for any reason, including that (i) the terms of the reinsurance contract do not reflect the intent of the parties of the contract, (ii) the terms of the contract cannot be legally enforced, (iii) the terms of the contract are interpreted by a court or arbitration panel differently than intended, (iv) the reinsurance transaction performs differently than we anticipated due to a flawed design of the reinsurance structure, terms or conditions, or (v) a change in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation of the laws and regulations, materially impacts a reinsurance transaction. the insolvency of one or more of our reinsurers, or inability or unwillingness to make timely payments under the terms of our contracts, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity. additionally, the use of catastrophe bonds may not provide the same levels of protection as traditional reinsurance transactions and any disruption, volatility and uncertainty in the catastrophe bond market, such as following a major catastrophe event, may limit our ability to access such market on terms favorable to us or at all. also, to the extent that we intend to utilize catastrophe bond transactions based on an industry loss index rather than on actual losses incurred by us, this would result in residual risk. our inability to obtain adequate reinsurance or other protection could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we currently have limited reinsurance coverage for terrorist attacks.  further, the availability of private sector reinsurance for terrorism is limited. as a result, we rely heavily on the terrorism risk insurance act (tria), which provides u.s. government risk assistance to the insurance industry to manage the exposure to terrorism incidents in the united states. tria was reauthorized in january 2015 and is scheduled to expire on december 31, 2020. under tria, once our losses for certain acts of terrorism exceed a deductible equal to 20 percent of our commercial property and casualty insurance premiums for covered lines for the prior calendar year, the federal government will reimburse us for losses in excess of our deductible, starting at 85 percent of losses in 2015, and reducing by one percentage point each year, ending at 80 percent in 2020, up to a total industry program limit of $100 billion. tria does not cover losses in certain lines of business such as consumer property and consumer casualty.
for additional information on our reinsurance recoverable, see item 7. md&a - enterprise risk management - insurance operations risks - reinsurance recoverable.
liquidity, capital and credit aig parent's ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited. as a holding company, aig parent depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividends on aig common stock and to make payments due on its obligations, including its outstanding debt. the majority of our investments are held by our regulated subsidiaries. our subsidiaries may be limited in their ability to make dividend payments or advance funds to aig parent in the future because of the need to support their own capital levels or because of regulatory limits. the inability of our subsidiaries to make payments, dividends or distributions in an amount sufficient to enable aig parent to meet its cash requirements could have an adverse effect on our operations, our ability to pay dividends or our ability to meet our debt service obligations.
our internal sources of liquidity may be insufficient to meet our needs. we need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest on our debt, maturing debt obligations and to meet any statutory capital requirements of our subsidiaries. if our liquidity is insufficient to meet our needs, we may at the time need to have recourse to third-party financing, external capital markets or other sources of liquidity, which may not be available or could be prohibitively expensive. the availability and cost of any additional financing at any given time depends on a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit, regulatory actions and our credit ratings and credit capacity. it is also possible
34

table of contents item 1a / risk factors that, as a result of such recourse to external financing, customers, lenders or investors could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. disruptions, volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets, and downgrades in our credit ratings, may limit our ability to access external capital markets at times and on terms favorable to us to meet our capital and liquidity needs or prevent our accessing the external capital markets or other financing sources. for a further discussion of our liquidity, see item 7. md&a - liquidity and capital resources.
aig parent's ability to support our subsidiaries is limited. aig parent has in the past and expects to continue to provide capital to our subsidiaries as necessary to maintain regulatory capital ratios, comply with rating agency requirements and meet unexpected cash flow obligations.  if aig parent is unable to satisfy a capital need of a subsidiary, the subsidiary could become insolvent or, in certain cases, could be seized by its regulator.
our subsidiaries may not be able to generate cash to meet their needs due to the illiquidity of some of their investments. our subsidiaries have investments in certain securities that may be illiquid, including certain fixed income securities and certain structured securities, private company securities, investments in private equity funds and hedge funds, mortgage loans, finance receivables and real estate. collectively, investments in these assets had a fair value of $60 billion at december 31, 2014. adverse real estate and capital markets, and tighter credit spreads, have in the past, and may in the future, materially adversely affect the liquidity of our other securities portfolios, including our residential and commercial mortgage‐related securities portfolios. in the event additional liquidity is required by one or more of our subsidiaries and aig parent is unable to provide it, it may be difficult for these subsidiaries to generate additional liquidity by selling, pledging or otherwise monetizing these less liquid investments.
a downgrade in the insurer financial strength ratings of our insurance companies could prevent them from writing new business and retaining customers and business. insurer financial strength (ifs) ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. ifs ratings measure an insurance company's ability to meet its obligations to contract holders and policyholders. high ratings help maintain public confidence in a company's products, facilitate marketing of products and enhance its competitive position. downgrades of the ifs ratings of our insurance companies could prevent these companies from selling, or make it more difficult for them to succeed in selling, products and services, or result in increased policy cancellations, termination of assumed reinsurance contracts, or return of premiums. under credit rating agency policies concerning the relationship between parent and subsidiary ratings, a downgrade in aig parent's credit ratings could result in a downgrade of the ifs ratings of our insurance subsidiaries.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could require us to post additional collateral and result in the termination of derivative transactions. credit ratings estimate a company's ability to meet its obligations and may directly affect the cost and availability of financing. a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings by the major rating agencies would require us to post additional collateral payments related to derivative transactions to which we are a party, and could permit the termination of these derivative transactions. this could adversely affect our business, our consolidated results of operations in a reporting period or our liquidity. in the event of further downgrades of two notches to our long-term senior debt ratings, aig would be required to post additional collateral of $153 million, and certain of our counterparties would be permitted to elect early termination of contracts.
business and operations interest rate fluctuations, increased surrenders, declining investment returns and other events may require our subsidiaries to accelerate the amortization of dac and record additional liabilities for future policy benefits. we incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. dac represents deferred costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business. the recovery of dac is generally dependent upon the future profitability of the related business, but dac amortization varies based on the type of contract. for long-duration traditional business, dac is generally amortized in proportion to premium revenue and varies with lapse experience.  actual lapses in excess of expectations can result in an acceleration of dac amortization.
dac for investment-oriented products is generally amortized in proportion to estimated gross profits.  estimated gross profits are affected by a number of assumptions, including current and expected interest rates, net investment income and spreads, net realized gains and losses, fees, surrender rates, mortality experience and equity market returns and volatility.  if actual and/or future estimated gross profits are less than originally expected, then the amortization of dac would be accelerated in the period the actual experience is known and would result in a charge to income.  for example, if interest rates rise rapidly
35

table of contents item 1a / risk factors and significantly, customers with policies that have interest crediting rates below the current market may seek competing products with higher returns and we may experience an increase in surrenders and withdrawals of life and annuity contracts, resulting in a decrease in future profitability and an acceleration of the amortization of dac.
we also periodically review products for potential loss recognition events, principally insurance-oriented products.  this review involves estimating the future profitability of in-force business and requires significant management judgment about assumptions including mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses, and investment returns, including net realized capital gains (losses). if actual experience or estimates result in projected future losses, we may be required to amortize any remaining dac and record additional liabilities through a charge to policyholder benefit expense, which could negatively affect our results of operations.  for example, realized gains on investment sales in 2013 and 2012 reduced future investment margins and required the recognition of additional liabilities for certain payout annuities.  for further discussion of dac and future policy benefits, see item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates and notes 9 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
certain of our products have guarantees that may increase the volatility of our results. we have annuity and life insurance products that guarantee a certain level of benefits, including guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb), guaranteed minimum income benefits (gmib), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (gmwb), guaranteed minimum account value benefits (gmav), and products with guaranteed interest crediting rates tied to an index. for gmdb, our most widely offered guaranteed benefit feature, the liabilities included in future policyholder benefits were $401 million and $355 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our economic hedging program utilizes derivative instruments, including equity options, futures contracts and interest rate swap contracts, as well as other hedging instruments, and is designed so that changes in value of those instruments move in the opposite direction of changes in the gmwb and gmav embedded derivative liabilities. the fair value of gmwb and gmav embedded derivatives included in policyholder contract deposits was a net liability of $957 million at december 31, 2014 and a net asset of $37 million at december 31, 2013. differences between the change in fair value of gmwb and gmav embedded derivatives and the hedging instruments can be caused by extreme and unanticipated movements in the equity markets, interest rates and market volatility, policyholder behavior and our inability to purchase hedging instruments at prices consistent with the desired risk and return trade-off.  while we believe that our actions have reduced the risks related to guaranteed benefits and guaranteed interest crediting, our exposure may not be fully hedged, and we may be liable if counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay. we remain exposed to the risk that policyholder behavior and mortality may differ from our assumptions. finally, while we believe the impact of downturns in equity markets, increased equity volatility or reduced interest rates is offset by our economic hedging program, the occurrence of one or more of these events could result in an increase in the liabilities associated with the guaranteed benefits, reducing our net income and shareholders' equity. see notes 5 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements and item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates for more information regarding these products.
indemnity claims could be made against us in connection with divested businesses. we have provided financial guarantees and indemnities in connection with the businesses we have sold, as described in greater detail in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. while we do not currently believe the claims under these indemnities will be material, it is possible that significant indemnity claims could be made against us. if such a claim or claims were successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on these financial guarantees and indemnities.
our foreign operations expose us to risks that may affect our operations. we provide insurance, investment and other financial products and services to both businesses and individuals in more than 100 countries and jurisdictions. a substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the united states, and we intend to continue to grow this business. operations outside the united states may be affected by regional economic downturns, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, political upheaval, nationalization and other restrictive government actions, which could also affect our other operations.
the degree of regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. aig subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements and it is possible that local licenses may require aig parent to meet certain conditions. licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification and revocation. consequently, our insurance subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting future business in some of the jurisdictions where they currently operate. adverse actions from any single country could adversely affect our results of operations, depending on the magnitude of the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country.
36

table of contents item 1a / risk factors we may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our current and future distribution channels. although we distribute our products through a wide variety of distribution channels, we maintain relationships with certain key distributors. distributors have in the past, and may in the future, elect to renegotiate the terms of existing relationships, or reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us, including for such reasons as industry consolidation of distributors or other industry changes that increase the competition for access to distributors, adverse developments in our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. an interruption in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, operating results and financial condition.
in addition, when our products are distributed through unaffiliated firms, we may not be able to monitor or control the manner of their distribution, despite our training and compliance programs. if our products are distributed to customers for whom they are unsuitable or distributed in any other inappropriate manner, we may suffer reputational and other harm to our business.
our ownership of a material amount of the common stock of, and our obligations to, aercap exposes us to risks. as a result of the aercap transaction, we hold approximately 46 percent of the outstanding common stock of aercap. as a result, declines in the value of aercap's common stock, and the other effects of our accounting for this investment under the equity method of accounting, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a reporting period.
in addition, in connection with the aercap transaction, aig, aercap, aercap ireland limited, aercap ireland capital limited (aercap ireland) and certain subsidiaries of aercap, as guarantors, entered into a credit agreement for a senior unsecured revolving credit facility between aercap ireland, as borrower, and aig, as lender and administrative agent (the aercap credit facility). the aercap credit facility provides for an aggregate commitment of $1.0 billion and permits loans for general corporate purposes. depending on the amount of outstanding borrowings under the aercap credit facility, an event of default under the aercap credit facility could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
significant legal proceedings may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. we are party to numerous legal proceedings, including securities class actions and regulatory and governmental investigations. due to the nature of these proceedings, the lack of precise damage claims and the type of claims we are subject to, we cannot currently quantify our ultimate or maximum liability for these actions. developments in these unresolved matters could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period. starr international company, inc. (sico) has brought suit against the united states challenging the government's assistance of aig, pursuant to which (i) aig entered into a credit facility with the federal reserve bank of new york and (ii) the united states received an approximately 80 percent ownership interest in aig.  the united states has alleged that aig is obligated to indemnify the united states for any recoveries in these lawsuits.  a determination that the united states is liable for damages in such suits, together with a determination that aig is obligated to indemnify the united states for any such damages, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and results of operations. for a discussion of the sico litigation and other unresolved matters, see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
if we are unable to maintain the availability of our electronic data systems and safeguard the security of our data, our ability to conduct business may be compromised, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  we use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer, employee, and company data and information. some of these systems in turn, rely upon third-party systems. our business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems to perform necessary business functions, including providing insurance quotes, processing premium payments, making changes to existing policies, filing and paying claims, administering variable annuity products and mutual funds, providing customer support and managing our investment portfolios. systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers. in the event of a natural disaster, a computer virus, unauthorized access, a terrorist attack or other disruption inside or outside the u.s., our systems may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time, and our employees may be unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time if our data or systems are disabled or destroyed. our systems have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to unauthorized access, such as physical or electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. like other global companies, we have, from time to time, experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, systems failures and disruptions. there is no assurance that our security measures will provide fully effective security from such events.  aig maintains cyber risk insurance, but this insurance may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of personal, confidential or proprietary information being compromised. in
37

table of contents item 1a / risk factors some cases, such unauthorized access may not be immediately detected. this may impede or interrupt our business operations and could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
in addition, we routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. although we attempt to keep such information confidential, we may be unable to do so in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties who may not have or use appropriate controls to protect confidential information. furthermore, certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations enacted by u.s. federal and state governments, the european union or other jurisdictions or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy and security of the information of clients, employees or others. the compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information could result in remediation costs, legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm.
the integration of companies we may acquire from time to time may not be as successful as we anticipate. acquisitions involve a number of risks, including operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal and tax. difficulties in integrating an acquired company may result in the acquired company performing differently than we expected or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by acquisitions. risks resulting from future acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
regulation our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability. our operations generally, and our insurance subsidiaries, in particular, are subject to extensive and potentially conflicting supervision and regulation by national authorities and by the various jurisdictions in which we do business. supervision and regulation relate to numerous aspects of our business and financial condition. state and foreign regulators also periodically review and investigate our insurance businesses, including aig-specific and industry-wide practices. the primary purpose of insurance regulation is the protection of our insurance contract holders, and not our investors. the extent of domestic regulation varies, but generally is governed by state statutes. these statutes delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative authority to state insurance departments.
we strive to maintain all required licenses and approvals. however, our businesses may not fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations. the relevant authority's interpretation of the laws and regulations also may change from time to time. regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals. if we do not have the required licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, these authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or impose substantial fines. further, insurance regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to issue orders of supervision, which permit them to supervise the business and operations of an insurance company.
in the u.s., the rbc formula is designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer's statutory surplus in relation to the risks inherent in its business. virtually every state has adopted, in substantial part, the rbc model law promulgated by the naic, which specifies the regulatory actions the insurance regulator may take if an insurer's rbc calculations fall below specific thresholds. those actions range from requiring an insurer to submit a plan describing how it would regain a specified rbc ratio to a mandatory regulatory takeover of the company. regulators at the federal and international levels are also considering the imposition of additional capital requirements on certain insurance companies, which may include us, that may augment or even displace state-law rbc standards that apply at the legal entity level, and such capital calculations may be made on bases other than the statutory statements of our insurance subsidiaries. see "our status as a nonbank systemically important financial institution, as well as the enactment of dodd-frank, will subject us to substantial additional federal regulation, which may materially and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations and cash flows" and "actions by foreign governments and regulators could subject us to substantial additional regulation" below for additional information on increased capital requirements that may be imposed on us. we cannot predict the effect these initiatives may have on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
the degree of regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. aig subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements and it is possible that local licenses may require aig parent to meet certain conditions. licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification and revocation. accordingly, our insurance
38

table of contents item 1a / risk factors subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting future business in certain of the jurisdictions where they currently operate. adverse actions from any single country could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, depending on the magnitude of the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country.
see item 1. business - regulation for further discussion of our regulatory environment.
our status as a nonbank systemically important financial institution, as well as the enactment of dodd-frank, will subject us to substantial additional federal regulation, which may materially and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations and cash flows. on july 21, 2010, dodd-frank, which effects comprehensive changes to the regulation of financial services in the united states, was signed into law. dodd-frank directs existing and newly created government agencies and bodies to promulgate regulations implementing the law, an ongoing process anticipated to continue over the next few years.
we cannot predict the requirements of the regulations ultimately adopted, the level and magnitude of supervision we may become subject to, or how dodd-frank and such regulations will affect the financial markets generally or our businesses, results of operations or cash flows. it is possible that the regulations adopted under dodd-frank and our regulation by the frb as a nonbank sifi could significantly alter our business practices, limit our ability to engage in capital or liability management, require us to raise additional capital, and impose burdensome and costly requirements and additional costs. some of the regulations may also affect the perceptions of regulators, customers, counterparties, creditors or investors about our financial strength and could potentially affect our financing costs.
see item 1. business - regulation for further discussion of the details of the aforementioned regulations to which aig and its businesses are subject.
actions by foreign governments and regulators could subject us to substantial additional regulation.  we cannot predict the impact laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions may have on the financial markets generally or our businesses, results of operations or cash flows.  it is possible such laws and regulations, the impact of our designation as a global systemically important insurer (g-sii) and certain initiatives by the fsb and the iais, including development of basic capital requirements, higher loss absorbency capacity requirements and an insurance capital standard, and implementation of solvency ii in the european union, may significantly alter our business practices, limit our ability to engage in capital or liability management, require us to raise additional capital, and impose burdensome requirements and additional costs.  it is possible that the laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions will differ from one another and that they could be inconsistent with the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions including the united states.
for further details on these international regulations and their potential impact on aig and its businesses, see item 1. business - regulation-other regulatory developments.
the usa patriot act, the office of foreign assets control and similar laws that apply to us may expose us to significant penalties. the operations of our subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations, including, in some cases, the usa patriot act of 2001, which require companies to know certain information about their clients and to monitor their transactions for suspicious activities. also, the department of the treasury's office of foreign assets control administers regulations requiring u.s. persons to refrain from doing business, or allowing their clients to do business through them, with certain organizations or individuals on a prohibited list maintained by the u.s. government or with certain countries. the united kingdom, the european union and other jurisdictions maintain similar laws and regulations. although we have instituted compliance programs to address these requirements, there are inherent risks in global transactions.
attempts to efficiently manage the impact of regulation xxx and actuarial guideline axxx may fail in whole or in part resulting in an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. the naic model regulation "valuation of life insurance policies" (regulation xxx) requires insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees and universal life policies with secondary guarantees. in addition, naic  actuarial guideline 38 (axxx) (guideline axxx) clarifies the application of regulation xxx as to certain universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees.
our domestic life insurance companies manage the capital impact of statutory reserve requirements under regulation xxx and guideline axxx through affiliated reinsurance transactions, to maintain their ability to offer competitive pricing and successfully market such products. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on
39

table of contents item 1a / risk factors statutory reserving requirements under regulation xxx and guideline axxx and our use of affiliated reinsurance. the naic, the new york state department of financial services and other regulators have increased their focus on life insurers' affiliated reinsurance transactions used to satisfy certain reserve requirements or to manage the capital impact of certain statutory reserve requirements, particularly transactions using captive insurance companies or special purpose vehicles. while our domestic life insurance companies do not use captive or special purpose vehicle structures for this purpose, we cannot predict whether any applicable insurance laws will be changed in a way that prohibits or adversely impacts the use of affiliated reinsurance.  if regulations change, we could be required to increase statutory reserves, increase prices on our products or incur higher expenses to obtain reinsurance, which could adversely affect our competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. if our actions to efficiently manage the impact of regulation xxx or guideline axxx on future sales of term and universal life insurance products are not successful, we may incur higher operating costs or our sales of these products may be affected.
new regulations promulgated from time to time may affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively. legislators and regulators may periodically consider various proposals that may affect the profitability of certain of our businesses. new regulations may even affect our ability to conduct certain businesses at all, including proposals relating to restrictions on the type of activities in which financial institutions are permitted to engage and the size of financial institutions. these proposals could also impose additional taxes on a limited subset of financial institutions and insurance companies (either based on size, activities, geography, government support or other criteria). it is uncertain whether and how these and other such proposals would apply to us or our competitors or how they could impact our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively.
an "ownership change" could limit our ability to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income. as of december 31, 2014, we had a u.s. federal net operating loss carryforward of approximately $33.0 billion and $7.1 billion in foreign tax credits (tax loss and credit carryforwards). our ability to use such tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if we experience an "ownership change" as defined in section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the code). in general, an ownership change will occur when the percentage of aig parent's ownership (by value) of one or more "5-percent shareholders" (as defined in the code) has increased by more than 50 percent over the lowest percentage owned by such shareholders at any time during the prior three years (calculated on a rolling basis). an entity that experiences an ownership change generally will be subject to an annual limitation on its pre-ownership change tax loss and credit carryforwards equal to the equity value of the corporation immediately before the ownership change, multiplied by the long-term, tax-exempt rate posted monthly by the irs (subject to certain adjustments). the annual limitation would be increased each year to the extent that there is an unused limitation in a prior year. the limitation on our ability to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards arising from an ownership change under section 382 would depend on the value of our equity at the time of any ownership change.  if we were to experience an "ownership change", it is possible that a significant portion of our tax loss and credit carryforwards could expire before we would be able to use them to offset future taxable income.
on march 9, 2011, our board adopted our tax asset protection plan (the plan) to help protect these tax loss and credit carryforwards, and on january 8, 2014, the board adopted an amendment to the plan, extending its expiration date to january 8, 2017. the amendment of the plan was ratified by our shareholders at our 2014 annual meeting of shareholders.  at our 2011 annual meeting of shareholders, shareholders adopted a protective amendment to our restated certificate of incorporation (protective amendment), which is designed to prevent certain transfers of aig common stock that could result in an "ownership change." at our 2014 annual meeting of shareholders, our shareholders approved an amendment to our restated certificate of incorporation to adopt a successor to the protective amendment that contains substantially the same terms as the protective amendment and that expires on may 12, 2017, the third anniversary of the date of our 2014 annual meeting of shareholders.
the plan is designed to reduce the likelihood of an "ownership change" by (i) discouraging any person or group from becoming a 4.99 percent shareholder and (ii) discouraging any existing 4.99 percent shareholder from acquiring additional shares of aig common stock. the protective amendment generally restricts any transfer of aig common stock that would (i) increase the ownership by any person to 4.99 percent or more of aig stock then outstanding or (ii) increase the percentage of aig stock owned by a five percent stockholder (as defined in the plan). despite the intentions of the plan and the protective amendment to deter and prevent an "ownership change", such an event may still occur. in addition, the plan and the protective amendment may make it more difficult and more expensive to acquire us, and may discourage open market purchases of aig common stock or a non-negotiated tender or exchange offer for aig common stock. accordingly, the plan
40

table of contents item 1a / risk factors and the protective amendment may limit a shareholder's ability to realize a premium over the market price of aig common stock in connection with any stock transaction.
changes in tax laws could increase our corporate taxes, reduce our deferred tax assets or make some of our products less attractive to consumers.  changes in tax laws or their interpretation could negatively impact our business or results.   some proposed changes could have the effect of increasing our effective tax rate by reducing deductions or increasing income inclusions, such as by limiting rules allowing deferral of tax on certain foreign insurance income.  conversely, other changes, such as lowering the u.s. federal corporate tax rate discussed recently in the context of tax reform, could reduce the value of our deferred tax assets.  in addition, changes in the way foreign taxes can be credited against u.s. taxes, methods for allocating interest expense, the ways insurance companies calculate and deduct reserves for tax purposes, and impositions of new or changed premium, value added and other indirect taxes could increase our tax expense, thereby reducing earnings.
in addition to proposing to change the taxation of corporations in general and insurance companies in particular, the executive branch of the u.s. government and congress have considered proposals that could increase taxes on owners of insurance products.  for example, there have been proposals that would have limited the deferral of tax on income from life and annuity contracts relative to other investment products.  these changes could reduce demand in the u.s. for life insurance and annuity contracts, or cause consumers to shift from these contracts to other investments, which would reduce our income due to lower sales of these products or potential increased surrenders of in-force business.
the need for governments to seek additional revenue makes it likely that there will be continued proposals to change tax rules in ways that would reduce our earnings.  however, it remains difficult to predict whether or when there will be any tax law changes having a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
competition and employees we face intense competition in each of our businesses. our businesses operate in highly competitive environments, both domestically and overseas. our principal competitors are other large multinational insurance organizations, as well as banks, investment banks and other nonbank financial institutions. the insurance industry in particular is highly competitive. within the u.s., our non-life insurance companies compete with other stock companies, specialty insurance organizations, mutual insurance companies and other underwriting organizations. our life insurance companies compete in the u.s. with life insurance companies and other participants in related financial services fields. overseas, our subsidiaries compete for business with the foreign insurance operations of large u.s. insurers and with global insurance groups and local companies.
the past reduction of our credit ratings and past negative publicity have made, and may continue to make, it more difficult to compete to retain existing customers and to maintain our historical levels of business with existing customers and counterparties. general insurance and life insurance companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance criteria, product pricing, and terms and conditions. retirement services companies compete through crediting rates and the issuance of guaranteed benefits. a decline in our position as to any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our profitability.
competition for employees in our industry is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business. our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with demonstrated ability, we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. losing any of our key people also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees.
managing key employee succession and retention is critical to our success. we would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior management and other key employees. while we have succession plans and long-term compensation plans designed to retain our employees, our succession plans may not operate effectively and our compensation plans cannot guarantee that the services of these employees will continue to be available to us.
employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and may result in significant losses. there have been a number of cases involving fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years and
41

table of contents item 1a / risk factors we run the risk that employee misconduct could occur. instances of fraud, illegal acts, errors, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorization, misuse of customer or proprietary information, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements or our internal policies may result in losses. it is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct, and the controls that we have in place to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases.
estimates and assumptions estimates used in the preparation of financial statements and modeled results used in various areas of our business may differ materially from actual experience. our financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap), which requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. the accounting policies that we consider most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions, and therefore may be viewed as critical accounting estimates, are described in item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates. these accounting estimates require the use of assumptions, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. these estimates are based on judgment, current facts and circumstances, and, when applicable, internally developed models. therefore, actual results could differ from these estimates, possibly in the near term, and could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
in addition, we employ models to price products, calculate reserves and value assets, as well as evaluate risk and determine capital requirements, among other uses. these models rely on estimates and projections that are inherently uncertain, may use incomplete, outdated or incorrect data or assumptions and may not operate properly. as our businesses continue to expand and evolve, the number and complexity of models we employ has grown, increasing our exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data, controls and assumptions and the controls we have in place to mitigate their risk may not be effective in all cases.
changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements could impact our reported results of operations and our reported financial position.  our financial statements are subject to the application of u.s. gaap, which is periodically revised.   accordingly, from time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the financial accounting standards board (fasb). the impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but are not yet required to be implemented is disclosed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
the fasb and international accounting standards board (iasb) have ongoing projects to revise accounting standards for insurance contracts.  the fasb has focused on disclosures for short-duration insurance contracts, which primarily relate to our property casualty products, and on targeted improvements to accounting measurements and disclosures for long-duration insurance contracts, which primarily relate to our life and annuity products.  the iasb continues to contemplate significant changes to accounting measurements for both short and long-duration insurance contracts. while the final resolution of changes to u.s. gaap and international financial reporting standards pursuant to these projects remains unclear, changes to the manner in which we account for insurance products could have a significant impact on our future financial reports, operations, capital management and business.  further, the adoption of a new insurance contracts standard as well as other future accounting standards could have a material effect on our reported results of operations and reported financial condition.
changes in our assumptions regarding the discount rate, expected rate of return, and expected compensation for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability. we determine our pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on assumed discount rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, expected increases in compensation levels and trends in health care costs. changes in these assumptions, including from the impact of a sustained low interest rate environment, may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for further details on our pension and postretirement benefit plans.
item 7 / management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k and other publicly available documents may include, and officers and representatives of american international group, inc. (aig) may from time to time make, projections, goals, assumptions and statements that may constitute "forward‐looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these projections, goals, assumptions and statements are not historical facts but instead represent only our belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. these projections, goals, assumptions and statements include statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "view," "target" or "estimate." these projections, goals, assumptions and statements may address, among other things, our:
•                                                                        •
exposures to subprime mortgages, monoline insurers, the residential                    return on equity and earnings per share;
and commercial real estate markets, state and municipal bond issuers,                                      •
sovereign bond issuers, the energy sector and currency exchange rates;    strategies to grow net investment income, efficiently manage capital
•                                                               and reduce expenses;
exposure to european governments and european financial institutions;                                      •
• strategy for                               strategies for customer retention, growth, product development, market risk management;                                          position, financial results and reserves; and
• generation of                                                                 •
deployable capital;                                     the revenues and combined ratios of our subsidiaries.

it is possible that our actual results and financial condition will differ, possibly materially, from the results and financial condition indicated in these projections, goals, assumptions and statements. factors that could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in the specific projections, goals, assumptions and statements include:
•                                                                           •
changes in market conditions;                             judgments concerning casualty insurance underwriting and insurance
•                                                                      liabilities;
the occurrence of catastrophic events, both natural and man-made;                                           •
•                                            judgments concerning the recognition of deferred tax assets; and significant legal proceedings;                                                            •
•                                                            such other factors discussed in:
the timing and applicable requirements of any new regulatory framework                                        •
to which we are subject as a nonbank systemically important financial         part i, item 1a. risk factors of this annual report on form 10‐k;
institution (sifi) and as a global systemically important insurer (g‐sii);                                     and
•                                                                    • this part ii, concentrations in our investment portfolios;                  item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
•                                          results of operations (md&amp;a) of this annual report on form 10‐k.
actions by credit rating agencies;

we are not under any obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to update or alter any projections, goals, assumptions or other statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
52

table of contents the md&a is organized as follows:
index to item 7

page use of non-gaap measures                              54
executive overview                                    56
executive summary                                     57
strategic outlook                                     61
results of operations                                 69
segment results                                       71
commercial                                            73
insurance consumer insurance                                    87
corporate and other                                  102
investments                                          106
overview                                             106
investment                                           106
highlights investment                                           106
strategies investments by                                       107
legal entity credit                                               110
ratings impairments                                          119
insurance reserves                                   122
non-life insurance                                   122
companies life insurance                                       138
companies dac and reserves liquidity and capital resources                      143
overview                                             143
analysis                                             145
of sources and uses of cash liquidity and capital                                147
resources of aig parent and subsidiaries credit facilities                                    151
contingent liquidity                                 152
facilities contractual obligations                              152
off-balance                                          153
sheet arrangements and commercial commitments debt                                                 155
credit ratings                                       157
regulation and supervision                           157
dividends and repurchases                            158
of aig common stock dividend restrictions                                158
enterprise risk management                           159
overview                                             159
credit risk management                               162
market risk management                               163
liquidity risk management                            167
critical accounting estimates                        176
glossary                                             204
acronyms                                             207
throughout the md&a, we use certain terms and abbreviations which are summarized in the glossary and acronyms.
we have incorporated into this discussion a number of cross-references to additional information included throughout this annual report on form 10-k to assist readers seeking additional information related to a particular subject.
53

table of contents item 7 / use of non-gaap measures use of non-gaap measures in item 6. selected financial data and throughout this md&a, we present our financial condition and results of operations in the way we believe will be most meaningful and representative of our business results. some of the measurements we use are "non‐gaap financial measures" under sec rules and regulations. gaap is the acronym for "accounting principles generally accepted in the united states." the non‐gaap financial measures we present may not be comparable to similarly‐named measures reported by other companies.
book value per share excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci) is used to show the amount of our net worth on a per‐share basis. we believe book value per share excluding aoci is useful to investors because it eliminates the effect of non‐cash items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period, including changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio and foreign currency translation adjustments. book value per share excluding aoci is derived by dividing total aig shareholders' equity, excluding aoci, by total common shares outstanding. the reconciliation to book value per common share, the most comparable gaap measure, is presented in item 6. selected financial data.
we use the following operating performance measures because we believe they enhance the understanding of the underlying profitability of continuing operations and trends of our business segments. we believe they also allow for more meaningful comparisons with our insurance competitors. when we use these measures, reconciliations to the most comparable gaap measure are provided in the results of operations section of this md&a on a consolidated basis.
after-tax operating income attributable to aig is derived by excluding the following items from net income attributable to aig:
•                                                                              •
deferred income tax valuation allowance releases and charges;                           income or loss from discontinued operations;
•                                                                              •
changes in fair value of fixed maturity securities designated to hedge                  income and loss from divested businesses, including:
living benefit liabilities (net of interest expense);                                                    •
•                                             gain on the sale of international lease finance corporation (ilfc);
changes in benefit reserves and deferred policy acquisition costs                                             and
(dac), value of business acquired (voba), and sales inducement assets (sia)                                         •
related to net realized capital gains and losses;                       certain post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by aercap
•                                          holdings n.v. (aercap) in connection with its acquisition of ilfc and the other income and expense - net, related to corporate and other            difference between expensing aercap's maintenance rights assets over the run-off insurance lines;                                remaining lease term as compared to the remaining economic life of the
•                                                          related aircraft and related tax effects;
loss on extinguishment of debt;                                                               •
•                                                legacy tax adjustments primarily related to certain changes in net realized capital gains and losses;                                 uncertain tax positions and other tax adjustments; and
•                                                                              •
non‐qualifying derivative hedging activities, excluding net               legal reserves and settlements related to legacy crisis matters, which realized capital gains and losses;                       include favorable and unfavorable settlements related to events leading up to and resulting from our september 2008 liquidity crisis and legal fees incurred as the plaintiff in connection with such legal matters.

54

table of contents item 7 / use of non-gaap measures we use the following operating performance measures within our commercial insurance and consumer insurance reportable segments as well as corporate and other.
•    commercial insurance: property casualty and mortgage guaranty; consumer insurance: personal insurance
·      pre‐tax operating income: includes both underwriting income and loss and net investment income, but excludes net realized capital gains and losses, other income and expense - net and legal settlements related to legacy crisis matters described above. underwriting income and loss is derived by reducing net premiums earned by losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses and general operating expenses.
·      ratios: we, along with most property and casualty insurance companies, use the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the combined ratio as measures of underwriting performance. these ratios are relative measurements that describe, for every $100 of net premiums earned, the amount of losses and loss adjustment expenses, and the amount of other underwriting expenses that would be incurred. a combined ratio of less than 100 indicates underwriting income and a combined ratio of over 100 indicates an underwriting loss. the underwriting environment varies across countries and products, as does the degree of litigation activity, all of which affect such ratios. in addition, investment returns, local taxes, cost of capital, regulation, product type and competition can have an effect on pricing and consequently on profitability as reflected in underwriting income and associated ratios.
·      accident year loss and combined ratios, as adjusted: both the accident year loss and combined ratios, as adjusted, exclude catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve discounting. catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact in excess of $10 million each.
·      commercial insurance: institutional markets; consumer insurance: retirement and life
·      pre‐tax operating income is derived by excluding the following items from pre‐tax income:
•                                                                    •
changes in fair values of fixed maturity securities designated to     changes in benefit reserves and dac, voba and sia related to net hedge living benefit liabilities (net of interest expense);                     realized capital gains and losses; and

•                                                                   •
net realized capital gains and losses;                              legal settlements related to legacy crisis matters described above.
·      premiums and deposits: includes direct and assumed amounts received and earned on traditional life insurance policies, group benefit policies and life‐contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment‐type annuity contracts and mutual funds.
·      corporate and other - pre‐tax operating income and loss is derived by excluding the following items from pre‐tax income and loss:
•                                                                           •
loss on extinguishment of debt;                               net gain or loss on sale of divested businesses, including:
•                                                                           ·
net realized capital gains and losses;                                          gain on the sale of ilfc; and
•                                                                           ·
changes in benefit reserves and dac, voba and sia related to net               certain post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by realized capital gains and losses;                     aercap in connection with its acquisition of ilfc and the difference between
•                                     expensing aercap's maintenance rights assets over the remaining lease term as income and loss from divested businesses, including aircraft leasing;   compared to the remaining economic life of the related aircraft and our share of aercap's income taxes; and
•
certain legal reserves (settlements) related to legacy crisis matters described above.

results from discontinued operations are excluded from all of these measures.
55

table of contents item 7 / results of operations results of operations

the following section provides a comparative discussion of our results of operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended december 31, 2014. factors that relate primarily to a specific business segment are discussed in more detail within that business segment discussion. for a discussion of the critical accounting estimates that affect the results of operations, see the critical accounting estimates section of this md&a.
the following table presents our consolidated results of operations:
years ended december 31,                                                                 percentage change

(in millions)                                        2014           2013           2012       2014              2013
vs. 2013          vs. 2012
revenues:
premiums                                          $37,254        $37,499        $38,189        (1)      %        (2)   %
policy fees                                         2,615          2,340          2,192         12                 7
net investment income                              16,079         15,810         20,343          2              (22)
net realized capital gains                            739          1,939          1,087       (62)                78
aircraft leasing revenue                            1,602          4,420          4,504       (64)               (2)
other income                                        6,117          6,866          4,899       (11)                40
total revenues                                     64,406         68,874         71,214        (6)               (3)
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred          28,281         29,503         32,036        (4)               (8)
interest credited to policyholder account           3,768          3,892          4,340        (3)              (10)
balances amortization of deferred policy                     5,330          5,157          5,709          3              (10)
acquisition costs general operating and other expenses               13,138         13,564         13,013        (3)                 4
interest expense                                    1,718          2,142          2,319       (20)               (8)
loss on extinguishment of debt                      2,282            651             32        251                nm aircraft leasing expenses                           1,585          4,549          4,138       (65)                10
net (gain) loss on sale of divested               (2,197)             48          6,736         nm              (99)
businesses total benefits, losses and expenses                53,905         59,506         68,323        (9)              (13)
income from continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit)                       10,501          9,368          2,891         12               224
income tax expense (benefit)                        2,927            360          (808)         nm                nm income from continuing operations                   7,574          9,008          3,699       (16)               144
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax expense (benefit)                  (50)             84              1         nm                nm net income                                          7,524          9,092          3,700       (17)               146
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                             (5)              7            262         nm              (97)
net income attributable to aig                     $7,529         $9,085         $3,438       (17)      %        164   %
for the year ended december 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was 27.9 percent.  the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to tax benefits of $236 million associated with tax exempt interest income, $209 million related to a decrease in the u.s. life insurance companies' capital loss carryforward valuation allowance, $182 million of income excludable from gross income related to the global resolution of certain residential mortgage-related disputes and $68 million associated with the effect of foreign operations.
for the year ended december 31, 2013, the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was 3.8 percent.  the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to tax benefits of $2.8 billion related to a decrease in the u.s. life insurance companies' capital loss carryforward valuation allowance, $396 million related to a decrease in certain other valuation allowances associated with foreign jurisdictions and $298 million associated with tax exempt interest income.  these items were partially offset by charges of $632 million related to uncertain tax positions.
for the year ended december 31, 2012, the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was (27.9) percent. the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to decreases in the u.s. life insurance companies' capital loss carryforward valuation allowance of $1.9 billion related to the actual and projected gains from the u.s. life insurance companies' available-for-sale securities, and tax effects associated with tax exempt interest income of $302 million.  these items were partially offset by changes in uncertain tax positions of $446 million.
69

table of contents item 7 / results of operations the following table presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to aig to after-tax operating income attributable to aig:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                              2014                  2013                  2012
net income attributable to aig                           $7,529                $9,085                $3,438
uncertain tax positions and other tax                        59                   791                   543
adjustments deferred income tax valuation allowance                   (181)               (3,237)               (1,911)
releases changes in fair value of fixed maturity securities designated to hedge living benefit liabilities, net of interest                      (169)                   105                  (24)
expense changes in benefit reserves and dac, voba and sia related to net realized capital gains                       141                 1,148                   789
(losses)
other (income) expense - net                                  -                    47                     -
loss on extinguishment of debt                            1,483                   423                    21
net realized capital gains                                (470)               (1,285)                 (687)
(income) loss from discontinued                              50                  (84)                   (1)
operations
(income) loss from divested businesses,                 (1,462)                   117                 4,039
including gain on the sale of ilfc legal reserves (settlements) related to                   (350)                 (460)                   353
legacy crisis matters non-qualifying derivative hedging (gains)
losses, excluding net realized capital gains                                                         -                     -                  (18)
after-tax operating income attributable                  $6,630                $6,650                $6,542
to aig weighted average diluted shares                   1,447,553,652         1,481,206,797         1,687,226,641
outstanding income per common share attributable to                   $5.20                 $6.13                 $2.04
aig (diluted)
after-tax operating income per common share attributable to aig (diluted)                                          $4.58                 $4.49                 $3.88
after-tax operating income attributable to aig for 2014 was essentially flat compared to 2013, primarily due to higher income tax expense, partially offset by an increase in income from insurance operations.
after-tax operating income attributable to aig increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to increases in income from insurance operations, lower income tax expense and noncontrolling interests, partially offset by fair value gains on aig's previously held interests in aia ordinary shares, maiden lane ii llc (ml ii), and ml iii.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was 30.9 percent. the significant factors that contributed to the difference from the statutory rate included tax benefits resulting from tax exempt interest income and other permanent tax items, and the impact of discrete tax benefits.
for the year ended december 31, 2013, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was 28.8 percent. the significant factors that contributed to the difference from the statutory rate included tax benefits resulting from tax exempt interest income and other permanent tax items, and the impact of discrete tax benefits.
for the year ended december 31, 2012, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was 31.6 percent. the difference from the statutory rate was primarily due to tax exempt interest income and other permanent tax items.
70

table of contents item 7 / results of operations segment results we report the results of our operations through two reportable segments: commercial insurance and consumer insurance. the corporate and other category consists of businesses and items not allocated to our reportable segments.
the following table summarizes the operations of each reportable segment and corporate and other. see also note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                       2014            2013            2012
commercial insurance*                             $5,510          $4,980          $2,215
consumer insurance*                                4,474           4,564           3,736
corporate and other                                (388)           (319)           4,005
consolidations, eliminations and other              (22)             165            (18)
adjustments pre-tax operating income                          $9,574          $9,390          $9,938
changes in fair values of fixed maturity securities designated to hedge living benefit liabilities, net of interest                 260           (161)              37
expense changes in benefit reserves and dac, voba, and sia related to net realized capital gains                                      (217)         (1,608)         (1,213)
other income (expense) - net                           -            (72)               -
loss on extinguishment of debt                   (2,282)           (651)            (32)
net realized capital gains                           739           1,939           1,086
income (loss) from divested businesses             2,169           (177)         (6,411)
legal settlements related to legacy                  804           1,152             210
crisis matters legal reserves related to legacy crisis            (546)           (444)           (754)
matters non-qualifying derivative hedging gains,               -               -              30
excluding net realized capital gains pre-tax income                                   $10,501          $9,368          $2,891
*    certain 2013 severance expenses for commercial insurance and consumer insurance are included in corporate & other.  as these expenses, which total $263 million, are related to an overall aig initiative to centralize work streams into lower cost locations, and create a more streamlined organization, they have not been allocated to the operating segments.
pre-tax operating income
(in millions)

commercial                 consumer insurance                  insurance
71

table of contents item 7 / results of operations pre-tax income comparison for 2014 and 2013
pre-tax income increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to an increase in pre-tax operating income for commercial insurance, a $2.3 billion increase in income from divested businesses associated with the gain recognized upon completion of the sale of ilfc in 2014 and lower loss recognition expense reported in changes in benefit reserves and dac, voba, and sia related to net realized capital gains. these increases were partially offset by higher loss on extinguishment of debt from on-going debt management activities, a decrease in net realized capital gains driven by lower gains from sales of investments related to capital loss carryforward utilization in 2013, and a decrease in legal settlements with financial institutions that participated in the creation, offering and sale of rmbs from which we realized losses during the financial crisis.
the change in the fair value of gmwb and gmav embedded policy derivatives, net of the change in fair value of all related economic hedges, resulted in a $149 million decrease in pre-tax income in 2014 compared to 2013. in 2014, we reduced our exposure to interest rate changes and consequently, the increase in the embedded policy derivative liability in 2014 was largely offset by the change in the fair value of related hedges. in 2013, pre-tax income increased due to the decrease in the embedded policy derivative liability driven by an increase in interest rates, which was only partially offset by hedging. the changes in fair value of the embedded policy derivatives and the majority of the related economic hedges are reported in net realized gains (losses), and the change in fair value of certain u.s. treasury bonds which hedge interest rate risk are reported in change in fair value of certain fixed maturity securities designated to hedge living benefit liabilities.
the increase in pre-tax income in 2014 compared to 2013 included an increase due to lower changes in certain benefit reserves, dac, voba and sia related to net realized capital gains, which was primarily comprised of loss recognition expense in the institutional markets and retirement operating segments, totaling $30 million in 2014 and $1.5 billion in 2013, attributable primarily to investment sales related to capital loss carryforward utilization with reinvestment of the sales proceeds at lower yields. changes in certain benefit reserves, dac, voba and sia related to net realized capital gains also included loss recognition expense in corporate and other of $140 million in 2014 and $98 million in 2013.
pre-tax income comparison for 2013 and 2012
pre-tax income increased in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to an increase in pre-tax operating income for both commercial insurance and consumer insurance, a $6.7 billion increase due to the loss associated with the announced sale of ilfc in 2012, an increase in legal settlements related to legacy crisis matters and an increase in net realized capital gains, driven by gains from sales of investments related to capital loss carryforward utilization in 2013, partially offset by impairments on investments in life settlements, an increase in loss on extinguishment of debt from on-going debt management activities and higher loss recognition expense reported in changes in benefit reserves and dac, voba, and sia related to net realized capital gains.
the aggregate change in the fair value of gmwb and gmav embedded policy derivatives net of the change in fair value of all related economic hedges, reported within net realized capital gains (losses) and change in fair value of fixed maturity securities designated to hedge living benefit liabilities, resulted in a $719 million increase in pre-tax income in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the increase in interest rates.
change in certain benefit reserves, dac, voba and sia related to net realized capital gains was largely comprised of loss recognition expense in the institutional markets and retirement operating segments, totaling $1.5 billion in 2013 and $1.2 billion in 2012, that was attributable primarily to investment sales related to capital loss carryforward utilization with reinvestment of the sales proceeds at lower yields. change in certain benefit reserves, dac, voba and sia also included loss recognition expense in corporate and other of $98 million in 2013.
net investment income net investment income is attributed to the operating segments of commercial insurance and consumer insurance based on internal models consistent with the nature of the underlying businesses.
72

table of contents item 7 / results of operations for commercial insurance - property casualty and consumer insurance - personal insurance, we estimate investable funds based primarily on loss reserves, unearned premiums and a capital allocation for each operating segment. the net investment income allocation is calculated based on the estimated investable funds and risk-free yields (plus a liquidity premium) consistent with the approximate duration of the liabilities, and excludes net investment income associated with the run-off insurance lines reported in corporate and other. the remaining excess is attributed to commercial insurance - property casualty and consumer insurance - personal insurance based on the relative net investment income previously allocated.
for commercial insurance - institutional markets, consumer insurance - retirement and consumer insurance - life, net investment income is attributed based on invested assets from segregated product line portfolios. invested assets in excess of liabilities are allocated to product lines based on internal capital estimates.
property casualty, international life and personal insurance's business is transacted in most major foreign currencies. the following table presents the average of the quarterly weighted average exchange rates of the currencies that have the most significant impact on our businesses:
years ended december 31,                                          percentage change

rate for 1 usd                  2014    2013    2012          2014              2013
vs. 2013          vs. 2012
currency:
jpy                           104.43   95.86   79.32   9             %            21   %
eur                             0.75    0.76    0.78           (1)   %           (3)   %
gbp                             0.61    0.64    0.63           (5)   %             2   %
commercial insurance commercial insurance results the following table presents commercial insurance results:
years ended december 31,                                                                    percentage change

(in millions)                                       2014           2013           2012           2014              2013
vs. 2013          vs. 2012
revenues:
premiums                                         $22,221        $22,096        $22,021              1      %          -   %
policy fees                                          187            113            102             65                11
net investment income                              6,393          6,653          6,163            (4)                 8
benefits and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred         16,575         17,002         18,870            (3)              (10)
interest credited to policyholder account            410            413            571            (1)              (28)
balances amortization of deferred policy                    2,512          2,418          2,692              4              (10)
acquisition costs general operating and other expenses*              3,794          4,049          3,938            (6)                 3
pre-tax operating income                          $5,510         $4,980         $2,215             11      %        125   %
*    includes general operating expenses, commissions and other acquisition expenses.
commercial insurance results by operating segment commercial insurance presents its financial information in three operating segments - property casualty, mortgage guaranty and institutional markets. the following section provides a comparative discussion of commercial insurance results of operations for 2014, 2013 and 2012 by operating segment.
73

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance property casualty results the following table presents property casualty results:
years ended december 31,                                                                     percentage change

(in millions)                                      2014           2013            2012           2014              2013
vs. 2013          vs. 2012
underwriting results:
net premiums written                            $21,020        $20,880         $20,348              1      %          3   %
(increase) decrease in unearned premiums          (135)          (203)             500             33                nm net premiums earned                              20,885         20,677          20,848              1               (1)
losses and loss adjustment expenses              14,956         14,872          16,779              1              (11)
incurred acquisition expenses:
amortization of deferred policy                   2,486          2,394           2,673              4              (10)
acquisition costs other acquisition expenses                          796            937             783           (15)                20
total acquisition expenses                        3,282          3,331           3,456            (1)               (4)
general operating expenses                        2,697          2,810           2,883            (4)               (3)
underwriting loss                                  (50)          (336)         (2,270)             85                85
net investment income                             4,298          4,431           3,951            (3)                12
pre-tax operating income                         $4,248         $4,095          $1,681              4      %        144   %
net premiums written   pre-tax operating income
(in millions)            (in millions)

2014 and 2013 comparison pre‐tax operating income increased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to decreases in underwriting loss, partially offset by a decrease in net investment income. the decrease in underwriting loss was primarily due to an increase in production, lower charges due to changes in discount for workers' compensation reserves as discussed further under insurance reserves - non-life insurance companies- discounting of reserves, lower catastrophe losses and lower general operating expenses. the loss reserve discount charge decreased to $71 million in 2014 from $322 million in 2013. catastrophe losses decreased to $602 million in 2014 from $710 million in 2013. these decreases were partially offset by higher adverse prior year loss reserve development in all lines of business except for property, and an increase in current accident year losses reflecting higher frequency of non-severe losses in the property and specialty businesses. the current accident year losses for 2014 included 30 severe losses totaling $592 million compared to 27 severe losses totaling $569 million in the prior year. net adverse prior year loss reserve development, including related premium adjustments, was $550 million and $294 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as discussed further under insurance reserves - non-life insurance companies - net loss development.
74

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance acquisition expenses decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to a reduction in expenses related to personnel engaged in sales support activities, and lower premium taxes and guaranty fund and other assessments reflecting a change in business mix.
general operating expenses decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher technology-related expenses and an increase in bad debt expense. in the prior year, general operating expenses benefitted from an unusually low bad debt expense.
net investment income decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a decrease in interest rates during 2014, as yields on new purchases were lower than the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio, lower income on alternative investments, and lower income associated with investments accounted for under the fair value option, as the increase related to the picc p&c rights offerings was more than offset by a decrease from fixed maturity investments accounted for under the fair value option. these were partially offset by the effect of continued portfolio diversification. additionally, the decrease in allocated net investment income is also due to a reduction in net loss reserves.
see md&a - investments for additional information on the non-life insurance companies invested assets, investment strategy, and asset-liability management process.
2013 and 2012 comparison pre-tax operating income increased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to a lower underwriting loss as a result of lower catastrophe losses, rate increases, enhanced risk selection and loss mitigation activities and an increase in net investment income. catastrophe losses decreased to $710 million in 2013 from $2.3 billion in 2012. partially offsetting these improvements was a loss reserve discount charge of $322 million in 2013, compared to a $100 million benefit in 2012. see insurance reserves- non-life insurance companies- discounting of reserves for further discussion. in addition, the current accident year losses for 2013 included severe losses of $569 million compared to $293 million in 2012. this increase was driven largely by a large property loss and related contingent business interruption claims, totaling $131 million in 2013 and by an increased frequency of severe losses in 2013 compared to 2012. net adverse prior year loss reserve development increased by $30 million compared to 2012. net adverse prior year loss reserve development, including related premium adjustments was $294 million in 2013, which included $149 million of adverse prior year loss reserve development related to storm sandy, compared to $236 million in 2012. the adverse prior year loss reserve development related to storm sandy resulted from higher severities on a small number of existing large and complex commercial claims.  these increased severities were driven by a number of factors, including the extensive damage caused to properties in the downtown new york metropolitan area.
acquisition expenses decreased in 2013, compared to 2012, due to changes in reinsurance, the timing of guaranty funds and other assessments, as well as change in business mix.
general operating expenses decreased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to a decrease in bad debt expense and reduced costs for strategic initiatives. bad debt expense decreased by $159 million in 2013 from $140 million in 2012. the decrease in bad debt expense was primarily due to reductions in prior year reserves, as collections exceeded the originally estimated recoveries. strategic initiatives which include technology-related expenses and those severance charges borne by property casualty, decreased by $137 million in 2013 from $277 million in 2012. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in the cost of employee incentive plans primarily due to an improved alignment of employee performance with the overall performance of the organization, including our stock performance, and accelerated vesting provisions for retirement-eligible individuals in the 2013 share-based plan.
net investment income increased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to increased alternative investment income derived from equity market performance and income associated with the picc p&c shares that are accounted for under the fair value option. this alternative investment performance was primarily due to our investments in hedge funds, which benefited from equity market performance. fair value increases also contributed to the net investment income increase. the portion of our investment in picc p&c shares accounted for under the fair value option contributed $110 million to net investment income. although interest rates remained at historically low levels, there were upward movements in rates throughout the year, with the ten year u.s. treasury yield increasing 126 basis points during 2013.  these increasing rates, coupled with continued portfolio diversification, helped mitigate the effects of interest rates on matured or sold investments
75

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance exceeding new investment yields. the combination of improving yield differential and above average alternative investment returns increased the return on invested assets by approximately 0.4 points to 4.2 percent.
property casualty net premiums written the following table presents property casualty's net premiums written by major line of business:
years ended december 31,                                                              percentage change

(in millions)                                 2014          2013          2012          2014              2013
vs. 2013          vs. 2012
casualty                                    $7,649        $8,154        $8,585           (6)      %        (5)   %
property                                     5,136         4,718         4,204             9                12
specialty                                    3,714         3,737         3,587           (1)                 4
financial lines                              4,521         4,271         3,972             6                 8
total property casualty net premiums written                                    $21,020       $20,880       $20,348             1      %          3   %
property casualty net premiums written by line of business
(in millions)

2014 and 2013 comparison property casualty net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting increases in new business related to targeted growth products in property and financial lines.
casualty net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the effect on renewals from our strategy to enhance risk selection, particularly in the americas. strong growth and new writings in certain lines of business, particularly in emea, were more than offset by the declines in the americas.
property net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to new business increases in targeted growth products, and optimization of property casualty's reinsurance structure as part of its decision to retain more favorable risks while continuing to manage aggregate exposure.
we entered into a catastrophe bond reinsurance transaction, effective as of january 1, 2014, with tradewynd re ltd., which provides property casualty and personal insurance with up to $400 million of indemnity reinsurance protection against u.s.,
76

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance gulf of mexico and caribbean named storms, and u.s. and canadian earthquakes. to fund its potential obligations to us, tradewynd re ltd. issued three tranches of notes. the transaction provides property casualty and personal insurance with fully collateralized coverage against losses from those events on a per-occurrence basis through december 2016. catastrophe bond reinsurance transactions reduced net premiums written by $56 million and $140 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
specialty net premiums written decreased slightly in 2014, compared to 2013 primarily reflecting lower retention and rate decline in the emea region. this decline was largely offset by new business increases related to targeted growth products, including growth in small‐ and medium‐sized enterprise markets in the americas region.
financial lines net premiums written increased in 2014, compared to 2013 reflecting growth in new business related to targeted growth products across all regions, as well as a favorable rate environment in the u.s.
2013 and 2012 comparison casualty net premiums written decreased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to the execution of our strategy to enhance risk selection, particularly in the americas and emea, as well as to increase specific reinsurance purchases to better manage our exposures. changes in reinsurance strategy decreased net premiums written by approximately $185 million in 2013, compared to 2012. we implemented rate increases in retained business, especially in the u.s., that partially offset these premium decreases.
property net premiums written increased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to growth in new business across all regions, favorable retention in renewal businesses and increases in coverage limits and changes to our per-risk reinsurance program to retain more favorable risks, while continuing to manage aggregate exposure. catastrophe-exposed businesses in the americas also benefitted from rate increases.
the increase in net premiums written was partially offset by the effect of catastrophe bond transactions which provide coverage for several years with ceded written premium recognized at the inception of the transaction. in 2013, we entered into two multi-year catastrophe bond transactions, which provide $525 million of indemnity protection, in the aggregate, against u.s., caribbean and gulf of mexico named storms, and u.s. and canadian earthquakes through the end of 2018. these transactions reduced net premiums written in 2013 by $140 million. there was no similar reduction in 2012 as our previous catastrophe bond issuance occurred in the fourth quarter of 2011.
specialty net premiums written increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to rate increases in environmental business, small-and medium-sized enterprise markets in the americas region, and new business growth in emea. additionally, the restructuring of our reinsurance program to retain more favorable risks while continuing to manage aggregate exposure, increased net premiums written by $144 million in 2013, compared to 2012.
financial lines net premiums written increased in 2013 compared to 2012, reflecting growth in new business related to targeted growth products, particularly in the emea region as well as an improved rate environment globally. global professional indemnity net premiums written increased by $86 million in 2013 compared to 2012, due to improved rates, strong new business growth and the restructuring of our reinsurance program, as part of our decision to retain more favorable risks while continuing to manage aggregate exposure.
see part i. item 1 business - reinsurance activities for further discussion on catastrophe bond transactions.
77

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance property casualty net premiums written by region the following table presents property casualty's net premiums written by region:
percentage change in                     percentage change in

years ended december 31,                                                                         u.s. dollars                        original currency
(in millions)                       2014          2013          2012          2014               2013                  2014               2013
vs. 2013           vs. 2012              vs. 2013           vs. 2012
property casualty:
americas                         $13,799       $14,050       $13,718           (2)       %          2   %               (2)       %          3   %
asia pacific                       2,029         2,035         2,016             -                  1                     5                 11
emea                               5,192         4,795         4,614             8                  4                     7                  4
total net premiums written       $21,020       $20,880       $20,348             1       %          3   %                 1       %          4   %
property casualty net premiums written by region
(in millions)

2014 and 2013 comparison the americas net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to declines in new business growth and rate pressure, particularly in the casualty business. however, for 2014, the decrease in net premiums written was partially offset by lower ceded premiums from catastrophe reinsurance transactions described above in 2014 compared to 2013.
asia pacific net premiums written decreased slightly in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the japanese yen. excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written increased primarily due to increases in targeted growth products, and changes to optimize our reinsurance structure as part of our decision to retain more favorable risks while continuing to manage aggregate exposure, particularly in japan.
emea net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013, due to new business growth across all lines of businesses, except for specialty.
2013 and 2012 comparison the americas net premiums written increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to rate increases, partially offset by decreases in casualty business reflecting the execution of our strategy to enhance risk selection and the effect of the timing of the catastrophe reinsurance transactions.
78

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance asia pacific net premiums written increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to organic growth and rate increases in property, specialty, and casualty. in addition, our decision to retain more favorable risks in property and financial lines increased net premiums written in 2013 compared to 2012.
emea net premiums written increased in 2013 compared to 2012, due to new business growth, particularly in property and financial lines, and a change in reinsurance strategies to retain more favorable risks in those lines.
property casualty underwriting ratios the following tables present the property casualty combined ratios based on gaap data and reconciliation to the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted:
increase (decrease)

years ended december 31,                          2014         2013     2012            2014        2013
vs. 2013    vs. 2012
loss ratio                                        71.6         71.9     80.5           (0.3)       (8.6)
catastrophe losses and reinstatement             (2.9)        (3.4)   (10.9)             0.5         7.5
premiums prior year development net of premium            (2.8)        (1.5)    (1.2)           (1.3)       (0.3)
adjustments net reserve discount benefit (charge)            (0.3)        (1.6)      0.5             1.3       (2.1)
accident year loss ratio, as adjusted             65.6         65.4     68.9             0.2       (3.5)
acquisition ratio                                 15.7         16.1     16.6           (0.4)       (0.5)
general operating expense ratio                   12.9         13.6     13.8           (0.7)       (0.2)
expense ratio                                     28.6         29.7     30.4           (1.1)       (0.7)
combined ratio                                   100.2        101.6    110.9           (1.4)       (9.3)
catastrophe losses and reinstatement             (2.9)        (3.4)   (10.9)             0.5         7.5
premiums prior year development net of premium            (2.8)        (1.5)    (1.2)           (1.3)       (0.3)
adjustments net reserve discount benefit (charge)            (0.3)        (1.6)      0.5             1.3       (2.1)
accident year combined ratio, as adjusted         94.2         95.1     99.3           (0.9)       (4.2)
property casualty ratios

see insurance reserves - non-life insurance companies for further discussion of discounting of reserves and prior year development.
79

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance the following tables present property casualty's accident year catastrophe and severe losses by region and number of events:
catastrophes(a)
#                        asia of

(in millions)                       events       americas     pacific      emea         total year ended december 31, 2014
flooding                                 1            $16          $-        $-           $16
windstorms and hailstorms               14            306          63        21           390
tropical cyclone                         4             96          34        15           145
earthquakes                              1             48           -         1            49
reinstatement premiums                                  -           -         2             2
total catastrophe-related charges       20           $466         $97       $39          $602
year ended december 31, 2013
flooding                                 8           $195          $8      $114          $317
windstorms and hailstorms               10            205           -        78           283
wildfire                                 1             40           -         -            40
tropical cyclone                         3              4          66         -            70
total catastrophe-related charges       22           $444         $74      $192          $710
year ended december 31, 2012
flooding                                 1             $-          $-       $23           $23
windstorms and hailstorms                9            299          30        23           352
tropical cyclone(b)                      3          1,638           9       113         1,760
drought                                  1            108           -         -           108
reinstatement premiums                                 27           -         -            27
total catastrophe-related charges       14         $2,072         $39      $159        $2,270
(a) catastrophes are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on commercial insurance in excess of $10 million each.
(b) includes storm sandy flooding and wind damage losses of $1.7 billion.
severe losses*
years ended december 31,     #                       asia of

(in millions)   events      americas     pacific      emea        total
2014       30          $169         $73      $350         $592
2013       27          $139        $184      $246         $569
2012       19           $93         $74      $126         $293
*    severe losses are defined as non-catastrophe individual first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.
2014 and 2013 comparison the combined ratio decreased by 1.4 points in 2014 compared to 2013 reflecting decreases in the expense ratio and the loss ratio.
the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 0.9 points in 2014 compared 2013, primarily due to lower expense ratio which was partially offset by a higher accident year loss ratio, as adjusted.
the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.2 points in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily due to higher frequency of non-severe losses, particularly in property and specialty businesses. this was partially offset by an improvement in financial lines, particularly in the u.s., reflecting enhanced risk selection and pricing discipline. severe losses represented approximately 2.8 points of the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in both 2014 and 2013.
the acquisition ratio decreased by 0.4 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a reduction in expenses of personnel engaged in sales support activities, lower premium taxes and guaranty fund and other assessments.
80

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance the general operating expense ratio decreased by 0.7 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher technology-related expenses and an increase in bad debt expense. in 2013, general operating expenses benefitted from an unusually low bad debt expense.
2013 and 2012 comparison the combined ratio decreased by 9.3 points in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to a decrease in the loss ratio.
the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, improved by 4.2 points in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to a lower accident year loss ratio, as adjusted.
the improvement in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, reflects the realization of benefits from the continued execution of our strategy to enhance risk selection, pricing discipline, exposure management and claims processing. although the execution of these strategies resulted in a reduction of casualty net premiums written in both the americas and emea regions, it also improved the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted. severe losses represented approximately 2.8 points in 2013 compared to 1.4 points in 2012, and are included in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted. in 2013, one single event, totaling $131 million, accounted for approximately 0.6 points of the increase.
the acquisition ratio decreased by 0.5 points in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to a change in business mix and reinsurance structures.
the general operating expense ratio decreased by 0.2 points in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to a reduction in bad debt expense, which contributed approximately 0.8 points to the decrease, and lower strategic initiatives expenses, which contributed approximately 0.6 points to the decrease. these decreases were partially offset by the increase in employee incentive plan expense, which represented an approximately 1.0 point increase.
mortgage guaranty results the following table presents mortgage guaranty results:
years ended december 31,                                                                     percentage change

(dollars in millions)                         2014              2013          2012       2014 vs. 2013            2013 vs. 2012
underwriting results:
net premiums written                        $1,024            $1,048          $858                 (2)      %       22   %
increase in unearned premiums                (120)             (239)         (143)                  50            (67)
net premiums earned                            904               809           715                  12              13
losses and loss adjustment expenses            223               514           659                (57)            (22)
incurred acquisition expenses:
amortization of deferred policy                 22                20            16                  10              25
acquisition costs other acquisition expenses                      49                60            52                (18)              15
total acquisition expenses                      71                80            68                (11)              18
general operating expenses                     156               142           125                  10              14
underwriting income (loss)                     454                73         (137)                  nm              nm net investment income                          138               132           146                   5            (10)
pre-tax operating income                       592               205             9                 189              nm key metrics:
prior year loss reserve development
(favorable)/
unfavorable                                 $(104)               $30         $(78)                  nm      %       nm   %
domestic first-lien:
new insurance written                      $42,038           $49,356       $37,273                (15)              32
combined ratio                                52.6              91.1         134.4
risk in force                              $42,106           $36,367       $28,967                  16              26
60+ day delinquency ratio on primary           4.4   %           5.9     %     8.8   %
loans(a)
domestic second-lien:
risk in force(b)                              $446            $1,026        $1,261                (57)            (19)
81

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance
(a) based on number of policies.
(b) represents the full amount of second-lien loans insured reduced for contractual aggregate loss limits on certain pools of loans, which is usually 10 percent of the full amount of loans insured in each pool. certain second-lien pools have reinstatement provisions, which will expire as the loan balances are repaid.
pre-tax operating income   domestic first-lien new insurance written
(in millions)                       (in millions)

2014 and 2013 comparison pre-tax operating income increased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to a decline in incurred losses from lower delinquency rates, higher cure rates and an increase in first-lien net premiums earned reflecting higher persistency.
first lien results first-lien pre-tax operating income increased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to improved underwriting income as a result of a $229 million decrease in first-lien losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred reflecting fewer new delinquencies, favorable prior year loss reserve development, and higher cure rates. in addition, first-lien pre-tax operating income increased due to a $119 million increase in first-lien net premiums earned in 2014 compared to 2013, largely from growth in the book of business, higher persistency, and, to a lesser extent, the acceleration of premiums earned as the result of the recognition of a shorter expected coverage period on certain single premium business. the decrease in first-lien losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred combined with the increase in earned premiums resulted in an improved combined ratio of 52.6 points in 2014 compared to 91.1 points in 2013.
acquisition expenses decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily as a result of the decrease in new insurance written related to the decline in mortgage originations.
general operating expenses increased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to increased technology expenses and an impairment charge on certain capitalized technology costs.
other business results other business results include second-lien insurance, student loan insurance and non-domestic mortgage insurance operations.
the other business' pre-tax operating income for 2014 was $82 million compared to $27 million in 2013. the increase in pre-tax operating income is due to a decline in losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred of $62 million and a $17 million reduction in underwriting expenses, partially offset by a decline in net premiums earned of $22 million and a decline in net investment income of $2 million.
82

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance
2013 and 2012 comparison pre-tax operating income increased in 2013 compared to 2012 due to an increase in net premiums earned and a decline in incurred losses from lower delinquency rates and higher cure rates.
first lien results first-lien pre-tax operating income increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to improved underwriting income as a result of a $157 million decrease in first-lien losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred reflecting lower newly reported delinquencies and higher cure rates and a $127 million increase in first-lien net premiums earned largely from growth in the book of business in 2013. this increase was partially offset by $46 million of unfavorable prior year development in 2013 compared to unfavorable prior year development of $17 million in 2012. the decline in first-lien losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred combined with the increase in earned premiums resulted in an improved combined ratio of 91.1 points in 2013 compared to 134.4 points in 2012.
acquisition expenses increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily as a result of the increase in new insurance written related to the increase in mortgage originations resulting from the addition and expansion in distribution channels.
general operating expenses increased in 2013 compared to 2012 due to increased servicing costs related to the growth in the in-force business.
other business results other business results include second-lien insurance, student loan insurance and non-domestic mortgage insurance operations.
the other business' pre-tax operating income for 2013 was $27 million, $56 million lower than 2012. the decline in pre-tax operating income was primarily due to a decline in net premiums earned of $32 million and an increase in losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred of $12 million, and a $2 million increase in underwriting expenses.
new insurance written the decline in domestic first-lien new insurance written to $42.0 billion in 2014 from $49.4 billion in 2013 was primarily due to the contraction in the mortgage originations market and an increase in competition.
new insurance written increased to $49.4 billion in 2013 from $37.3 billion in 2012 due to the increase in mortgage originations.
delinquency inventory the delinquency inventory for domestic first lien business declined during 2014 as a result of cures and paid claims exceeding the number of newly reported delinquencies. mortgage guaranty's first lien primary delinquency ratio at december 31, 2014 was 4.4 percent compared to 5.9 percent at december 31, 2013. over the last several quarters, mortgage guaranty has experienced a decline in newly reported defaults and an increase in cure rates.
the delinquency inventory for domestic first lien business declined during 2013 as a result of higher cure rates and fewer newly reported delinquencies. mortgage guaranty's first lien primary delinquency ratio at december 31, 2013 was 5.9 percent compared to 8.8 percent at december 31, 2012.
83

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance the following table provides a summary of activity in mortgage guaranty's domestic first lien delinquency inventory:
years ended december 31,

(number of policies)                        2014            2013            2012
number of delinquencies at the beginning           47,518          62,832          94,034
of the year newly reported                                     47,239          56,194          70,552
cures                                            (42,680)        (51,283)        (58,993)
claims paid                                      (11,601)        (19,862)        (30,712)
other                                             (2,119)           (363)        (12,049)
number of delinquencies at the end of the          38,357          47,518          62,832
year mortgage guaranty underwriting ratios the following tables present the mortgage guaranty combined ratios based on gaap data:
years ended december 31,                                           increase (decrease)

2014      2013      2012       2014              2013
vs. 2013          vs. 2012
loss ratio                           24.7      63.5      92.2     (38.8)            (28.7)
acquisition ratio                     7.8       9.9       9.5      (2.1)               0.4
general operating expense ratio      17.3      17.5      17.5      (0.2)                 -
expense ratio                        25.1      27.4      27.0      (2.3)               0.4
combined ratio                       49.8      90.9     119.2     (41.1)            (28.3)
2014 and 2013 comparison the combined ratio decreased by 41.1 points in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease was driven primarily by a reduction in the loss ratio due to lower losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred from fewer new delinquencies, favorable prior year loss reserve development, and higher cure rates.
the acquisition ratio decreased by 2.1 points in 2014 compared to 2013.  acquisition expenses decreased compared to an increase in net premiums earned, driven by the decreases in new insurance written in 2014 due to lower mortgage originations.
the general operating expense ratio decreased by 0.2 points in 2014 compared to 2013.  the decrease was driven primarily by growth in earned premiums.
2013 and 2012 comparison the combined ratio decreased by 28.3 points in 2013 compared to 2012.  the decrease was driven primarily by a reduction in the loss ratio by 28.7 points in 2013 due to lower losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred.
the acquisition ratio increased by 0.4 points in 2013 compared to 2012.  the increase in acquisition expense was driven by the increase in mortgage originations.
the general operating expense ratio remained relatively unchanged in 2013 compared to 2012.
84

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance institutional markets results the following table presents institutional markets results:
years ended december 31,                                                              percentage change

(in millions)                                     2014         2013         2012           2014                     2013
vs. 2013                 vs. 2012
revenues:
premiums                                          $432         $610         $458           (29)   %                   33   %
policy fees                                        187          113          102             65                       11
net investment income                            1,957        2,090        2,066            (6)                        1
benefits and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred        1,396        1,616        1,432           (14)                       13
interest credited to policyholder account          410          413          571            (1)                     (28)
balances amortization of deferred policy                      4            4            3              -                       33
acquisition costs other acquisition expenses                          30           36           39           (17)                      (8)
general operating expenses                          66           64           56              3                       14
pre-tax operating income                          $670         $680         $525            (1)                       30
institutional markets pre-tax operating income (in millions)

2014 and 2013 comparison pre-tax operating income for 2014 decreased slightly compared to 2013, as a decrease in net investment income was only partially offset by an increase in fee income. the increase in fee income was driven by growth in reserves and assets under management, primarily from strong development of the stable value wrap business. the notional amount of stable value wrap assets under management at december 31, 2014 grew by $7.8 billion or 32 percent from december 31, 2013, which excluded a $2.5 billion deposit to the separate accounts for a stable value funding agreement. growth in reserves also reflected a gic deposit of $450 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 under a funding agreement-backed notes issuance program, in which an unaffiliated, non-consolidated statutory trust issues to investors medium-term notes, which are secured by gics issued by one of the life insurance companies. under the funding agreement-backed notes program, issuances will be made opportunistically based upon pricing and demand available in the marketplace.
net investment income for 2014 decreased compared to 2013, primarily due to lower net investment income from alternative investments and from the base portfolio. the 2014 decrease in alternative investment income of $41 million compared to 2013 primarily reflected high hedge fund income in 2013 due to favorable equity market conditions. the decrease in base net investment income in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily reflected lower base portfolio yield as a result of reinvestment in the
85

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / commercial insurance low interest rate environment, partially offset by growth in average assets. see md&a - investments - life insurance companies for additional information on the investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested assets of our life insurance companies, which include the invested assets of the institutional markets business.
general operating expenses in 2014 increased slightly compared to 2013, primarily due to investments in technology.
2013 and 2012 comparison pre-tax operating income for 2013 increased compared to 2012, due in part to higher net investment income from alternative investments, partially offset by lower base net investment income. interest credited to policyholder account balances in 2012 included $110 million of expense resulting from a comprehensive review of reserves for the gic portfolio. results for 2013 included a full year of the growing stable value wrap business, which contributed $31 million to the increase in pre-tax operating income compared to 2012. stable value wrap notional assets under management grew to $24.6 billion at december 31, 2013 from $10.4 billion at december 31, 2012, including the notional amount of contracts transferred from an aig affiliate.
net investment income for 2013 increased slightly compared to 2012, primarily due to higher net investment income from alternative investments, largely offset by lower income from the base portfolio. the increase in alternative investment income in 2013 compared to 2012 reflected higher hedge fund income due to favorable equity market conditions. the decrease in base net income was primarily due to investment of available cash, including proceeds from sales of securities made during 2013 to utilize capital loss carryforwards, at rates below the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio.
general operating expenses in 2013 increased compared to 2012, primarily to support increased volume in the stable value wrap business.
institutional markets premiums, deposits and net flows for institutional markets, premiums represent amounts received on traditional life insurance policies and life-contingent payout annuities or structured settlements. premiums and deposits is a non‐gaap financial measure that includes direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received on universal life insurance and investment-type annuity contracts, including gics and stable value wrap funding agreements.
the following table presents a reconciliation of institutional markets premiums and deposits to gaap premiums:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                       2014         2013         2012
premiums and deposits             $3,797         $991         $774
deposits                         (3,344)        (354)        (289)
other                               (21)         (27)         (27)
premiums                            $432         $610         $458
the decrease in premiums in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to a high volume of single-premium products sold in 2013, including life-contingent payout annuities.  sales of these products decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to a more competitive environment as well as continued low interest rates.  the increase in deposits in 2014 compared to 2013 included a $2.5 billion deposit to the separate accounts of one of the life insurance companies for a stable value wrap funding agreement. the majority of stable value wrap sales are measured based on the notional amount included in assets under management, but do not include the receipt of funds that would be included in premiums and deposits.  the increase in deposits in 2014 compared to 2013 also reflected a $450 million gic issued in 2014.
the increase in premiums in 2013 compared to 2012 reflected a high volume of single-premium product sales in 2013, including structured settlements with life contingencies and terminal funding annuities. the increase in deposits in 2013 compared to 2012 reflected strong sales of high net worth products, primarily private placement variable annuities.
86

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance consumer insurance consumer insurance results the following table presents consumer insurance results:
years ended december 31,                                                                    percentage change

(in millions)                                       2014           2013           2012           2014              2013
vs. 2013          vs. 2012
revenues:
premiums                                         $14,936        $15,302        $16,027            (2)      %        (5)   %
policy fees                                        2,453          2,252          2,113              9                 7
net investment income                              9,082          9,352          9,262            (3)                 1
other income                                       1,998          1,754          1,344             14                31
benefits and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred         10,796         10,957         11,696            (1)               (6)
interest credited to policyholder account          3,353          3,477          3,769            (4)               (8)
balances amortization of deferred policy                    2,759          2,836          2,850            (3)                 -
acquisition costs general operating and other expenses*              7,087          6,826          6,695              4                 2
pre-tax operating income                          $4,474         $4,564         $3,736            (2)      %         22   %
*    includes general operating expenses, non deferrable commissions, other acquisition expenses, advisory fee expenses and other expenses.
consumer insurance results by operating segment consumer insurance presents its operating results in three operating segments - retirement, life and personal insurance. the following section provides a comparative discussion of consumer insurance results of operations for 2014, 2013 and 2012 by operating segment.
retirement results the following table presents retirement results:
years ended december 31,                                                                 percentage change

(in millions)                                      2014          2013          2012           2014                     2013
vs. 2013                 vs. 2012
revenues:
premiums                                           $287          $188          $120             53   %                   57   %
policy fees                                       1,010           861           743             17                       16
net investment income                             6,489         6,628         6,502            (2)                        2
advisory fee and other income                     1,998         1,754         1,344             14                       31
benefits and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred           537           364           331             48                       10
interest credited to policyholder account         2,846         2,935         3,258            (3)                     (10)
balances amortization of deferred policy                     346           273           403             27                     (32)
acquisition costs non deferrable insurance commissions                265           249           221              6                       13
advisory fee expenses                             1,315         1,175           893             12                       32
general operating expenses                          980           945           802              4                       18
pre-tax operating income                         $3,495        $3,490        $2,801              -   %                   25   %
87

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance retirement pre-tax operating income (in millions)

2014 and 2013 comparison pre-tax operating income for retirement in 2014 was comparable to 2013, as higher policy fees and the higher positive impact of actuarial assumption updates were offset by lower net investment income from alternative investments. the increase in policy fees was driven by growth in variable annuity separate account assets from positive net flows and favorable equity markets. a higher volume of commissions and advisory fees included in other income, net of related expenses, was driven by increased assets under management.
pre-tax operating income in both years included a net positive impact from the update of certain estimated gross profit assumptions used to amortize dac and related items in the investment-oriented product lines, which resulted in a $246 million net increase in pre-tax operating income in 2014, compared to a $233 million net increase in pre-tax operating income in 2013. see insurance reserves - life insurance companies dac and reserves - update of actuarial assumptions for amounts by product line and financial statement line item and additional discussion.
net investment income for 2014 decreased compared to 2013, primarily due to a $158 million decrease in income from alternative investments, including higher hedge fund income in 2013, which benefited from favorable equity market conditions and several large hedge fund redemptions. the decrease in hedge fund income in 2014 compared to 2013 was partially offset by an increase in private equity fund income.
base net investment income for 2014 increased slightly compared to 2013, as participation income on a commercial mortgage loan and income from the redemption of an invested asset in 2014 more than offset the effect of lower base yields from reinvestment at rates below the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio. see investments - life insurance companies for additional information on the investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested assets of our life insurance companies, which include the invested assets of the retirement business.
overall, retirement fixed maturity portfolio yields in 2014 declined compared to 2013, primarily as a result of investment purchases and investment of portfolio cash flows at rates below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio in the historically low interest rate environment. the fixed annuities and group retirement product lines were able to maintain base spreads in 2014 at a level comparable to 2013, and retirement income solutions base spread increased, as a result of active crediting rate management. see spread management below for additional discussion.
general operating expenses increased in 2014 compared to 2013, due in part to technology investments and the volume of continued sales growth of annuities in the retirement income solutions and fixed annuities product lines.
88

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance
2013 and 2012 comparison pre-tax operating income for retirement in 2013 increased significantly compared to 2012, reflecting higher fee income from variable annuities driven by growth in assets under management, active spread management in interest rate sensitive product lines, higher alternative investment income, and higher positive impact of actuarial assumption updates. commissions and advisory fees reflected in advisory fee and other income, and related advisory fee expenses, were both higher in 2013 compared to 2012 principally due to the acquisition of woodbury financial services inc. (woodbury financial) in november 2012.
pre-tax operating income in 2013 included a net increase of $233 million from adjustments to update certain gross profit assumptions used to amortize dac and related items in investment-oriented product lines, compared to a net increase of $84 million in 2012. see insurance reserves - life insurance companies dac and reserves - update of actuarial assumptions for additional information on assumption updates.
net investment income for 2013 increased compared to 2012, primarily due to higher income from alternative investments, partially offset by ml ii fair value gains recognized in 2012 and lower base income due to reinvestment of investment proceeds at lower rates. the $340 million increase in alternative investment income in 2013 compared to 2012 reflected higher hedge fund income in 2013 due to favorable equity market conditions and several large redemptions from hedge funds.
general operating expenses increased in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily to support stronger sales of annuities in the retirement income solutions and fixed annuities product lines and increased retail mutual fund sales.  higher operating expenses in 2013 also reflected the acquisition of woodbury financial in november 2012, and the absence of guaranty fund assessment credits received in 2012.
spread management the contractual provisions for renewal of crediting rates and guaranteed minimum crediting rates included in products may have the effect, in a sustained low interest rate environment, of reducing spreads and thus reducing future profitability. although this interest rate risk is partially mitigated through the life insurance companies' asset‐liability management process, product design elements and crediting rate strategies, a sustained low interest rate environment may negatively affect future profitability.
disciplined pricing on new business and active crediting rate management have allowed the retirement operating segment to maintain base investment spread rates in the fixed annuities and group retirement product lines for 2014 at a level comparable to 2013, during a period in which base yields continued to decline due to investment of available cash flows in the low interest rate environment, including the full year impact from reinvestment of proceeds from sales made during 2013 to utilize capital loss carryforwards.  the base investment spread rates for the fixed annuities and group retirement product line improved in 2013 compared to 2012 as a result of our disciplined pricing and management of renewal crediting rates.
disciplined pricing on new business is used to pursue new sales of annuity products at targeted net investment spreads in the current rate environment. retirement has an active product management process to ensure that new business offerings appropriately reflect the current interest rate environment. to the extent that retirement cannot achieve targeted net investment spreads on new business, products are re-priced or no longer sold. additionally, where appropriate, existing products that had higher minimum rate guarantees have been re-filed with lower crediting rates as permitted under state insurance laws for new sales. as a result, new sales of fixed annuity products generally have minimum interest rate guarantees of one percent.
renewal crediting rate management is done under contractual provisions in annuity products that were designed to allow crediting rates to be reset at pre-established intervals subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees. retirement has adjusted, and will continue to adjust, crediting rates to maintain targeted net investment spreads on in-force business. in addition to deferred annuity products, certain traditional long-duration products for which retirement does not have the ability to adjust interest rates, such as payout annuities, are exposed to reduced earnings and potential loss recognition reserve increases in a sustained low interest rate environment. see insurance reserves - life insurance companies dac and reserves - loss recognition for additional discussion.
89

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance as of december 31, 2014, retirement's fixed annuity reserves, which include fixed options offered within variable annuities sold in the group retirement and retirement income solutions product lines as well as reserves of the fixed annuities product line, had minimum guaranteed interest rates ranging from 1.0 percent to 5.5 percent, with the higher rates representing guarantees on older in-force products. as indicated in the table below, approximately 71 percent of annuity account values were at their minimum crediting rates as of december 31, 2014, compared to 74 percent at december 31, 2013. the decrease during 2014 in the percentage of annuity account values at the minimum crediting rate was primarily due to new deposits that were crediting at rates above the contractual minimum, and may include sales inducements, as well as the run-off of older business that was at minimum crediting rates. as a result of disciplined pricing on new business and the run-off of older business with higher minimum interest crediting rates, fixed annuity account values having contractual minimum guaranteed rates above 1 percent decreased from 84 percent at december 31, 2013 to 79 percent at december 31, 2014.
the following table presents fixed annuity account values by contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate and current crediting rates:
current crediting rates

december 31, 2014                                         1-50   more basis   than 50
contractual minimum guaranteed   at                     points   basis contractual             above   points interest rate                    minimum               minimum   above minimum
(in millions)                    guarantee           guarantee   guarantee             total fixed annuities *
1%                               $2,277                 $7,732   $10,271             $20,280
&gt; 1% - 2%                             12,450          3,502          4,453         20,405
&gt; 2% - 3%                             31,674            136          1,818         33,628
&gt; 3% - 4%                             12,922             51   14                   12,987
&gt; 4% - 5%                              7,966              -   4                     7,970
&gt; 5% - 5.5%                   224                         -   5                       229
total                            $67,513               $11,421   $16,565             $95,499
percentage of total              71                  %      12   %         17     %      100   %
*    fixed annuities shown include fixed options within variable annuities sold in group retirement and retirement income solutions product lines.
retirement premiums and deposits, surrenders and net flows premiums for retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts received on life-contingent payout annuities. premiums and deposits is a non‐gaap financial measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums, deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds.
the following table presents a reconciliation of retirement premiums and deposits to gaap premiums:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                        2014             2013             2012
premiums and deposits             $24,023          $23,729          $16,048
deposits                         (23,903)         (23,690)         (16,203)
other                                 167              149              275
premiums                             $287             $188             $120
premiums increased in 2014 compared to 2013, and in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to higher immediate annuity premiums in the fixed annuities product line.
90

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance premiums and deposits and net flows the following table presents retirement premiums and deposits and net flows by product line:
years                                                                        percentage change ended december 31,

(in millions)                                     2014          2013          2012           2014               2013
vs. 2013           vs. 2012
fixed annuities                                 $3,578        $2,914        $1,469             23       %         98   %
retirement income solutions                     10,325         8,608         4,828             20                 78
retail mutual funds                              3,377         4,956         2,723           (32)                 82
group retirement                                 6,743         7,251         7,028            (7)                  3
total retirement premiums and deposits*        $24,023       $23,729       $16,048              1       %         48   %
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                           2014           2013           2012
net flows fixed annuities                     $(2,313)       $(2,820)       $(4,252)
retirement income solutions            6,566          5,092          1,598
retail mutual funds                      (1)          2,780          1,018
group retirement                     (3,797)          (492)            302
total retirement net flows*             $455         $4,560       $(1,334)
*    excludes activity related to closed blocks of fixed and variable annuities, which had reserves of approximately $5.4 billion and $6.0 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
retirement premiums and deposits by product line (in millions)

premiums and deposits for retirement increased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to continued strong demand for variable and fixed index annuities in the retirement income solutions product lines and improved sales in fixed annuities, partially offset by lower deposits in retail mutual funds and group retirement. premiums and deposits improved significantly in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to strong sales across all product lines. see below for additional discussion of each product line.
net flows for annuity products included in the fixed annuities, retirement income solutions and group retirement product lines represent premiums and deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. net flows from mutual funds, which are included in both the retail mutual funds and group retirement product lines, represent deposits less withdrawals.
91

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance total net flows for retirement decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, as higher surrenders and withdrawals in 2014, primarily in the group retirement and retail mutual fund product lines, resulted in a significant decrease in net flows compared to 2013. net flows for retirement increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the increase in premiums and deposits, partially offset by higher surrenders in group retirement and retail mutual funds. see below for additional discussion of each product line.
premiums and deposits and net flows by product line a discussion of the significant variances in premiums and deposits and net flows for each product line follows:
fixed annuities deposits increased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to modest increases in interest rates and steepening of the yield curve in the first half of 2014, compared to lower rates in the prior year, particularly in the first half of 2013. the increase in fixed annuities deposits in 2013 compared to 2012 was due to the increase in market interest rates in the second half of 2013. fixed annuities net flows continued to be negative, but improved slightly in 2014 compared to 2013, and improved significantly in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the increased deposits.
retirement income solutions premiums and deposits and net flows increased significantly in 2014 compared to 2013, and in 2013 compared to 2012, reflecting a continued high volume of variable and index annuity sales, which have benefitted from consumer demand for retirement products with guaranteed benefit features, product enhancements, expanded distribution and a more favorable competitive environment. the improvement in the surrender rate (see surrender rates below) was primarily due to the significant growth in account value driven by the high volume of sales, which has increased the proportion of business that is within the surrender charge period.
retail mutual fund deposits and net flows decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 and increased in 2013 compared to 2012. these variances were primarily driven by activity in the focused dividend strategy fund, which had record sales in 2013. in 2014, the relative performance of the fund declined, putting pressure on sales and withdrawal activity.
group retirement net flows decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to higher group surrender activity, as well as lower premiums and deposits. the increase in surrenders and surrender rate for 2014 compared to 2013 included large group surrenders of approximately $2.7 billion, but reserves of this product line grew in 2014 compared to 2013, and the 2014 surrender activity is not expected to have a significant impact on pre-tax operating income in 2015. the large group market has become increasingly competitive and has been impacted by the consolidation of healthcare providers and other employers in our target markets. this trend of heightened competition is expected to continue in 2015 as plan sponsors perform reviews of existing retirement plan relationships.  the decrease in group retirement net flows in 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily a result of higher surrenders of individual participants as well as large group surrenders.
surrender rates the following table presents reserves for annuity product lines by surrender charge category:
at december 31,                                2014                                                     2013

group                           retirement               group                           retirement retirement             fixed             income          retirement             fixed             income
(in millions)                  products(a)         annuities          solutions         products(a)         annuities          solutions no surrender charge(b)             $61,751           $34,396             $1,871             $60,962           $30,906             $2,065
0% - 2%                              1,648             2,736             17,070               1,508             2,261             16,839
greater than 2% - 4%                 1,657             2,842              4,254               1,967             4,349              2,734
greater than 4%                      5,793            12,754             26,165               5,719            16,895             19,039
non-surrenderable                      770             3,464                151                 315             2,758                 67
total reserves                     $71,619           $56,192            $49,511             $70,471           $57,169            $40,744
(a) excludes mutual fund assets under management of $14.6 billion and $15.1 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(b) group retirement products in this category include reserves of approximately $6.2 billion at both december 31, 2014 and 2013 that are subject to 20 percent annual withdrawal limitations.
92

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance the following table presents surrender rates for deferred annuities by product line:
years ended december 31,

2014       2013       2012
surrenders as a percentage of average account value fixed                                          7.0    %   6.6    %   6.3   %
annuities retirement                                     7.1        8.7       10.3
income solutions group                                         11.6        9.0        8.7
retirement life results the following table presents life results:
years ended december 31,                                                                percentage change

(in millions)                                      2014          2013          2012          2014                     2013
vs. 2013                 vs. 2012
revenues:
premiums                                         $2,679        $2,737        $2,804           (2)   %                  (2)   %
policy fees                                       1,443         1,391         1,370             4                        2
net investment income                             2,199         2,269         2,283           (3)                      (1)
benefits and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred         3,771         3,568         3,601             6                      (1)
interest credited to policyholder account           507           542           511           (6)                        6
balances amortization of deferred policy                     321           360           400          (11)                     (10)
acquisition costs non deferrable insurance commissions                257           272           314           (6)                     (13)
general operating expenses                          885           849           895             4                      (5)
pre-tax operating income                           $580          $806          $736          (28)                       10
life pre-tax operating income (in millions)

2014 and 2013 comparison pre-tax operating income decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to increases in policyholder benefit reserves, lower net investment income and higher general operating expenses. updates of actuarial assumptions also decreased pre-tax operating income by $119 million in 2014 compared to $80 million in 2013.  the assumption updates in 2014 included $87 million of loss recognition expense to increase reserves for certain long-term care business. these decreases were partially offset by a $28 million increase in pre-tax operating income in 2014 compared to 2013, due to a 2013 increase in equity-indexed universal life reserves, which was reflected in interest credited to policyholder account balances.
93

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance overall, mortality experience for 2014 was similar to 2013 and within pricing assumptions. policyholder benefit expense in 2014 included an increase of approximately $104 million to the estimated reserves for ibnr death claims, which reflected continuing efforts to identify deceased insureds and their beneficiaries who have not presented a valid claim, pursuant to the 2012 resolution of a multi-state audit and market conduct examination. the 2014 increase in the ibnr reserve was related primarily to a legacy block of in-force and lapsed small face amount policies, for which the personal data elements to effect a match against the social security death master file are unavailable or incomplete, such as full legal name, date of birth or social security number. in 2014, in the process of reviewing these policies as required under the terms of the regulatory agreement, we have refined our estimate of the ultimate cost of these claims. the $104 million reserve increase in 2014 was in addition to amounts previously provided for ibnr claims in 2011 and 2012, which totaled $259 million. while we believe that we are adequately reserved for such claims, there can be no assurance that the ultimate cost will not vary from the current estimate.
net investment income decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to lower income from alternative investments and lower yields on the base portfolio due to investment of portfolio cash flows at rates below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio. see investments - life insurance companies for additional discussion of the investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested assets of our life insurance companies, which include the invested assets of the life business.
general operating expenses increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to strategic investments in technology and service platforms in the u.s. and japan.
2013 and 2012 comparison pre-tax operating income increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to additional expenses recorded in 2012, which included $67 million of loss recognition reserves for long-term care products, $57 million of additional ibnr claim reserves and an $11 million regulatory assessment related to the resolution of multi-state regulatory examinations of death claims practices, and an accrual of $20 million from consolidation of certain life operations and administrative systems. the increase in pre-tax operating income in 2013 due to the absence of these prior year expenses was partially offset by a $28 million increase in equity indexed universal life reserves in 2013, as well as a higher net negative adjustment of $80 million in 2013, compared to $43 million in 2012, to update certain gross profit assumptions used to amortize dac and related items for universal life products.
net investment income in 2013 decreased slightly compared to 2012, due to the absence of ml ii fair value gains recognized in 2012 and reinvestment of investment proceeds at lower rates, partially offset by higher income from alternative investments.
general operating expenses decreased in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to operational efficiencies driven by technology improvements and process consolidation efforts.
spread management disciplined pricing on new business is used to continue to pursue new sales of life products at targeted net investment spreads in a low interest rate environment. life has a dynamic product management process to ensure that new business offerings appropriately reflect the current interest rate environment. to the extent that life cannot achieve targeted net investment spreads on new business, products are re-priced or no longer sold. additionally, where appropriate, existing products with higher minimum rate guarantees have been re-filed with lower crediting rates as permitted under state insurance laws for new sales.  universal life insurance interest rate guarantees are generally 2 to 3 percent on new non-indexed products and zero to 2 percent on new indexed products, and are designed to be sufficiently low to meet targeted net investment spreads.
in-force management. crediting rates for in-force policies are adjusted in accordance with contractual provisions that were designed to allow crediting rates to be reset subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees.
94

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance the following table presents universal life account values by contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate and current crediting rates:
current crediting rates

december 31, 2014                                       1-50   more basis   than 50
contractual minimum guaranteed              at        points   basis contractual         above   points interest rate                          minimum       minimum   above minimum
(in millions)                        guarantee     guarantee   guarantee            total universal life insurance
1%                                         $83            $-   $6                     $89
&gt; 1% - 2%                                34           112   211                    357
&gt; 2% - 3%                               516           416          1,372         2,304
&gt; 3% - 4%                             2,119           516          1,157         3,792
&gt; 4% - 5%                             4,039           189          -             4,228
&gt; 5% - 5.5%                             331             -          -               331
total                                   $7,122        $1,233   $2,746             $11,101
percentage of total                         64      %     11   %      25        %     100   %
life premiums and deposits premiums for life represent amounts received on traditional life insurance policies and group benefit policies. premiums and deposits for life is a non‐gaap financial measure that includes direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received on universal life insurance.
the following table presents a reconciliation of life premiums and deposits to gaap premiums:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                       2014            2013            2012
premiums and deposits             $4,806          $4,862          $4,864
deposits                         (1,532)         (1,541)         (1,531)
other                              (595)           (584)           (529)
premiums                          $2,679          $2,737          $2,804
the decrease in life premiums in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to the non-renewal of certain group benefit accounts and the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the japanese yen, partially offset by solid growth in japan premiums excluding the effect of foreign exchange.  the decrease in premiums for 2013 compared to 2012 was the result of the run-off of an older block of traditional life in the u.s. and the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the japanese yen, which exceeded the increase from new sales of traditional products.
premiums and deposits decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, due to the decrease in premiums, and were consistent in 2013 with 2012.
95

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance personal insurance results the following table presents personal insurance results:
years ended december 31,                                                                 percentage change

(in millions)                                 2014           2013           2012           2014              2013
vs. 2013          vs. 2012
underwriting results:
net premiums written                       $12,412        $12,700        $13,302            (2)      %        (5)   %
increase in unearned premiums                (442)          (323)          (199)           (37)              (62)
net premiums earned                         11,970         12,377         13,103            (3)               (6)
losses and loss adjustment expenses          6,488          7,025          7,764            (8)              (10)
incurred acquisition expenses:
amortization of deferred policy              2,092          2,203          2,047            (5)                 8
acquisition costs other acquisition expenses                   1,165          1,044          1,273             12              (18)
total acquisition expenses                   3,257          3,247          3,320              -               (2)
general operating expenses                   2,220          2,292          2,297            (3)                 -
underwriting income (loss)                       5          (187)          (278)             nm                33
net investment income                          394            455            477           (13)               (5)
pre-tax operating income                      $399           $268           $199             49      %         35   %
net premiums written   pre-tax operating income
(in millions)            (in millions)

2014 and 2013 comparison pre‐tax operating income increased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a decrease in current accident year losses and lower general operating expenses, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses and lower net favorable prior year loss reserve development, higher acquisition expenses and a decrease in net investment income. catastrophe losses were $126 million in 2014, compared to $77 million in 2013. the accident year losses include severe losses of approximately $54 million in 2014 compared to $17 million in 2013. net favorable loss reserve development was $77 million in 2014 compared to $155 million in 2013, and included approximately $7 million of favorable loss reserve development from storm sandy compared to $41 million in 2013. foreign exchange did not have a significant impact on the pre-tax operating income compared to 2013.
acquisition expenses increased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to the change in business mix and higher costs in growth-targeted lines of business, partially offset by the effect of foreign exchange as a result of the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the japanese yen. direct marketing expenses, excluding commissions, for 2014 were $392 million, compared to
96

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance
$440 million in 2013. these expenses, while not deferrable, are expected to generate business that has an average expected overall persistency of approximately five years and, in japan, where the majority of the expenses are incurred, approximately nine years. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, direct marketing expenses decreased by approximately $24 million in 2014 compared to 2013. direct marketing accounted for approximately 17 percent of net premiums written in both 2014 and 2013.
general operating expenses decreased in 2014 compared to 2013. excluding the effect of foreign exchange, general operating expenses remained flat, as efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives were offset by increased technology-related expenses.
net investment income decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a decrease in interest rates during 2014, as yields on new purchases were lower than the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio, lower income on alternative investments, and lower income associated with investments accounted for under the fair value option method as an increase related to the picc p&c rights offerings was more than offset by a decrease from fixed maturity investments accounted for under the fair value option. these were partially offset by the effect of continued portfolio diversification. additionally, the decrease in allocated net investment income was also due to a reduction in net loss reserves.
see md&a - investments for additional information on the non-life insurance companies invested assets, investment strategy, and asset-liability management process.
2013 and 2012 comparison pre‐tax operating income increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to a lower underwriting loss, partially offset by a decrease in net investment income. underwriting results improved primarily due to lower catastrophe losses and higher net favorable loss reserve development, coupled with lower acquisition expenses. catastrophe losses in 2013 were $77 million, compared to $382 million in 2012. net favorable loss reserve development was $155 million in 2013, compared to $20 million in 2012. additionally, 2013 included approximately $41 million of favorable loss reserve development from storm sandy. foreign exchange did not have a significant impact on pre-tax operating income compared to 2012.
acquisition expenses decreased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the change in business mix, partially offset by increased costs in growth‐targeted lines of business. direct marketing expenses, excluding commissions, for 2013 were $440 million, compared to $452 million in 2012. excluding the effect of foreign exchange, direct marketing expenses increased by approximately $46 million in 2013 compared to 2012.
general operating expenses decreased slightly in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to reduced costs of strategic initiatives, technology-related and infrastructure expenses. these were largely offset by the increase in employee incentive plan expenses, which reflected the alignment of employee performance with the overall performance of the organization, including our stock performance, and accelerated vesting provisions for retirement-eligible individuals in the 2013 share-based plan, as well as the strategic expansion into growth economy nations.
net investment income decreased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to a change in allocated investment income as a result of lower net loss reserves from a change in the business mix.
personal insurance net premiums written the following table presents personal insurance net premiums written by major line of business:
years ended december 31,                                                           percentage change

(in millions)                                  2014          2013          2012       2014              2013
vs. 2013          vs. 2012
accident &amp; health                        $5,441        $5,714        $6,089        (5)   %           (6)   %
personal lines                                6,971         6,986         7,213          -               (3)
total personal insurance net premiums       $12,412       $12,700       $13,302        (2)   %           (5)   %
written
97

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance personal insurance
(in millions)

2014 and 2013 comparison personal insurance net premiums written decreased in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange as the u.s. dollar strengthened against the japanese yen. excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013 as the business continued to grow through multiple product and distribution channels, including direct marketing.
a&h net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily due to our focus on maintaining underwriting discipline in certain classes of business in the u.s., partially offset by growth in japan and latin america.
personal lines net premiums written, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, increased in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase was primarily due to increased rates and improved retention in aig private client group and continued growth of automobile business outside of japan, partially offset by declines in the u.s. warranty service programs.
2013 and 2012 comparison personal insurance net premiums written decreased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange as the u.s. dollar strengthened against the japanese yen. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, net premiums written increased in 2013 compared to 2012 as the business continued to build momentum through multiple distribution channels.
a&h net premiums written, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, increased slightly in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to our focused strategy to grow sales through the direct marketing distribution channel, individual a&h in asia pacific, and the travel business which continued to increase in most geographies across the globe.
personal lines net premiums written, excluding the effects of foreign exchange, increased in 2013 compared to 2012. the increases were driven by growth in aig private client group and the warranty service programs, automobile products and the continued execution of our strategic initiative to grow higher value lines of business. in addition, the impact of excess of loss ceded premiums and of the catastrophe bond issuances reduced net premiums written by $58 million compared to 2012.
98

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance personal insurance net premiums written by region the following table presents personal insurance net premiums written by region:
percentage change in                     percentage change in

years ended december 31,                                                                         u.s. dollars                        original currency
(in millions)                       2014          2013          2012          2014               2013                  2014               2013
vs. 2013           vs. 2012              vs. 2013           vs. 2012
americas                          $3,824        $3,794        $3,779             1   %              -   %                 4       %          2   %
asia pacific                       6,516         6,893         7,714           (5)               (11)                     1                  2
emea                               2,072         2,013         1,809             3   11                                   2                 10
total net premiums written       $12,412       $12,700       $13,302           (2)   %            (5)   %                 2       %          3   %
personal insurance net premiums written by region
(in millions)

2014 and 2013 comparison americas net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to an increase in all product lines in our latin america operations and growth in u.s. personal property and automobile businesses. these were partially offset by a decrease in u.s. a&h due to our continued focus on maintaining underwriting discipline.
asia pacific net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the japanese yen. excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written increased, primarily due to production increases in japan a&h and in property and automobile business outside of japan.
emea net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013, due to growth in the automobile business and warranty service programs, partially offset by a decrease in the a&h business.
2013 and 2012 comparison americas net premiums written increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to continued growth in property, the aig private client group and rate actions related to the warranty retail program. this was partially offset by the effect of the timing of catastrophe bond reinsurance transactions.
asia pacific net premiums written decreased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the japanese yen. excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written increased primarily due to our focused strategy to grow sales through the direct marketing distribution channel. the expansion of business in asia pacific countries outside of japan was driven by an increase in individual personal accident insurance and personal lines products.
99

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance emea net premiums written increased in 2013 compared to 2012, due to growth in all lines of personal insurance.
personal insurance underwriting ratios the following tables present the personal insurance combined ratios based on gaap data and reconciliation to the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted:
increase (decrease)

years ended december 31,                          2014         2013    2012            2014        2013
vs. 2013    vs. 2012
loss ratio                                        54.2         56.8    59.3           (2.6)       (2.5)
catastrophe losses and reinstatement             (1.1)        (0.7)   (3.0)           (0.4)         2.3
premiums prior year development net of premium              0.7          1.3     0.2           (0.6)         1.1
adjustments net reserve discount benefit                         -            -       -               -           -
accident year loss ratio, as adjusted             53.8         57.4    56.5           (3.6)         0.9
acquisition ratio                                 27.2         26.2    25.3             1.0         0.9
general operating expense ratio                   18.5         18.5    17.5               -         1.0
expense ratio                                     45.7         44.7    42.8             1.0         1.9
combined ratio                                    99.9        101.5   102.1           (1.6)       (0.6)
catastrophe losses and reinstatement             (1.1)        (0.7)   (3.0)           (0.4)         2.3
premiums prior year development net of premium              0.7          1.3     0.2           (0.6)         1.1
adjustments net reserve discount benefit                         -            -       -               -           -
accident year combined ratio, as adjusted         99.5        102.1    99.3           (2.6)         2.8
personal insurance ratios

100

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance the following tables present personal insurance accident year catastrophe and severe losses by region and the number of events:
catastrophes*
#                       asia of

(in millions)                       events      americas     pacific   emea           total year ended december 31, 2014
flooding                                 -            $-          $-   $-                $-
windstorms and hailstorms               14            51          46        -            97
tropical cyclone                         4             9          19        -            28
earthquakes                              1             1           -        -             1
reinstatement premiums                                 -           -        -             -
total catastrophe-related charges       19           $61         $65   $-              $126
year ended december 31, 2013
flooding                                 7           $26          $-   $2               $28
windstorms and hailstorms                2            11           -   5                 16
tropical cyclone                         -             -          33        -            33
total catastrophe-related charges        9           $37         $33   $7               $77
year ended december 31, 2012
flooding                                 -            $-          $-   $-                $-
windstorms and hailstorms                9            12          18        -            30
tropical cyclone                         3           343           9        -           352
drought                                  -             -           -        -             -
reinstatement premiums                                 -           -        -             -
total catastrophe-related charges       12          $355         $27   $-              $382
*    catastrophes are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on personal insurance in excess of $10 million each.
severe losses*
years ended december 31,     #                       asia of

(in millions)   events      americas     pacific   emea          total
2014        4           $50          $4   $-              $54
2013        1           $17          $-   $-              $17
2012        4           $13         $20   $-              $33
*    severe losses are defined as non-catastrophe individual first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.
2014 and 2013 comparison the combined ratio decreased by 1.6 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a lower loss ratio, partially offset by a higher acquisition ratio as discussed below.
the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 2.6 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to an improved accident year loss ratio, as adjusted.
the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 3.6 points in 2014 compared to 2013, as a result of improvements across all lines of business. the lower losses associated with a warranty retail program were largely offset by an increase in the related profit sharing arrangement, which increased the acquisition ratio in 2014 compared to 2013. the severe losses of $54 million, resulting largely from four fire claims, accounted for 0.5 points of the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in 2014.
the general operating expense ratio remained unchanged in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting the impact of efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, offset by increased technology-related expenses.
101

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / consumer insurance
2013 and 2012 comparison the combined ratio decreased by 0.6 points in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to a lower loss ratio, partially offset by higher acquisition and expense ratios as discussed below.
the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, increased by 2.8 points in 2013 compared to 2012.
the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.9 points in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the effect of higher losses associated with a warranty retail program, group accident, and travel business in the u.s. and canada, which in the aggregate increased the loss ratio by 1.7 points. this was partially offset by improvements in automobile and personal property, as a result of rate and underwriting actions taken in 2013 and prior years. the higher losses associated with the warranty retail program were largely offset by a decrease in the related profit sharing arrangement reflected in acquisition costs.
the acquisition ratio increased by 0.9 points in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the combined effect of lower net premiums earned base, change in business mix and higher costs in growth-targeted lines of business. this was partially offset by a decrease in a profit sharing arrangement associated with the warranty retail program noted above.
the general operating expense ratio increased by 1.0 point in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the increase in employee incentive compensation expense, partially offset by lower infrastructure project costs.
corporate and other corporate and other results the following table presents aig's corporate and other results:
years ended december 31,                                                                                                              percentage change

(in millions)                                                                           2014            2013            2012       2014 vs. 2013          2013 vs. 2012
corporate and other pre-tax operating loss:
direct investment book                                                                $1,241          $1,448          $1,215                (14)   %      19              %
global capital markets                                                                   359             625             557                (43)   12
run-off insurance lines                                                                (445)             403           (135)                  nm          nm other businesses                                                                         236            (97)            (87)                  nm          (11)
aig parent and other:
equity in pre-tax operating earnings of                                                  434               -               -                  nm          nm aercap(b)
fair value earnings on picc group shares(c)                                               37               -               -                  nm          nm corporate expenses, net:
other income (expense), net                                                              128              90             149                  42          (40)
general operating expenses                                                           (1,146)         (1,115)         (1,054)                 (3)          (6)
total corporate expenses, net                                                        (1,018)         (1,025)           (905)                   1          (13)
severance expense(a)                                                                       -           (265)               -                  nm          nm interest expense                                                                     (1,233)         (1,412)         (1,597)                  13   12
total aig parent and other operating loss                                            (1,780)         (2,702)         (2,502)                  34          (8)
retained interests:
change in fair value of aia securities, including realized gain in 2012                                                            -               -           2,069                  nm          nm change in fair value of ml iii                                                             -               -           2,888                  nm          nm consolidation and eliminations                                                             1               4               -                (75)          nm total corporate and other pre-tax                                                      (388)           (319)           4,005                (22)          nm operating income (loss)
(a) includes $263 million of severance expense attributable to property casualty and personal insurance operating segments.
(b) represents our share of aercap's pre-tax operating income, which excludes certain post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by aercap in connection with its acquisition of ilfc and the difference between expensing aercap's maintenance rights assets over the remaining lease term as compared to the remaining economic life of the related aircraft.
102

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / corporate and other
(c)  during 2014, the life insurance companies sold their investment in picc group to aig parent.
direct investment book results
2014 and 2013 comparison dib pre-tax operating income decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to lower fair value appreciation on asset-backed security (abs) collateralized debt obligations (cdos) and declines in net credit valuation adjustments on assets and liabilities for which the fair value option was elected, partially offset by lower interest expense on borrowings resulting from redemptions and repurchases of dib debt in 2014.
fair value appreciation on abs cdos was $789 million and $954 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the fair value appreciation on the abs cdos was higher in 2013, driven primarily by improved collateral pricing due to more significant improvements in home price indices and amortization of the underlying collateral.
net credit valuation adjustment gains of $291 million and $444 million were recognized in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease resulted primarily from lower gains on assets due to more significant widening of counterparty credit spreads in 2014 compared to 2013.
2013 and 2012 comparison dib pre-tax operating income increased in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to fair value appreciation on abs cdos that were acquired in the fourth quarter of 2012, partially offset by a decline in net credit valuation adjustments on assets and liabilities for which the fair value option was elected.
fair value appreciation on abs cdos was $954 million in 2013 driven primarily by improved collateral pricing due to improvements in home price indices and amortization of the underlying collateral.
net credit valuation adjustment gains of $444 million and $789 million were recognized in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the decrease resulted primarily from a decline in the portfolio size due to sales and maturities as well as lower gains on assets due to less significant tightening of counterparty credit spreads, partially offset by lower losses on liabilities due to less significant tightening of aig's credit spreads in 2013 compared to 2012.
the following table presents credit valuation adjustment gains (losses) for the dib (excluding intercompany transactions):
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                   2014        2013          2012
counterparty credit valuation adjustment on assets:
other bond securities                           $322        $488        $1,401
loans and other assets                             -          10            29
increase in                                      322         498         1,430
assets aig's own credit valuation adjustment on liabilities:
notes and bonds payable                         (29)        (88)         (526)
guaranteed investment agreements                 (1)          41          (81)
other liabilities                                (1)         (7)          (34)
increase in                                     (31)        (54)         (641)
liabilities net increase to                                 $291        $444          $789
pre-tax operating income
103

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / corporate and other global capital markets results
2014 and 2013 comparison gcm's pre-tax operating income decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to declines in unrealized market valuation gains related to the super senior credit default swap (cds) portfolio and declines in net credit valuation adjustments on derivative assets and liabilities, partially offset by gains realized upon unwinding certain positions and a decrease in operating expenses. as previously disclosed in prior quarters, a state regulatory agency has requested additional information relating to the unwinding of a position on which we realized gains of $196 million in 2014.
unrealized market valuation gains on the cds portfolio of $256 million and $550 million were recognized in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decline resulted primarily from amortization and price movements within the cds portfolio.
net credit valuation adjustment losses of $98 million were recognized in 2014 compared to net credit valuation adjustment gains of $195 million in the prior year. the decline resulted primarily from the recognition of credit valuation losses on derivative assets in 2014 due to higher exposure of uncollateralized derivative assets compared to credit valuation gains on uncollateralized derivative assets in the prior year due to the tightening of counterparty credit spreads.
2013 and 2012 comparison gcm's pre-tax operating income increased in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to an improvement in net credit valuation adjustments on derivative assets and liabilities, partially offset by a decline in unrealized market valuation gains related to the super senior cds portfolio and an increase in operating expenses.
net credit valuation adjustment gains of $195 million were recognized in 2013 compared to net credit valuation adjustment losses of $30 million in 2012. the improvement resulted primarily from lower losses on derivative liabilities due to less significant tightening of aig's credit spreads in 2013 compared to 2012 and higher gains on derivative assets due to more significant tightening of counterparty credit spreads in 2013 compared to 2012.
unrealized market valuation gains on the cds portfolio of $550 million and $617 million were recognized in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the decline resulted primarily from amortization, price movements, terminations and maturities within the cds portfolio.
run-off insurance lines results
2014 and 2013 comparison run-off insurance lines reported a pre-tax operating loss of $445 million in 2014 compared to income of $403 million in 2013, primarily as a result of a $407 million charge from a decrease in reserve discount in 2014 compared to a $631 million benefit from an increase in discount in 2013. this discounting-related charge was partially offset by a $98 million decrease in net adverse prior year loss reserve development and an improvement in current accident year loss experience, particularly in the environmental liability business (2004 and prior). the discount charge was primarily due to the decline in risk free rates during 2014 used under pennsylvania and delaware prescribed or permitted practices, change in payout pattern assumptions, including the effect of commutations and accelerated settlements for the certain excess workers' compensation reserves, as well as accretion. see insurance reserves - discounting of reserves for additional information.
2013 and 2012 comparison run-off insurance lines reported pre-tax operating income of $403 million in 2013 compared to a loss of $135 million in 2012, primarily as a result of a $631 million benefit in reserve discount compared to a $37 million charge in 2012, partially offset by a $98 million increase in net adverse prior year loss reserve development. the discount benefit was primarily due the use of permitted practices from state regulators to use payout patterns specific to the excess workers compensation reserves and a discount rate based on the forward u.s treasury curve plus a liquidity premium (as opposed to the previously prescribed discount factors.
104

table of contents item 7 / results of operations / corporate and other other businesses
2014 and 2013 comparison other businesses' pre-tax operating income improved in 2014 compared to 2013 due to an increase in gains on investments in life settlements resulting from higher net death benefits.
2013 and 2012 comparison other businesses' pre-tax operating loss in 2013 was essentially flat compared to 2012.
aig parent and other results
2014 and 2013 comparison aig parent and other's pre‐tax operating losses decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to our share of aercap's pre-tax operating income, which is accounted for under the equity method, and lower interest expense from ongoing debt management activities described in liquidity and capital resources, partially offset by an increase in general operating expenses.
general operating expenses increased in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of centralizing processes to lower-cost locations and increased costs related to investments in technology.
2013 and 2012 comparison aig parent and other reported an increase in pre-tax operating losses in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to severance charges and higher general operating expenses. these increases were partially offset by lower interest expense due to various debt management activities described in liquidity and capital resources.
general operating expenses increased in 2013 compared to 2012 due to higher incentive compensation costs. in addition, 2012 included reductions in expenses of $211 million resulting from the decrease in the estimate of the liability for the department of the treasury's underwriting fees in connection with sales of aig common stock.
retained interests change in fair value of aia securities prior to their sale we sold our remaining 33 percent interest in aia ordinary shares for proceeds of $14.5 billion and a net gain of $2.1 billion through three sale transactions on march 7, september 11, and december 20, 2012.
change in fair value of ml iii prior to liquidation the gains attributable to aig's interest in ml iii for 2012 were based in part on the completion of the final auction of ml iii assets by the frbny, in the third quarter of 2012.
105

table of contents item 7 / investments investments

overview our investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit. the investment objectives are driven by the respective business models for non-life insurance companies, life insurance companies, and aig parent including the dib. the primary objectives are generation of investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management and growth of surplus to support the insurance products. the majority of assets backing our insurance liabilities consist of intermediate and long duration fixed maturity securities.
investments highlights in 2014

·
a decrease in interest rates on investment grade fixed maturity securities, partially offset by the widening of spreads, resulted in net unrealized gains in the investment portfolio. net unrealized gains in our available for sale portfolio increased to approximately $19.0 billion as of december 31, 2014 from approximately $11.7 billion as of december 31, 2013.
·
we continued to make investments in structured securities and other fixed maturity securities and increased lending activities in commercial mortgage loans with favorable risk versus return characteristics to improve yields and increase net investment income.
·
net investment income benefitted from positive performance on fixed maturity securities for which we elected the fair value option, primarily driven by lower interest rates as well as income on alternative investments, which continued to benefit from equity market performance.
·
blended investment yields on new non-life and life insurance companies' investments were lower than blended rates on investments that were sold, matured or called.
·
other-than-temporary impairments remained at low levels.
·
the sale of ilfc to aercap resulted in aig receiving a 46
percent ownership interest in the outstanding common stock of aercap, which is included in other invested assets and accounted for under the equity method.
investment strategies investment strategies are based on considerations that include the local and general market conditions, liability duration and cash flow characteristics, rating agency and regulatory capital considerations, legal investment limitations, tax optimization and diversification.
some of our key investment strategies are as follows:
•    fixed maturity securities held by the u.s. insurance companies included in non-life insurance companies consist of a mix of instruments that meet our current risk-return, tax, liquidity, credit quality and diversification objectives.
•    outside of the u.s., fixed maturity securities held by non-life insurance companies consist primarily of intermediate duration high-grade securities generally denominated in the currencies of the countries in which we operate.
•    while more of a focus is placed on asset-liability matching in life insurance companies, our fundamental strategy across all of our investment portfolios is to match the duration characteristics of the liabilities with assets of comparable duration, to the extent practicable.
•    aig parent actively manages its assets and liabilities in terms of products, counterparties and duration. aig parent's liquidity sources are held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, intermediate term investment-
106

table of contents item 7 / investments grade rated fixed maturity securities. based upon an assessment of its immediate and longer-term funding needs, aig parent purchases publicly traded, intermediate term, investment-grade rated fixed maturity securities that can be readily monetized through sales or repurchase agreements.  these securities allow us to diversify sources of liquidity while reducing the cost of maintaining sufficient liquidity.
investments by legal entity the following tables summarize the composition of aig's investments by legal entity:
non-life             life                              consolidations

insurance          insurance         corporate          and
(in millions)                                      companies          companies               and          eliminations              total other december 31, 2014
fixed maturity securities:
bonds available for sale, at fair value              $92,942           $164,527            $5,933                $(3,543)         $259,859
other bond securities, at fair value                   1,733              2,785            15,634          (440)                    19,712
equity securities:
common and preferred stock available for               4,241                150                 4          -                         4,395
sale, at fair value other common and preferred stock, at fair                495                  -               554          -                         1,049
value mortgage and other loans receivable, net               6,686             20,874               704          (3,274)                  24,990
of allowance other invested assets                                 10,372             11,916            12,109                     121           34,518
short-term investments                                 4,154              2,131             5,827          (869)                    11,243
total investments*                                   120,623            202,383            40,765          (8,005)                 355,766
cash                                                   1,191                451               116          -                         1,758
total invested assets                               $121,814           $202,834           $40,881                $(8,005)         $357,524
december 31, 2013
fixed maturity securities:
bonds available for sale, at fair value              $97,202           $158,225            $7,282                $(4,435)         $258,274
other bond securities, at fair value                   1,995              2,406            18,558          (336)                    22,623
equity securities:
common and preferred stock available for               3,574                 80                 2          -                         3,656
sale, at fair value other common and preferred stock, at fair                198                538                98          -                           834
value mortgage and other loans receivable, net               4,088             19,209               850          (3,382)                  20,765
of allowance other invested assets                                  9,339             13,026             6,398          (104)                    28,659
short-term investments                                 5,420              6,462            10,882          (1,147)                  21,617
total investments*                                   121,816            199,946            44,070          (9,404)                 356,428
cash                                                   1,496                584               161          -                         2,241
total invested assets                               $123,312           $200,530           $44,231                $(9,404)         $358,669
*    at december 31, 2014, approximately 90 percent and 10 percent of investments were held by domestic and foreign entities, respectively, compared to approximately 89 percent and 11 percent, respectively, at december 31, 2013.
the following table presents the components of net investment income:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                        2014          2013          2012
interest and dividends            $13,246       $13,199       $13,544
alternative investments             2,624         2,803         1,769
other investment income*              726           356         5,634
investment expenses                 (517)         (548)         (604)
total net investment income       $16,079       $15,810       $20,343
* includes changes in fair value of certain fixed maturity securities where the fair value option has been elected and which are used to economically hedge the interest rate risk in gmwb embedded derivatives. for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the net investment income (loss) recorded on these securities was $260 million, $(161) million and $37 million, respectively.
net investment income for 2014 increased compared to 2013 primarily due to positive performance on bonds where we elected the fair value option, driven by movements in interest rates, partially offset by lower income on alternative investments
107

table of contents item 7 / investments due to equity market performance and lower reinvestment yields on our fixed maturity securities portfolio due to the low interest rate environment.
net investment income for 2013 decreased compared to 2012 primarily due to fair value gains from our investments in ml ii, ml iii and aia prior to their sale in 2012.
non-life insurance companies for the non-life insurance companies, the duration of liabilities for long-tail casualty lines is greater than that of other lines. as a result, the investment strategy within the non-life insurance companies focuses on growth of surplus and preservation of capital, subject to liability and other business considerations.
the non-life insurance companies invest primarily in fixed maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies and also invest in structured securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and commercial real estate and commercial mortgage loans. while invested assets backing reserves of the non-life insurance companies are primarily invested in conventional fixed maturity securities, we have continued to allocate a portion of our investment activity into asset classes that offer higher yields, particularly in the domestic operations. in addition, we continue to invest in both fixed rate and floating rate investments for their risk-return attributes, as well as to manage our exposure to potential changes in interest rates. this asset diversification has maintained stable average yields while the overall credit ratings of our fixed maturity securities were largely unchanged. we expect to continue to pursue this investment strategy to meet the non-life insurance companies' liquidity, duration and credit quality objectives as well as current risk‐return and tax objectives.
in addition, the non-life insurance companies seek to enhance returns through investments in a diversified portfolio of private equity funds and hedge funds. although these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields and have provided added diversification to the broader portfolio.  the non-life insurance companies' investment portfolio also includes, to a lesser extent, equity securities and other yield-enhancing investments.
with respect to non-affiliate over‐the‐counter derivatives, the non-life insurance companies conduct business with highly rated counterparties and do not expect the counterparties to fail to meet their obligations under the contracts. the non-life insurance companies have controls in place to monitor credit exposures by limiting transactions with specific counterparties within specified dollar limits and assessing the creditworthiness of counterparties periodically. the non-life insurance companies generally use isda master agreements and csas with bilateral collateral provisions to reduce counterparty credit exposures.
fixed maturity investments of the non-life insurance companies domestic operations, with an average duration of 4.3 years, are currently comprised primarily of tax-exempt securities, which provide attractive risk-adjusted after-tax returns, as well as taxable municipal bonds, government and agency bonds, and corporate bonds. the majority of these high quality investments are rated a or higher based on composite ratings.
fixed maturity investments held in the non-life insurance companies foreign operations are of high quality, primarily rated a or higher based on composite ratings, and short to intermediate duration, averaging 3.3 years.
life insurance companies the investment strategy of the life insurance companies is to maximize net investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity requirements, capital constraints, diversification requirements, asset‐liability matching and available investment opportunities.
the life insurance companies use asset‐liability management as a primary tool to monitor and manage risk in their businesses. the life insurance companies fundamental investment strategy is to maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities with the intent to largely match the characteristics of liabilities, including duration, which is a measure of sensitivity to changes in interest rates. the investment portfolio of each product line is tailored to the specific
108

table of contents item 7 / investments characteristics of its insurance liabilities, and as a result, certain portfolios are shorter in duration and others are longer in duration.  an extended low interest rate environment may result in a lengthening of liability durations from initial estimates, primarily due to lower lapses.
the life insurance companies invest primarily in fixed maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies; structured securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and commercial real estate; and commercial mortgage loans.
in addition, the life insurance companies seek to enhance returns through investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative investments. although these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields. the life insurance companies investment portfolio also includes, to a lesser extent, equity securities and yield enhancing items.
the life insurance companies monitor fixed income markets, including the level of interest rates, credit spreads and the shape of the yield curve. the life insurance companies frequently review their interest rate assumptions and actively manages the crediting rates used for their new and in-force business. business strategies continue to evolve to maintain profitability of the overall business in a historically low interest rate environment. the low interest rate environment makes it more difficult to profitably price attractive guaranteed return products and puts margin pressure on existing products, due to the challenge of investing recurring premiums and deposits and reinvesting investment portfolio cash flows in the low rate environment while maintaining satisfactory investment quality and liquidity. in addition, there is investment risk associated with future premium receipts from certain in‐force business. specifically, the investment of these future premium receipts may be at a yield below that required to meet future policy liabilities.
fixed maturity investments of the life insurance companies domestic operations, with an average duration of 6.62 years, are comprised of taxable corporate bonds, as well as taxable municipal and government bonds, and agency and non‐agency structured securities. the majority of these investments are held in the available for sale portfolio and are rated investment grade based on its composite ratings.
fixed maturity investments held in the life insurance companies foreign operations are of high quality, primarily rated a or higher based on composite ratings, and intermediate duration, averaging 12.68 years.
naic designations of fixed maturity securities the securities valuation office (svo) of the naic evaluates the investments of u.s. insurers for statutory reporting purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities to one of six categories called 'naic designations.' in general, naic designations of '1' highest quality, or '2' high quality, include fixed maturity securities considered investment grade, while naic designations of '3' through '6' generally include fixed maturity securities referred to as below investment grade. the naic has adopted revised rating methodologies for certain structured securities, including non-agency rmbs and cmbs, which are intended to enable a more precise assessment of the value of such structured securities and increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses to better determine the appropriate capital requirement for such structured securities.  these methodologies result in an improved naic designation for such securities compared to the rating typically assigned by the three major rating agencies.  the following tables summarize the ratings distribution of life insurance companies fixed maturity security portfolio by naic designation, and the distribution by composite aig credit rating, which is generally based on ratings of the three major rating agencies. see investments - credit ratings herein for a full description of the composite aig credit ratings.
109

table of contents item 7 / investments the following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio of life insurance companies categorized by naic designation, at fair value:
december 31, 2014

(in millions)
total total                                                          below investment                                                     investment naic designation                               1             2               grade           3           4         5         6              grade           total other fixed maturity securities          $48,633       $61,428            $110,061      $4,817      $2,372      $237      $136             $7,562        $117,623
mortgage-backed, asset-backed and         42,370         1,598              43,968         473         168       170       657              1,468          45,436
collateralized total*                                   $91,003       $63,026            $154,029      $5,290      $2,540      $407      $793             $9,030        $163,059
*    excludes $4.3 billion of fixed maturity securities for which no naic designation is available because they are not held in legal entities within life insurance companies that require a statutory filing.
the following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio of life insurance companies categorized by composite aig credit rating, at fair value:
december 31, 2014

(in millions)
total total                                                          below investment                                     ccc and         investment composite aig credit rating               aaa/aa/a           bbb               grade            bb             b           lower              grade           total other fixed maturity securities            $48,550       $61,875            $110,425        $4,354        $2,538            $306             $7,198        $117,623
mortgage-backed, asset-backed and           26,240         2,893              29,133         1,470         1,613          13,220             16,303          45,436
collateralized total*                                     $74,790       $64,768            $139,558        $5,824        $4,151         $13,526            $23,501        $163,059
*  excludes $4.3 billion of fixed maturity securities for which no naic designation is available because they are not held in legal entities within life insurance companies that require a statutory filing.
credit ratings at december 31, 2014, approximately 90 percent of our fixed maturity securities were held by our domestic entities. approximately 17 percent of such securities were rated aaa by one or more of the principal rating agencies, and approximately 17 percent were rated below investment grade or not rated. our investment decision process relies primarily on internally generated fundamental analysis and internal risk ratings. third-party rating services' ratings and opinions provide one source of independent perspective for consideration in the internal analysis.
a significant portion of our foreign entities' fixed maturity securities portfolio is rated by moody's investors' service inc. (moody's), standard & poor's financial services llc, a subsidiary of the mcgraw-hill companies, inc. (s&p), or similar foreign rating services. rating services are not available for some foreign-issued securities. our credit risk management department closely reviews the credit quality of the foreign portfolio's non-rated fixed maturity securities. at december 31, 2014, approximately 17 percent of such investments were either rated aaa or, on the basis of our internal analysis, were equivalent from a credit standpoint to securities rated aaa, and approximately five percent were below investment grade or not rated. approximately 44 percent of the foreign entities' fixed maturity securities portfolio is comprised of sovereign fixed maturity securities supporting policy liabilities in the country of issuance.
composite aig credit ratings with respect to our fixed maturity investments, the credit ratings in the table below and in subsequent tables reflect: (a) a composite of the ratings of the three major rating agencies, or when agency ratings are not available, the rating assigned by the national association of insurance commissioners (naic) securities valuations office (svo) (over 99 percent of total fixed maturity investments), or (b) our equivalent internal ratings when these investments have not been rated by any of the major rating agencies or the naic. the "non-rated" category in those tables consists of fixed maturity securities that have not been rated by any of the major rating agencies, the naic or us.
110

table of contents item 7 / investments see enterprise risk management herein for a discussion of credit risks associated with investments.
the following table presents the composite aig credit ratings of our fixed maturity securities calculated on the basis of their fair value:
available for sale                          other                                 total

december 31,              december      december 31,           december      december 31,            december
31,                                  31,                                   31,
(in millions)                          2014                  2013              2014               2013              2014                2013
rating:
other fixed maturity securities aaa                                 $15,463               $17,437            $5,322             $5,510           $20,785             $22,947
aa                                   36,730                39,478               224                261            36,954              39,739
a                                    56,693                56,838               242                445            56,935              57,283
bbb                                  75,607                75,668               250                478            75,857              76,146
below investment grade               10,651                 9,904               303                321            10,954              10,225
non-rated                             1,035                   311                 -                  -             1,035                 311
total                              $196,179              $199,636            $6,341             $7,015          $202,520            $206,651
mortgage-backed, asset-
backed and collateralized aaa                                 $24,783               $21,982            $2,313             $3,120           $27,096             $25,102
aa                                    4,078                 3,404             1,549              2,357             5,627               5,761
a                                     7,606                 6,906               494                660             8,100               7,566
bbb                                   3,813                 3,973               620                679             4,433               4,652
below investment grade               23,376                22,333             8,314              8,683            31,690              31,016
non-rated                                24                    40                81                109               105                 149
total                               $63,680               $58,638           $13,371            $15,608           $77,051             $74,246
total aaa                                 $40,246               $39,419            $7,635             $8,630           $47,881             $48,049
aa                                   40,808                42,882             1,773              2,618            42,581              45,500
a                                    64,299                63,744               736              1,105            65,035              64,849
bbb                                  79,420                79,641               870              1,157            80,290              80,798
below investment grade               34,027                32,237             8,617              9,004            42,644              41,241
non-rated                             1,059                   351                81                109             1,140                 460
total                              $259,859              $258,274           $19,712            $22,623          $279,571            $280,897
available‐for‐sale investments the following table presents the fair value of our available‐for‐sale securities:
fair value at           fair value at

december 31,         december
31,
(in millions)                                              2014             2013
bonds available for sale:
u.s. government and government                           $2,992           $3,195
sponsored entities obligations of states, municipalities and                27,659           29,380
political subdivisions non-u.s. governments                                     21,095           22,509
corporate debt                                          144,433          144,552
mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized:
rmbs                                                     37,520           36,148
cmbs                                                     12,885           11,482
cdo/abs                                                  13,275           11,008
total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and                  63,680           58,638
collateralized total bonds available for sale*                         259,859          258,274
111

table of contents item 7 / investments equity securities available for sale:

common stock                                   3,629          3,219
preferred stock                                   25             27
mutual funds                                     741            410
total equity securities available for          4,395          3,656
sale total                                       $264,254       $261,930
*    at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the fair value of bonds available for sale held by us that were below investment grade or not rated totaled $35.1 billion and $32.6 billion, respectively.
the following table presents the fair value of our aggregate credit exposures to non-u.s. governments for our fixed maturity securities:
december 31,      december
31,

(in millions)               2014           2013
japan                     $5,728         $6,350
canada                     2,181          2,714
germany                    1,315          1,281
mexico                       661            622
united kingdom               648            510
netherlands                  639            759
norway                       619            682
france                       614          1,005
singapore                    545            457
south korea                  465            538
other                      7,682          7,593
total                    $21,097        $22,511
the following table presents the fair value of our aggregate european credit exposures by major sector for our fixed maturity securities:
december 31, 2014

non-                                        december
31, financial          financial         structured                         2013
(in millions)                     sovereign         institution         corporates           products         total          total euro-zone countries:
france                                 $614              $1,372             $2,512                 $-        $4,498         $5,158
netherlands                             639               1,357              1,819                461         4,276          4,396
germany                               1,315                 431              2,375                 34         4,155          4,687
spain                                    49                 407              1,080                 21         1,557          1,844
italy                                    19                 256                957                 13         1,245          1,351
belgium                                 236                 111                626                  -           973            842
ireland                                   -                   -                682                168           850            692
finland                                  70                  31                134                  -           235            281
luxembourg                                -                  15                209                 19           243            206
austria                                 133                  12                 10                  -           155            250
other euro-zone*                        703                  88                229                  2         1,022            902
total euro-zone                      $3,778              $4,080            $10,633               $718       $19,209        $20,609
remainder of europe united kingdom                         $648              $3,224             $8,006             $4,198       $16,076        $16,819
switzerland                             101               1,231              1,609                  -         2,941          2,898
sweden                                  213                 653                269                  -         1,135          1,605
norway                                  619                  63                164                  -           846          1,057
russian federation                      150                  16                145                  -           311            516
other remainder of europe               233                 128                 81                 52           494            523
total remainder of europe            $1,964              $5,315            $10,274             $4,250       $21,803        $23,418
total                                $5,742              $9,395            $20,907             $4,968       $41,012        $44,027
*    at december 31, 2014, we had no material credit exposure to the government of greece.
112

table of contents item 7 / investments investments in municipal bonds at december 31, 2014, the u.s. municipal bond portfolio of non-life insurance companies was composed primarily of essential service revenue bonds and high-quality tax-backed bonds with over 96 percent of the portfolio rated a or higher.
the following table presents the fair values of our available for sale u.s. municipal bond portfolio by state and municipal bond type:
december 31, 2014

state              local                         total            december
31, general            general                          fair                2013
(in                      obligation         obligation         revenue         value               total millions)                                                                                     fair value state:
california                     $742               $888          $3,077        $4,707              $4,295
new york                         36                591           3,489         4,116               4,193
texas                           274              1,596           1,486         3,356               4,104
massachusetts                   662                  -             755         1,417               1,458
illinois                        115                428             821         1,364               1,377
washington                      497                136             645         1,278               1,380
florida                         183                  9             860         1,052               1,130
virginia                         81                 80             757           918                 980
georgia                         286                159             374           819                 954
arizona                           -                101             633           734                 836
washington dc                   125                  -             482           607                 534
ohio                            151                 36             417           604                 624
pennsylvania                    231                 41             265           537                 523
all other states              1,190                645           4,315         6,150               6,992
total(a)(b)                  $4,573             $4,710         $18,376       $27,659             $29,380
(a) excludes certain university and not-for-profit entities that issue their bonds in the corporate debt market. includes industrial revenue bonds.
(b) includes $4.0 billion of pre-refunded municipal bonds.
investments in corporate debt securities the following table presents the industry categories of our available for sale corporate debt securities:
fair value at           fair value at

industry                                    december 31,         december category                                                              31,
(in millions)                                       2014             2013
financial institutions:
money center /global bank groups                 $10,682          $11,250
regional banks - other                               543              594
life insurance                                     3,575            3,918
securities firms and other finance                   422              458
companies insurance non-life                                 5,625            4,899
regional banks - north america                     6,636            6,875
other financial institutions                       8,169            7,900
utilities                                         23,705           22,645
communications                                    10,316           10,590
consumer noncyclical                              16,792           17,420
capital goods                                      8,594            9,082
energy                                            12,038           12,072
consumer cyclical                                 11,197           10,787
113

table of contents item 7 / investments basic           9,187           9,855

other            16,952          16,207
total *   $144,433             $144,552
*    at both december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, approximately 93 percent of these investments were rated investment grade.
investments in rmbs the following table presents aig's rmbs available for sale investments by year of vintage:
fair value at           fair value at

december 31,         december
31,
(in                  2014             2013
millions)
total rmbs
2014                  $871               $-
2013                 2,724            2,371
2012                 2,382            2,375
2011                 5,310            5,736
2010                 1,596            1,843
2009 and prior*                24,637           23,823
total rmbs               $37,520          $36,148
agency
2014                  $799               $-
2013                 2,625            2,259
2012                 2,234            2,164
2011                 3,428            3,860
2010                 1,571            1,797
2009 and prior                 1,753            2,136
total agency               $12,410          $12,216
alt-a
2014                     -                -
2013                     -                -
2012                     -                -
2011                     -                -
2010                   $26              $37
2009 and prior                12,975           10,894
total alt-a               $13,001          $10,931
subprime
2014                     -                -
2013                     -                -
2012                     -                -
2011                     -                -
2010                     -                -
2009 and prior                $2,423           $2,386
total subprime                $2,423           $2,386
prime non-agency
2014                    $-               $-
2013                     8               27
2012                   126              202
2011                 1,882            1,876
2010                     -                9
2009 and prior                 7,047            7,944
total prime non-agency                $9,063          $10,058
total other housing related                  $623             $557
*    includes approximately $13.5 billion and $11.3 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, of certain rmbs that had experienced deterioration in credit quality since their origination.  see note 6, investments - purchase credit impaired (pci) securities to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
114

table of contents item 7 / investments the following table presents our rmbs available for sale investments by credit rating:
fair value at         fair value at

december 31,        december
31,
(in millions)                            2014            2013
rating:
total rmbs aaa                                   $14,699         $14,833
aa                                        418             477
a                                         546             598
bbb                                       911           1,051
below investment grade(a)              20,937          19,163
non-rated                                   9              26
total rmbs(b)                         $37,520         $36,148
agency rmbs aaa                                   $12,405         $12,210
aa                                          5               6
total agency                          $12,410         $12,216
alt-a rmbs aaa                                        $7             $32
aa                                         33              54
a                                          85             114
bbb                                       317             381
below investment grade(a)              12,559          10,350
total alt-a                           $13,001         $10,931
subprime rmbs aaa                                       $18             $27
aa                                        117             117
a                                         252             233
bbb                                       207             248
below investment grade(a)               1,829           1,761
total subprime                         $2,423          $2,386
prime non-agency aaa                                    $2,076          $2,462
aa                                        253             288
a                                         205             248
bbb                                       351             383
below investment grade(a)               6,169           6,651
non-rated                                   9              26
total prime non-agency                 $9,063         $10,058
total other housing related              $623            $557
(a) includes certain rmbs that had experienced deterioration in credit quality since their origination. see note 6, investments - purchased credit impaired (pci) securities to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
(b) the weighted average expected life was six years at december 31, 2014 and seven years at december 31, 2013.
our underwriting practices for investing in rmbs, other asset‐backed securities and cdos take into consideration the quality of the originator, the manager, the servicer, security credit ratings, underlying characteristics of the mortgages, borrower characteristics, and the level of credit enhancement in the transaction.
115

table of contents item 7 / investments investments in cmbs the following table presents our cmbs available for sale investments:
fair value at           fair value at

december 31,         december
31,
(in                                 2014             2013
millions)
cmbs (traditional)               $11,265           $9,794
agency                             1,372            1,558
other                                248              130
total                            $12,885          $11,482
the following table presents the fair value of our cmbs available for sale investments by rating agency designation and by vintage year:
below

investment
(in millions)           aaa          aa         a           bbb         grade            non-rated         total december 31, 2014
year:
2014        $1,570        $183       $11            $-                 $-              $-        $1,764
2013         2,684         442        91            58         -                        -         3,275
2012         1,158          61        28            92         -                       12         1,351
2011         1,022          20        37            21         -                        -         1,100
2010           161           -        63             -         -                        -           224
2009 and prior           958         626       751           843         1,993                    -         5,171
total        $7,553      $1,332      $981        $1,014             $1,993             $12       $12,885
december 31, 2013
year:
2013        $2,490        $378       $79           $58                 $-              $-        $3,005
2012         1,064          57        26            35         -                       14         1,196
2011         1,112          19        36            20         -                        -         1,187
2010           172           7         -             -         -                        -           179
2009 and prior         1,103         819       688         1,115         2,190                    -         5,915
total        $5,941      $1,280      $829        $1,228             $2,190             $14       $11,482
the following table presents our cmbs available for sale investments by geographic region:
fair value at           fair value at

december 31,         december
31,
(in millions)                   2014             2013
geographic region:
new york                      $2,759           $2,110
california                     1,305            1,187
texas                            831              718
florida                          562              501
new jersey                       457              436
virginia                         389              373
illinois                         344              317
pennsylvania                     291              236
georgia                          286              240
massachusetts                    247              224
north carolina                   222              204
maryland                         222              195
all other*                     4,970            4,741
total                        $12,885          $11,482
116

table of contents item 7 / investments
*    includes non-u.s. locations.
the following table presents our cmbs available for sale investments by industry:
fair value at           fair value at

december 31,         december
31,
(in millions)                  2014             2013
industry:
office                       $3,652           $3,205
retail                        3,700            3,146
multi-family*                 2,889            2,643
lodging                       1,127            1,023
industrial                      679              621
other                           838              844
total                       $12,885          $11,482
*    includes agency-backed cmbs.
the fair value of cmbs holdings remained stable throughout 2014. the majority of our investments in cmbs are in tranches that contain substantial protection features through collateral subordination. the majority of cmbs holdings are traditional conduit transactions, broadly diversified across property types and geographical areas.
investments in cdos the following table presents our cdo available for sale investments by collateral type:
fair value at           fair value at

december 31,         december
31,
(in                               2014             2013
millions)
collateral type:
bank loans (clo)                $6,683           $4,613
other                              388              529
total                           $7,071           $5,142
the following table presents our cdo available for sale investments by credit rating:
fair value at           fair value at

december 31,         december
31,
(in                                        2014             2013
millions)
rating:
aaa                                      $1,922             $594
aa                                        2,135            1,374
a                                         2,317            2,158
bbb                                         366              499
below investment grade                      331              517
total                                    $7,071           $5,142
117

table of contents item 7 / investments commercial mortgage loans at december 31, 2014, we had direct commercial mortgage loan exposure of $18.9 billion. at that date, over 99 percent of the loans were current.
the following table presents the commercial mortgage loan exposure by location and class of loan based on amortized cost:
number                                                                                                           percent

of                                                                                     class                      of
(dollars in millions)    loans      apartments         offices         retail      industrial       hotel         others         total     total december
31, 2014
state:
new york                    90            $545          $2,111           $285            $148         $68           $215        $3,372        18   %
california                 115              29             635            389             472         597            469         2,591        14
new jersey                  48             490             353            308               -          30             74         1,255         7
florida                     89             141             192            335             118         137            161         1,084         6
texas                       58              62             482            121             171         187             54         1,077         6
illinois                    24             175             327             26              73          36              -           637         3
massachusetts               19               -             198            321               -           -             34           553         3
colorado                    18              62             158             48               -         120            101           489         2
connecticut                 23             279             155              5              43           -              -           482         2
pennsylvania                49              45              89            170             107          16              5           432         2
other states               349             920           1,140          1,738             494         310            281         4,883        26
foreign                    142             636             678             78              63         176            423         2,054        11
total*                   1,024          $3,384          $6,518         $3,824          $1,689      $1,677         $1,817       $18,909       100   %
december 31,
2013

state:
california      142         $30          $804          $429        $515        $366        $697        $2,841    18   %
new york         88         662         1,472           243          68         100         152         2,697    17
new jersey       53         510           326           297           7          31          42         1,213     6
florida          94          87           170           377         123         137         165         1,059     7
texas            54          32           184           165         182         150          62           775     5
connecticut      22         279           143             5          44           -           -           471     3
pennsylvania     52          47            97           155         110          16          13           438     3
ohio             44         145            33           188          61           -           3           430     3
maryland         21          20           139           200          12           4           4           379     2
massachusetts    17           -           178           158           -           -          34           370     2
other states    345         666         1,203         1,158         416         525         490         4,458    27
foreign          63         361           139             -          69         102         393         1,064     7
total*          995      $2,839        $4,888        $3,375      $1,607      $1,431      $2,055       $16,195   100   %
*    does not reflect allowance for losses.
see note 7, lending activities, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
118

table of contents item 7 / investments impairments the following table presents impairments by investment type:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                              2014        2013          2012
other-than-temporary impairments:
fixed maturity securities, available       $180        $173          $723
for sale equity securities, available for sale        37          14           106
private equity funds and hedge funds         30          45           221
subtotal                                    247         232         1,050
other impairments:
investments in life settlements             201         971           309
other investments                           126         112           151
real estate                                   8          19             7
total                                      $582      $1,334        $1,517
other-than-temporary impairments to determine other-than-temporary impairments, we use fundamental credit analyses of individual securities without regard to rating agency ratings. based on this analysis, we expect to receive cash flows sufficient to cover the amortized cost of all below investment grade securities for which credit impairments were not recognized.
the following tables present other-than-temporary impairment charges recorded in earnings on fixed maturity securities, equity securities, private equity funds and hedge funds.
other-than-temporary impairment charges by reportable segment and impairment type:
non-life           life         corporate

insurance        insurance              and other
(in millions)                               companies        companies       operations         total for the year ended december 31, 2014
impairment type:
severity                                           $3               $-               $-            $3
change in intent                                    8               32                -            40
foreign currency declines                           9               10                -            19
issuer-specific credit events                      60              109                -           169
adverse projected cash flows                        5               11                -            16
total                                             $85             $162               $-          $247
for the year ended december 31, 2013
impairment type:
severity                                           $6               $-               $-            $6
change in intent                                    1               45                2            48
foreign currency declines                           1                -                -             1
issuer-specific credit events                      43              127                -           170
adverse projected cash flows                        1                6                -             7
total                                             $52             $178               $2          $232
for the year ended december 31, 2012
impairment type:
severity                                          $35               $9               $-           $44
change in intent                                    4               20               38            62
foreign currency declines                           8                -                -             8
issuer-specific credit events                     324              580               27           931
adverse projected cash flows                        1                4                -             5
total                                            $372             $613              $65        $1,050
119

table of contents item 7 / investments other-than-temporary impairment charges by investment type and impairment type:
other        equities/other fixed

(in millions)                             rmbs     cdo/abs      cmbs      maturity            invested         total assets*
for the year ended december 31, 2014
impairment type:
severity                                    $-          $-        $-            $-                  $3            $3
change in intent                             -           -         -            27                  13            40
foreign currency declines                    -           -         -            19                   -            19
issuer-specific credit events               80           9        21             8                  51           169
adverse projected cash flows                16           -         -             -                   -            16
total                                      $96          $9       $21           $54                 $67          $247
for the year ended december 31, 2013
impairment type:
severity                                    $-          $-        $-            $-                  $6            $6
change in intent                             1           -         -            46                   1            48
foreign currency declines                    -           -         -             1                   -             1
issuer-specific credit events               36           5        50            27                  52           170
adverse projected cash flows                 7           -         -             -                   -             7
total                                      $44          $5       $50           $74                 $59          $232
for the year ended december 31, 2012
impairment type:
severity                                    $-          $-        $-            $-                 $44           $44
change in intent                             4           -         -            34                  24            62
foreign currency declines                    -           -         -             8                   -             8
issuer-specific credit events              433           7       208            24                 259           931
adverse projected cash flows                 5           -         -             -                   -             5
total                                     $442          $7      $208           $66                $327        $1,050
*    includes other-than-temporary impairment charges on private equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity investments.
other-than-temporary impairment charges by investment type and credit rating:
other fixed       equities/other

(in                                   rmbs     cdo/abs      cmbs        maturity      invested assets*        total millions)
for the year ended december 31, 2014
rating:
aaa                                     $-          $-        $-              $4                    $-           $4
aa                                       3           -         -               2              -                   5
a                                        -           -         -               2              -                   2
bbb                                      2           -         -              11              -                  13
below                                   91           5        21              35              -                 152
investment grade non-rated                                -           4         -               -                    67           71
total                                  $96          $9       $21             $54                   $67         $247
for the year ended december 31, 2013
rating:
aaa                                     $1          $-        $-              $-                    $-           $1
aa                                       2           -         -               -              -                   2
a                                        1           -         -               -              -                   1
bbb                                      1           -         -              44              -                  45
below investment                        39           5        50              29              -                 123
grade non-rated                                -           -         -               1                    59           60
total                                  $44          $5       $50             $74                   $59         $232
120

table of contents item 7 / investments for the year ended december 31, 2012

rating:
aaa                                         $-      $-        $-      $2        $-          $2
aa                                          10       -         -       -         -          10
a                                            -       2         -       4         -           6
bbb                                          -       -         -       -         -           -
below                                      432       5       208      26         -         671
investment grade non-rated                                    -       -         -      34       327         361
total                                     $442      $7      $208     $66      $327      $1,050
*    includes other-than-temporary impairment charges on private equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity investments.
we recorded other-than-temporary impairment charges in the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 related to:
•    issuer-specific credit events;
•    securities for which we have changed our intent from hold to sell;
•    declines due to foreign exchange rates;
•    adverse changes in estimated cash flows on certain structured securities; and
•    securities that experienced severe market valuation declines.
in addition, impairments are recorded on real estate and investments in life settlements.
there was no significant impact to our consolidated financial condition or results of operations from other-than-temporary impairment charges for any one single credit. also, no individual other-than-temporary impairment charge exceeded 0.01, 0.02 percent and 0.11 percent of total equity at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
in periods subsequent to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment charge for available for sale fixed maturity securities that is not foreign-exchange related, we generally prospectively accrete into earnings the difference between the new amortized cost and the expected undiscounted recoverable value over the remaining life of the security. the accretion that was recognized for these securities in earnings was $725 million in 2014, $774 million in 2013 and $915 million in 2012. for a discussion of our other-than-temporary impairment accounting policy, see note 6, investments to the consolidated financial statements.
the following table shows the aging of the pre-tax unrealized losses of fixed maturity and equity securities, the extent to which the fair value is less than amortized cost or cost, and the number of respective items in each category:
december                less than or equal                         greater than 20%                         greater than 50%
31, 2014

to 20% of cost(b)                         to 50% of cost(b)                               of cost(b)                                        total aging(a)                           unrealized                                unrealized                               unrealized                                   unrealized
(dollars              cost(c)            loss   items(e)        cost(c)            loss   items(e)       cost(c)            loss   items(e)         cost(c)           loss(d)   items(e)
in millions)
investment grade bonds
0-6 months            $15,717            $349      2,057            $45             $10          2            $-              $-          -         $15,762              $359      2,059
7-11 months               950              20        203             13               3          2             -               -          -             963                23        205
12 months              19,730             789      1,642            150              42         41            30              20          7          19,910               851      1,690
or more total                 $36,397          $1,158      3,902           $208             $55         45           $30             $20          7         $36,635            $1,233      3,954
below investment grade bonds
0-6 months             $6,041            $187      1,634           $143             $37         56            $7              $4          3          $6,191              $228      1,693
7-11 months             1,185              49        299             17               4         11             5               3          4           1,207                56        314
12 months               3,270             220        381            245              78         48             6               4          4           3,521               302        433
or more total                 $10,496            $456      2,314           $405            $119        115           $18             $11         11         $10,919              $586      2,440
121

table of contents item 7 / investments total bonds

0-6 months        $21,758          $536   3,691      $188       $47    58      $7      $4    3        $21,953          $587   3,752
7-11 months          2,135            69     502        30         7    13       5       3    4          2,170            79     519
12 months         23,000         1,009   2,023       395       120    89      36      24   11         23,431         1,153   2,123
or more total(e)        $46,893        $1,614   6,216      $613      $174   160     $48     $31   18        $47,554        $1,819   6,394
equity securities
0-11 months           $379           $40      90       $42       $13    26      $-      $-    -           $421           $53     116
12 months             65             -       1         2         1     1       -       -    -             67             1       2
or more total           $444           $40      91       $44       $14    27      $-      $-    -           $488           $54     118
(a) represents the number of consecutive months that fair value has been less than cost by any amount.
(b) represents the percentage by which fair value is less than cost at december 31, 2014.
(c)  for bonds, represents amortized cost.
(d) the effect on net income of unrealized losses after taxes will be mitigated upon realization because certain realized losses will result in current decreases in the amortization of certain dac.
(e) item count is by cusip by subsidiary.
change in unrealized gains and losses on investments the change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2014 was primarily attributable to increases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. for 2014, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity and equity securities increased by $7.3 billion due to a decrease in interest rates on investment grade fixed maturity securities, partially offset by the widening of spreads.
the change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2013 were primarily attributable to decreases in the fair value of bonds available for sale. net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity and equity securities decreased by $13.7 billion primarily due to the increase in u.s. treasury rates, partially offset by the narrowing of credit spreads and the realization of approximately $2.5 billion in gains from sales of securities.
see also note 6, investments to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our investment portfolio.
insurance reserves

the following section provides discussion of insurance reserves for both the non-life insurance companies and the life insurance companies.
non-life insurance companies the following section provides discussion of the consolidated liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for the non-life insurance companies.
122

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies the following table presents the components of aig's gross loss reserves by major lines of business on a u.s. statutory basis*:
at december 31,

(in millions)                                     2014           2013
other liability occurrence (including          $19,444        $21,023
asbestos and environmental)
international                                   16,932         17,126
workers' compensation (net of discount)         14,914         15,390
other liability claims made                     10,051         10,645
property                                         3,515          4,111
auto liability                                   2,237          2,581
products liability                               1,439          1,463
medical malpractice                              1,626          1,714
mortgage guaranty / credit                       1,008          1,348
accident and health                              1,271          1,378
commercial multiple peril                        1,886          1,886
aircraft                                         1,402          1,276
fidelity/surety                                    504            538
other                                            1,031          1,068
total                                          $77,260        $81,547
*    presented by lines of business pursuant to statutory reporting requirements as prescribed by the naic.
gross loss reserves represent the accumulation of estimates of ultimate losses, including estimates for ibnr and loss expenses, less estimated salvage and subrogation and applicable discount. the non-life insurance companies regularly review and update the methods and assumptions used to determine loss reserve estimates and to establish the resulting reserves. any adjustments resulting from this review are reflected in pre‐tax operating income. because loss reserve estimates are subject to the outcome of future events, changes in estimates are unavoidable given that loss trends vary and time is often required for changes in trends to be recognized and confirmed. reserve changes that increase prior years' estimates of ultimate cost are referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve strengthening. reserve changes that decrease prior years' estimates of ultimate cost are referred to as favorable development. see md&a critical accounting estimates - details of the loss reserving process.
net loss reserves represent gross loss reserves reduced by reinsurance recoverable, net of an allowance for unrecoverable reinsurance.
the following table presents the components of net loss reserves:
december
31,

(in millions)                                        2014             2013
gross loss reserves before reinsurance            $80,337          $85,102
and discount less: discount                                    (3,077)          (3,555)
gross loss reserves, net of discount,              77,260           81,547
before reinsurance less: reinsurance recoverable*                   (15,648)         (17,231)
net liability for unpaid losses and loss          $61,612          $64,316
adjustment expenses
*    includes $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion of reinsurance recoverable under a retroactive reinsurance agreement at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
gross loss reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of contractual deductible recoverable amounts due from policyholders of approximately $12.4 billion and $12.0 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. these recoverable amounts are related to certain policies with high deductibles (in excess of high dollar amounts retained by the insured through self-insured retentions, deductibles, retrospective programs, or captive arrangements; each referred to generically as "deductibles"), primarily for u.s. commercial casualty business, where the non-life insurance companies manage and pay the entire claim on behalf of the insured and are reimbursed by the insured for the deductible portion of the claim. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the non-life insurance companies held collateral totaling $9.4 billion and $9.0 billion, respectively, for these deductible recoverable amounts, consisting primarily of letters of credit and assets in trusts.
123

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies the following table classifies the components of net loss reserves by business unit:
december 31,

(in millions)                                      2014           2013
property casualty:
casualty                                        $33,065        $34,494
financial lines                                   9,538          9,803
specialty                                         5,786          5,485
property                                          4,079          4,293
total property casualty (a)                      52,468         54,075
mortgage guaranty                                   977          1,287
personal insurance personal lines                                    2,763          3,385
accident and health                               1,878          2,094
total personal insurance(a)                       4,641          5,479
other run-off insurance lines                     3,526          3,475
net liability for unpaid losses and loss        $61,612        $64,316
adjustment expenses
(a) the december 31, 2013 balances have been reclassified between the property casualty and personal insurance lines of business. the impact of this correction was a total decrease of $325 million in property casualty and a corresponding increase in personal insurance, with no income statement or balance sheet impact.
discounting of reserves the following table presents the components of loss reserve discount included above:
december 31,                               2014                                              2013

run-off                                             run-off property        insurance                          property         insurance
(in millions)                       casualty            lines         total            casualty             lines         total u.s. workers' compensation:
tabular                                 $623             $229          $852                $597              $201          $798
non-tabular                            1,525              689         2,214               1,622             1,102         2,724
asbestos                                   -               11            11                   -                33            33
total reserve discount                $2,148             $929        $3,077              $2,219            $1,336        $3,555
the following table presents the net reserve discount benefit (charge):
years ended december 31,                         2014                                             2013                                             2012

run-off                                              run-off                                        run-off property         insurance                          property        insurance                        property        insurance
(in millions)                     casualty         lines             total            casualty            lines        total           casualty        lines            total change in loss reserve discount - current accident year                $189            $-                $189             $175                         $-         $175               $348               $-         $348
change in loss reserve discount - prior year development                       (52)             (336)             (388)            (249)                 707          458                100        (13)                87
accretion of reserve discount                          (208)            (71)              (279)            (248)                (76)        (324)              (348)        (24)             (372)
net reserve discount benefit (charge)             $(71)           $(407)            $(478)           $(322)                     $631         $309               $100            $(37)          $63
comprised of:
u.s. workers' compensation   $(71)           $(385)            $(456)           $(322)                     $649         $327               $100               $-         $100
asbestos                     $-              $(22)             $(22)            $-                        $(18)        $(18)                 $-            $(37)        $(37)
124

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies u.s. workers' compensation the non-life insurance companies discount certain workers' compensation reserves in accordance with practices prescribed or permitted by new york, pennsylvania and delaware. new york rules generally do not permit non-tabular discounting on ibnr and prescribe a fixed 5 percent discount rate for application to case reserves. pennsylvania permits non-tabular discounting of ibnr  and, commencing in 2013, approved a variable discount rate determined using risk-free rates based on the u.s. treasury forward yield curve plus a liquidity margin, applicable to ibnr and case reserves. delaware has permitted discounting on the same basis as the pennsylvania domiciled companies.
the net reduction in workers' compensation discount in 2014 of $456 million is primarily due to the decline in risk-free rates during 2014 used under pennsylvania and delaware prescribed or permitted practices, changes in the payout pattern assumptions, including the effect of commutations and accelerated settlements for certain excess workers' compensation reserves, as well as accretion.  the change in rates used for discounting was the largest driver of the charge as treasury rates fell along the entire payout pattern horizon during 2014, and accounted for $397 million of the decrease.  the accelerated settlements and commutations in the excess workers' compensation class of business during 2014 accounted for approximately $111 million of the decrease.   the effects of these changes were somewhat offset by increased discount from newly established reserves for accident year 2014 and the impact of the first quarter re-pooling described below.
on january 1, 2014, the non-life insurance companies merged their two internal pooling arrangements into one pool, and changed the participation percentages of the pool members, resulting in a reallocation of reserves from new york domiciled companies to those domiciled in pennsylvania and delaware. as a result of these changes in the participation percentages and domiciliary states of the participants of the combined pool, the non-life insurance companies recognized a discount benefit of $110 million in the first quarter of 2014.
annual reserving conclusion aig net loss reserves represent our best estimate of the liability for net losses and loss adjustment expenses as of december 31, 2014. while we regularly review the adequacy of established loss reserves, there can be no assurance that our ultimate loss reserves will not develop adversely in future years and materially exceed our loss reserves as of december 31, 2014. in our opinion, such adverse development and resulting increase in reserves are not likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, although such events could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period.
the following table presents the rollforward of net loss reserves:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                          2014           2013           2012
net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses at beginning of year                                $64,316        $68,782        $70,825
foreign exchange effect                             (1,061)          (617)           (90)
other, including dispositions                             -           (79)           (11)
change due to retroactive asbestos                      141             22             90
reinsurance transaction losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred:
current year, undiscounted                           21,279         22,171         25,385
prior years unfavorable development,                    703            557            421
undiscounted(a)
change in discount                                      478          (309)           (63)
losses and loss adjustment expenses                  22,460         22,419         25,743
incurred(b)
losses and loss adjustment expenses paid:
current year                                          6,358          7,431          8,450
prior years                                          17,886         18,780         19,325
losses and loss adjustment expenses paid(b)          24,244         26,211         27,775
net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses at end of year                                      $61,612        $64,316        $68,782
(a) see tables below for details of prior year development by business unit, accident year and major class of business.
125

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies
(b) these amounts exclude benefit from retroactive reinsurance.
the following table summarizes development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of incurred losses and loss expenses for prior years, net of reinsurance, by business unit and major class of business:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                    2014          2013         2012
prior accident year development by major class of business:
property casualty - u.s. &amp; canada:
excess casualty                                 $(36)        $(144)         $157
financial lines including professional           (47)         (113)        (283)
liability environmental (post 1986 - ongoing)               137           151          161
primary casualty:
loss-sensitive (offset by premium                 105            89           54
adjustments below)
other                                             445           409          477
healthcare                                        109          (54)           68
property excluding natural catastrophes            50          (80)         (95)
natural catastrophes                            (102)           179        (144)
all other, net                                     72            23          147
total property casualty - u.s. &amp;              733           460          542
canada property casualty international:
excess casualty                                  (62)          (15)         (10)
primary casualty                                  (5)          (25)         (36)
financial lines                                   182            74           33
specialty                                        (30)          (51)         (77)
property excluding natural catastrophes          (82)           (3)         (54)
natural catastrophes                             (77)          (71)        (105)
all other, net                                    (4)          (14)          (3)
total property casualty - international          (78)         (105)        (252)
total property casualty                           655           355          290
mortgage guaranty                               (104)            30         (78)
consumer personal insurance - u.s. &amp;
canada:
natural catastrophes                              (8)          (69)           11
all other, net                                   (44)          (46)            9
total consumer personal insurance - u.s.         (52)         (115)           20
&amp; canada consumer personal insurance -
international:
natural catastrophes                              (8)             -         (26)
all other, net                                   (17)          (40)         (14)
total consumer personal insurance -              (25)          (40)         (40)
international total consumer personal insurance                (77)         (155)         (20)
run-off insurance lines - u.s. &amp;
canada:
asbestos and environmental (1986 and              126            57           70
prior)
run-off environmental (1987 to 2004)              120           238          166
total all other, net                             (20)            22            -
total run-off insurance lines - u.s.              226           317          236
&amp; canada run-off insurance lines - international:
asbestos and environmental (1986 and              (2)            10            5
prior)
total all other, net                                5             -         (12)
total run-off insurance lines -                     3            10          (7)
international total run-off insurance lines                     229           327          229
total prior year unfavorable development         $703          $557         $421
premium adjustments on primary casualty         (105)          (89)         (54)
loss sensitive total prior year development, net of             $598          $468         $367
premium adjustments
126

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies net loss development in determining the loss development from prior accident years, aig analyzes and evaluates the change in estimated ultimate loss for each accident year by class of business. for example, if loss emergence for a class of business is different than expected for certain accident years, we examine the indicated effect such emergence would have on the reserves of that class of business. in some cases, the higher or lower than expected emergence may result in no clear change in the ultimate loss estimate for the accident years in question, and no adjustment would be made to the reserves for the class of business for prior accident years. in other cases, the higher or lower than expected emergence may result in a large change, either favorable or unfavorable. as appropriate, we make adjustments for the difference between the actual and expected loss emergence for each accident year. as part of our reserving process, we also consider notices of claims received with respect to emerging and/or evolving issues.
in 2014, the adverse prior year loss reserve development, including premium adjustments of $105 million, was $598 million, which was driven by reserve increases on claims in commercial insurance and other - u.s. the net adverse prior year loss reserve development in commercial insurance was driven by primary casualty, environmental, international financial lines and healthcare, partially offset by natural catastrophes, international primary casualty and international commercial property, while the adverse development in other - u.s. was driven by adverse development on legacy asbestos and pollution exposures (1986 and prior) and run-off environmental exposures (1987 - 2004). the u.s. primary casualty adverse prior year loss reserve development of $445 million was driven by primary general liability ($182 million), primary auto liability ($156 million) and primary workers' compensation ($137 million) due to worse than expected emergence and updated loss development and expected loss ratio assumptions.
during 2013, the adverse prior year loss reserve development including premium adjustments was $468 million. the increase was primarily due to the increases in reserves by $108 million for storm sandy, $219 million for u.s. construction primary general liability lines and $238 million for the run‐off environmental (1987 to 2004) book.
in addition, we recognized additional premiums on loss sensitive business of $105 million, $89 million and $54 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, which entirely offset adverse development in that business.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, we incurred reinsurance reinstatement premiums of ($2) million, compared to $27 million for 2013 and $0 for 2012.
the following is a discussion of the primary reasons for the development in 2014, 2013 and 2012 of those classes of business that experienced significant prior accident year development during the three‐year period. see md&a - critical accounting estimates for a description of our loss reserving process.
excess casualty - u.s.
the excess casualty class presents unique challenges for estimating the unpaid losses. insureds are generally required to provide notice of claims that exceed a threshold, either expressed as a proportion of the attachment (e.g., 50 percent of the attachment) or for particular types of claims (e.g., death, quadriplegia). this threshold is generally established well below our attachment point, to provide us with a precautionary notice of claims that could potentially pierce our layer of coverage. this means that the majority of claims close without payment because the claims never pierce our layer, while the claims that close with payment can be large and highly variable. thus, estimates of unpaid losses carry significant uncertainty. for reserve reporting purposes, we combine the umbrella excess casualty business with the high layer catastrophic casualty business that attaches when losses exceed $50 million.
during 2014, excess casualty experienced $36 million of favorable development largely driven by savings on a few large claims. in our excess umbrella analysis in 2014, our revised segmentation led to lower 2005 and subsequent accident year estimates for non-mass tort claims where we expect underwriting actions and reductions in policy limits to have a favorable effect on ultimate losses from accident years 2007 to 2013 in particular. this was entirely offset by higher selected ultimate losses for accident years 2004 and prior as a result of updated loss development patterns for mass tort claims which we segmented separately from the non-mass tort claims.
during 2013, excess casualty experienced $144 million of favorable emergence due to favorable outcomes on some large cases from 2010 and lower than expected emergence in high layer catastrophic casualty business.
127

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies during 2012, the excess casualty class of business experienced $157 million of adverse development based on worse than expected umbrella excess emergence, primarily from adverse outcomes relating to certain large claims from older accident years, from the legacy public entity excess casualty class of business and from a refined analysis applied to claims in excess of $10 million. this refined analysis considered the impact of changing attachment points (primarily impacting frequency of excess claims) and limit structures (primarily impacting severity of excess claims) throughout the loss development period.
environmental and pollution products we maintain an active environmental insurance business related to pollution legal liability and general liability for environmental consultants and engineers, as well as run-off business for certain environmental coverage which provides cost overrun protection, in some cases over long time periods. we evaluate and report reserves associated with this business separately from the 1986 and prior asbestos and environmental reserves associated with standard general liability and umbrella policies discussed under "asbestos and environmental reserves".
historically, we had used traditional actuarial methods to assess the reserves for pollution products. the comprehensive claims review process that began in 2012 provided a more refined approach for the development of actuarial estimates for toxic tort claims (which were found to have a distinctly lengthier loss development pattern than other general liability claims in the environmental portfolio) as well as a more appropriate methodology for incorporating case reserving based estimates of ultimate loss costs for complex claims involving environmental remediation and/or from policies with high policy limits (greater than $5 million per policy). notwithstanding the refined methodology and approach applied in 2012 and subsequently, considerable uncertainty remains over the ultimate loss costs for this class of business, especially for business written in accident years 2003 and prior.
in 2014, our updated analysis of environmental and pollution products resulted in adverse prior year loss reserve development of $120 million for pollution policies primarily written prior to 2004, which are managed by our run-off unit, and $91 million for pollution policies written 2004 and subsequent.  the prior year loss reserve development on policies written prior to 2004 is mostly due to projected increases for individual claim estimates as determined by our run-off unit.  the prior year loss reserve development on policies written in 2004 and subsequent is due to an increase in the pure ibnr by reflecting an increase in the estimated future severity for the pure ibnr claims and an increase in the expected loss ratios for recent years to reflect the emerging experience and the results of updated claim file reviews completed in 2014. our updated reviews did not establish any discernible trends from a policy structure, industry class, or cause of loss standpoint. rather, there were several large loss increases associated with a single accident or catastrophe. while the average policy term for new business written is close to three years, the results for more recent accident years can still be influenced by longer term policies issued in prior years. we have continued to actively monitor and adjust policy terms offered in the pollution products class of business. transactions with policy terms greater than five years have been reduced by more than 75 percent, with policy terms in excess of five years now accounting for just four percent of the gross written premiums of the book. the new business written continues to meet risk adjusted profitability targets after the increased estimates of ultimate losses for the more recent accident years.
in 2013, our analysis of pollution products reflected an updated review of individual cases which indicated large increases in the value of certain previously reported cases due to new developments such as the discovery of additional contamination in certain sites, legislative changes, and court rulings, expansion of plaintiff damages and increased cost of remediation technologies. additionally, the number and severity of newly reported claims was higher than expected. as a result, we increased our estimate of ultimate losses by approximately $269 million with approximately $201 million of this relating to policies written in 2003 and prior. significant changes in underwriting during 2004 changed the terms and conditions materially for policies written after 2003 to reduce our exposure to these events.
because of an increase in the frequency and severity of claims observed beginning in 2011, the 2012 loss reserve review consisted of an intensive review of reported claims by a multi‐disciplinary team including external specialists in environmental law and engineering science, toxicologists and other specialists, our actuaries, claims managers and underwriters to reassess our indicated loss reserve need. the review improved our understanding of factors that drive claim costs such as policy term, limit, pollution conditions covered, location of incident and applicable laws and remediation standards. the analysis used these factors to segment and analyze the claim data to determine ultimate costs, in some cases, on a claim by claim basis. as a result of this analysis, $200 million of adverse prior year loss reserve development was recognized during 2012, including $166 million for pollution products reported in the run-off unit. the majority (81 percent) of the adverse development related to accident years 2003 and prior, before significant underwriting changes were adopted.
128

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies in addition to reserving actions, we have made significant changes to the ongoing environmental business included in commercial insurance with the goal of ensuring that the current policies are being written to earn an appropriate risk adjusted profit. underwriting guidelines have been revised to no longer cover known or expected clean up costs, which were a significant driver of historical claims, and a "new emerging contaminants" team has been formed within the dedicated environmental engineering staff to track any new cleanup standards that may be set by federal or state regulators. further, engineering reviews are required for specific business segments (such as oil and gas, and landfills) that have traditionally generated higher losses.
primary casualty - u.s. and canada primary casualty includes workers' compensation, general liability and auto liability lines of business.  in addition, these lines of business are categorized into classes of business including national accounts, commercial risk, specialty workers' compensation, energy, multi national, construction, transportation and trucking.
the national accounts class of business includes casualty insurance for businesses with revenues of $700 million or more.  the commercial risk class of business includes casualty insurance for businesses with revenues of less than $700 million. the majority of the business is workers' compensation. the specialty workers' compensation  class of business includes small monoline guaranteed cost risks. our specialty workers' compensation class of business grew significantly in the early to mid 2000s but has reduced premium writings by nearly 70 percent since 2007.  the energy class of business includes casualty insurance (including workers' compensation) in the mining, oil and gas and power generation sectors. the construction, transportation and trucking class of business includes casualty insurance (including workers' compensation) within that industry.
during 2014, we continued to refine our segmentation of primary workers' compensation into guaranteed cost and excess of large deductible business by deductible size group.  the net result of the analysis was adverse development of $137 million for the primary workers' compensation class of business. the key drivers of the adverse development in this class of business were increases for guaranteed cost business in california and new york, and increases for excess of large deductible business, as well as adverse experience in the construction class.  each of these segments appears to have been impacted by specific structural changes in the portfolio. for california business, our tail factor increases were in response to changing long-term medical development patterns. in new york, there has been a lengthening of the period between the date of accident and the classification of non-scheduled permanent partial injuries.  we completed a review of claim emergence and payouts for our top six states in workers' compensation and concluded that california and new york were the main states where the loss development patterns had materially changed since our last review. for excess of large deductible business across all states, we updated our analyses to consider the impact of changes in the mix of retentions that has occurred over time as the data by retention band was becoming more credible.  for the construction class, we note that the construction sector has experienced a comparatively slow recovery in payroll employment.  as a result of the diminished employment opportunities in this industry sector, injured workers may experience limited return-to-work opportunities, which moderate the shortening of claim duration that normally accompanies a labor market recovery. for all other states combined excluding california and new york, we saw favorable emergence in our middle market specialty workers' compensation segment.  the net effect of these revised selections had the greatest adverse effect on the construction class of business ($140 million adverse development) and the national accounts class of business ($125 million adverse development).  the most significant favorable effect was in the specialty workers' compensation class of business ($155 million favorable development).  our analysis considers our best estimate expectations of medical inflation and loss costs trends and also reflects the impacts of enhancements in our claim management and loss mitigation activities, such as opioid management, fraud investigation and medical management.
for primary general liability in 2014, we increased our ultimate losses for prior years by $182 million. this was largely driven by the construction segment as a result of several large construction defect claims and increases in the costs of claims in new york associated with new york labor law.  the construction results in california and new york continue to be the main sources of adverse development in our guaranteed cost primary general liability books although we did experience adverse development from construction defect claims in other states in 2014. our large account primary non-construction general liability business was adversely impacted by claim activity in the layers excess of large insured retentions and we increased our loss development patterns for these layers to reflect the changes.
for commercial auto in 2014, we reacted to an increase in frequency of large claims in the accident years 2010 to 2013, where the economic recovery has contributed to increased frequency and severity, especially for those claims in excess of a client
129

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies deductible of $500,000, which generally take several years to emerge and settle. this led to adverse prior year loss reserve development of $156 million for the automobile subset of primary casualty.
during 2013, we continued to refine the segmentation of our analyses of primary workers' compensation, which indicated that prior year loss reserve development was flat after taking into account the initiatives that our claim function has undertaken to manage high risk claims.
during 2013, for primary general liability, we increased our reserves for prior years by approximately $355 million. most of the increase was driven by construction‐related primary general liability claims, especially construction defect claims where we increased our ultimate loss estimates by $219 million to reflect the higher than expected frequency and severity of these claims especially in states that experienced heavy increases in construction activity after the 2004 and 2005 hurricanes and during the housing boom prior to 2007. due to the subsequent home price declines observed in many of these states, the frequency of reported losses has increased as the losses subsequently represented a larger percentage of the equity values of the affected homes, and homeowners increasingly looked to insurance recoveries as a way to recoup some of that lost value.
during 2012, we significantly intensified our claims management efforts for those primary workers' compensation claims which are managed by aig. these efforts include consulting with various specialists, including clinical and public health professionals and other advisors. we also continued to refine our actuarial methodologies for estimating ultimate loss costs incorporating a more refined segmentation by state (california and new york were analyzed separately) and a more refined approach for business subject to deductibles as well as business subject to premium adjustments (loss‐sensitive business). based on these enhanced reviews, we increased reserves by $46 million.
in 2012, we also reviewed the general liability loss experience of the primary casualty classes of business using a more refined segmentation for business subject to a deductible as well as loss‐sensitive business. our review focused on applying actuarial loss development analyses to those general liability claims for which these techniques are appropriate. as a result of this analysis, we determined that prior year reserves needed to be increased by $235 million for the primary general liability class of business in 2012 to reflect the worse than expected emergence of paid loss severities for both bodily injury and property damage claims from the more recent accident years (2008 and subsequent).
healthcare during 2014, we recognized $109 million of adverse development in this class largely driven by three large and relatively unusual claims of $25 million each in relatively recent accident years. while there have not been any significant structural changes to the portfolio, there can be material volatility in loss experience in this class of business where individual claims can be of high severity.
during 2013, this class recognized $54 million of favorable prior year development due to lower than expected loss emergence in many classes such as excess hospital liability.
during 2012, this class recognized $68 million of adverse prior year loss reserve development due to several large claims that involved unusual coverage issues for this class. with the exception of these claims, this class experienced claim activity in line with expectations.
financial lines - u.s. and canada financial lines business includes director and officer (d&o) and related management liability, including various professional liability classes of business as well as the fidelity book of business.  the financial lines book consists mostly of the d&o class of business.
during 2014, we recognized $47 million of favorable development driven by the professional liability and d&o and related management liability classes of business, somewhat offset by adverse development on the fidelity book in recent accident years due to the changing economic cycle.
during 2013, we recognized $113 million of favorable development driven somewhat evenly among the professional liability, fidelity and d&o and related management liability classes of business. the year-end 2013 professional liability loss reserve actuarial review adopted a refined segmentation for this class of business with the selection of differentiated frequency and
130

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies severity trends for various professional liability classes of business which appear to be behaving differently in the post financial crisis years than when reviewed in total.
during 2012, we recognized $283 million of favorable development in these classes of business largely driven by the d&o and related management liability classes of business.  for the year-end 2012 loss reserve review, our actuaries took into account the favorable emergence during 2012 for several accident years, especially accident year 2010, the claims department's reviews of open claims and reduced the ultimate losses for prior accident years accordingly. the 2012 d&o and related management liability actuarial review also used a refined segmentation for this class of business with the selection of differentiated frequency and severity trends. the overall loss cost used for this class of business in 2012 from the application of the refined segmentation was slightly lower than that adopted for the 2011 review reflecting the continued favorable emergence from the class of business financial lines - international our global financial lines claims unit has implemented its target operating model in europe and australasia which has provided our actuaries with more detailed case reserve data and analysis, enabling aig's actuaries to react sooner to case development than in prior reserve studies. the actuaries see evidence of earlier settlement of claims on a paid and incurred basis in the international financial lines class of business.  during 2014, we recognized $182 million of adverse development in the international financial lines segments, driven by large claims emergence in the u.k., australasia and europe.  multiple accident years contributed to this total, but it was concentrated most heavily in accident years 2008-2011.  the australasia emergence was due to a number of specific large losses in the australia and new zealand d&o business.  in europe, adverse prior year loss reserve development was concentrated in the d&o class of business, where we have observed a greater incidence of severe claims compared with prior years, and the professional class of business, with large losses from one insured. the new business written across international financial lines continues to meet risk adjusted profitability targets after the increased estimates of ultimate losses for the more recent accident years.
during 2013, we recognized $74 million of adverse development, all of which stemmed from losses in the d&o books in europe, uk and australasia, with the other segments showing modest favorable development.  the development we recognized can be directly linked to a small number of specific claims booked throughout the year.
during 2012, we recognized $33 million of adverse development, concentrated in europe and australasia d&o, which was related to a small number of specific severe claims in those regions.
excess workers' compensation - u.s.
this class of business, which is reported in our run-off unit, has an extremely long tail and is one of the most challenging classes of business to reserve for, particularly when the excess coverage is provided above a self‐insured retention layer. the class is highly sensitive to small changes in assumptions - in the rate of medical inflation or the longevity of injured workers, for example - which can have a significant effect on the ultimate reserve estimate.
during 2014, we updated our analyses of excess workers compensation using a range of scenarios and methodologies and determined that our carried reserves were adequate after recognizing $20 million of favorable prior year development as a result of claim settlements and commutations of assumed reinsurance business, as well as reflecting changes in estimates in our loss mitigation strategies.  we commuted several large assumed reinsurance agreements in 2014 and reduced the reserves faster than was previously expected as a result of our proactive management by the run-off unit.  the reduction in nominal reserves as a result of assumed reinsurance commutations and individual claims settlement strategies amounted to $242 million in 2014, compared to $25 million in 2013.  the results from these strategies also impacted the loss payout patterns used in our discount calculations, previously discussed.
during 2013, we updated our analysis of excess workers' compensation reserves and determined that no changes to our carried reserves were needed. we also updated our analysis of underlying claims cost drivers used in 2012 through accident year 2004, discussed in more detail below.
during the 2012 loss reserve review, we augmented traditional reserve methodologies with an analysis of underlying claims cost drivers to inform our judgment of the ultimate loss costs for open reported claims from accident years 2003 and prior
131

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies
(representing approximately 95 percent of all open reported claims) and used the refined analysis to inform our judgment of the ultimate loss cost for claims that have not yet been reported using a frequency/severity approach for these accident years.
this approach was deemed to be most suitable for injured workers whose medical conditions had largely stabilized (i.e., at least 9 to 10 years have elapsed since the date of injury). the reserves for accident years 2004 and subsequent (13 percent of total case and ibnr reserves for this class) were determined using traditional methods.
natural catastrophes during 2014, we experienced favorable property catastrophe prior year development of $102 million in our u.s. and canada business, primarily due to several u.s. events in accident year 2013. we also experienced favorable property catastrophe prior year loss reserve development of $77 million from our international property class of business.
during 2013, we experienced adverse development from storm sandy totaling $108 million, or 5.4 percent of the 2012 estimate. this development resulted from higher severities on a small number of large and complex commercial claims driven by a number of factors including the extensive damage caused to properties in the downtown new york metropolitan area.
during 2012, we experienced favorable development from the tohoku catastrophe in japan due to commercial claim severities being less than previously reserved.
international casualty during 2014, 2013 and 2012, we had $67 million, $40 million, and $46 million of favorable development, respectively.  the favorable development in each year is due to lower than expected loss emergence in many classes and countries outside the u.s., with the majority from various countries in the emea region.
personal insurance during 2014, we experienced favorable loss reserve development of $16 million from natural catastrophes, primarily related to storm sandy. the remaining $61 million of favorable development is primarily from homeowners, international accident & health and u.s. warranty.
mortgage guaranty mortgage guaranty business includes domestic first liens (93 percent of total reserves) and small run-off books in second liens, student loans and international.
during 2014, we recognized $104 million of favorable prior year loss reserve development driven in part by steady increases in year-over-year first lien cure rates, a reflection of the improved economic environment, and in part by favorable frequency trends and recoveries in second lien claims.  partially offsetting these improvements were upward trends in severity, particularly for older (pre-2012) accident periods.
during 2013, we recognized $30 million of adverse prior year loss reserve development due to unfavorable emergence of overturns of prior claim cancellations and increased severity estimates in first liens, partially offset by favorable frequency in student loans and a reduction in the unallocated loss adjustment expense reserve.
during 2012, we recognized $78 million of favorable prior year loss reserve development due to higher than expected cancellation rates on first lien legacy claims, combined with improving frequency trends and strong recoveries in second lien claims.
see item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates - liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for further discussion of our loss reserving process.
see commercial insurance and consumer personal insurance results herein for further discussion of net loss development.
132

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies the following table summarizes development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses for prior years, net of reinsurance, by accident year:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)          2014         2013         2012
prior accident year development by accident year:
accident year
2013        $(283)           $-           $-
2012          (59)        (181)            -
2011            37          217        (162)
2010            12        (350)         (75)
2009            31          157         (45)
2008             8          (1)        (150)
2007         (113)            -          157
2006            64         (75)         (20)
2005           105           61          112
2004 and prior (see table below)           901          729          604
total prior year unfavorable development          $703         $557         $421
net loss development by accident year for 2014, the favorable development in accident years 2013 and 2012 was driven by financial lines, commercial property and other short tailed lines, like personal lines. for accident year 2007, the favorable development was driven by u.s. and canada financial lines and excess casualty.  for accident years 2004 and prior, the adverse development was driven by the excess casualty results of the mass-tort resegmentation analysis, the updated primary workers' compensation loss development selections (principally in california, new york and the excess of deductible segments) as well as the run-off pollution products business (1987-2004) and the asbestos and environmental (1986 and prior) exposure.
for 2013, the favorable development from accident year 2012 was driven primarily by consumer lines and lower losses in domestic commercial property, while the favorable development from accident year 2010 was primarily the result of favorable claims emergence from domestic excess casualty and from liability and financial lines coverage policies that are on a claims made basis. the adverse development from accident year 2011 was driven by large losses in financial lines and adverse development in primary casualty, including the loss-sensitive business.  the adverse development from accident year 2009 was driven by large losses in financial lines and adverse development in primary casualty including loss-sensitive business. for the same periods, the adverse development from accident years 2003 and prior was primarily driven by loss development on toxic tort claims, construction general liability claims and pollution product claims.
for 2012, the favorable development from accident year 2011 was driven primarily by the favorable development on natural catastrophes, primarily the tohoku catastrophe, and the adverse development from accident years 2003 and prior was primarily the result of  the increase in reserves on runoff pollution product business (policies written between 1987 and 2003).
for certain categories of claims (e.g., construction defect claims and environmental claims) and for reinsurance recoverable, losses may sometimes be reclassified to an earlier or later accident year as more information about the date of occurrence becomes available to aig. these reclassifications are shown as development in the respective years in the tables above.
133

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies the following table summarizes development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses for accident year 2004 and prior by major class of business and driver of development:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                  2014        2013         2012
2004 and prior accident year development by major class of business and driver of development:
excess casualty - primarily mass torts(a)      $301          $-           $-
excess casualty - all other                      53         251        (108)
primary casualty - loss sensitive                37        (24)           83
business(b)
primary casualty - all other(c)                 196         102          183
environmental (post 1986 - ongoing) and          97         214          250
run-off environmental (1987 to 2004)(d)
asbestos and environmental (1986 and            124          67           75
prior)
commutations(e)                                  63          21           78
all other                                        30          98           43
total prior year unfavorable development       $901        $729         $604
(a) updates of mass tort loss development patterns.
(b) loss sensitive business that is offset by premium adjustments and has no income statement impact. approximated based on prior accident year development recognized from policy year premium charges.
(c) includes loss development on excess of deductible exposures in workers' compensation, general liability and commercial auto.
(d) includes results of comprehensive specific large claim file reviews initiated in 2012 and updated in 2013 and 2014.
(e) the effects of commutations are shown separately from the related classes of business, primarily excess workers' compensation. commutations are reflected for the years in which they were contractually binding.
the main sources of unfavorable prior year development for accident years 2004 and prior, representing 95 percent of the total recorded in 2012 through 2014, are as follows:
•    update of the mass tort loss development patterns used for u.s. excess casualty which accounted for $301 million and other loss emergence including specific large loss development totaling $196 million across the three years;
•    loss sensitive business that is entirely offset by premium adjustments accounted for $96 million;
•    update of the loss development patterns used for u.s. primary casualty including loss development patterns used in guaranteed cost workers' compensation in ca and ny, the construction class of business and updates to the loss development patterns for business written on excess of deductible exposures in workers' compensation, general liability and the commercial auto classes of business which collectively accounted for approximately $577 million across the three years;
•    update of the environmental run-off portfolio's losses following the 2012 comprehensive claims review that provided a more refined approach for the development of actuarial estimates for toxic tort claims (which were found to have a distinctly lengthier loss development pattern than other general liability claims in the environmental portfolio) as well as a more appropriate methodology for incorporating case reserving based estimates of ultimate loss costs for complex claims involving environmental remediation and/or from policies with high policy limits (greater than $5 million per policy). these updates which commenced in 2012 and have been applied in each subsequent year, accounted for approximately $561 million;
•    update of our net retained asbestos and environmental exposure from 1986 and prior which accounted for approximately $266 million ($196 million environmental and $70 million asbestos) across the three years; and
•    commutations in the three-year period ending december 31, 2014, accounted for approximately $162 million.  these commutations serve to reduce the uncertainty in aig's required reserves.
during the period 2012 to 2014, we completed comprehensive refinements of our reserving methodologies for u.s. mass tort, toxic tort, retained asbestos, environmental and other specific large losses. we also conducted extensive additional studies to corroborate our judgments for our u.s. primary workers compensation and excess workers' compensation classes of business. further, we refined our loss reserving methodologies for our u.s. excess casualty class of business and our u.s. primary casualty class of business written over excess of deductible exposures where loss development patterns may lengthen if client retentions increase over time. collectively, the reserves for the aforementioned classes of business or loss exposures account for the majority of the remaining net loss reserves for accident years 2004 and prior.
134

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies asbestos and environmental reserves loss reserve estimates - asbestos and environmental we consider a number of factors and recent experience, in addition to the results of both external and internal analyses, to estimate asbestos and environmental loss reserves. nonetheless, we believe that significant uncertainty remains as to our ultimate liability for asbestos and environmental claims, which is due to several factors, including:
•    the long latency period between asbestos exposure and disease manifestation, leading to the potential for involvement of multiple policy periods for individual claims;
•    claims filed under the non‐aggregate premises or operations section of general liability policies;
•    the number of insureds seeking bankruptcy protection and the effect of prepackaged bankruptcies;
•    diverging legal interpretations; and
•    the difficulty in estimating the allocation of remediation cost among various parties with respect to environmental claims.
in 2014, both the retained accounts and retroceded account ground-up reviews for asbestos were updated. as a result, we decreased gross undiscounted asbestos loss reserves by $6 million and increased net undiscounted asbestos loss reserves by $64 million. the net undiscounted increase reflects a buyout settlement on a retained account as well as a reduction in estimated ceded loss reserves (prior to the retroactive reinsurance retrocession). for environmental, we increased gross environmental reserves by $140 million and net environmental reserves by $60 million as a result of top‐down actuarial analyses performed during the year as well as development on a number of large accounts.
in 2013, we completed a ground‐up review of all our remaining retained accounts for asbestos. in addition, a subsidiary of the retrocessionaire for our retroactive reinsurance contract completed a ground‐up asbestos study for the largest accounts it assumed. as a result, we increased gross asbestos loss reserves by $169 million and net asbestos loss reserves by $6 million. the net reserve increase also reflects a small amount of estimated uncollectible reinsurance. a significant portion of these loss reserves will be recoverable under our retroactive reinsurance arrangement. for environmental, we increased gross environmental reserves by $98 million and net environmental reserves by $61 million as a result of top‐down actuarial analyses performed during the year as well as development on a number of large accounts.
in 2012, after considering recent experience compared to the results of our most recent ground‐up analysis, as well as all of the above factors related to uncertainty, no adjustment to gross and net asbestos reserves was recognized. additionally in 2012, a moderate amount of incurred loss pertaining to the asbestos loss reserve discount is reflected in the table below and is related to the reserves not subject to our retroactive reinsurance agreement. upon completion of a top‐down analysis performed for environmental in the fourth quarter of 2012, we concluded that the $150 million gross reserve strengthening and $75 million net reserve strengthening recognized in the first half of 2012 was adequate.
in addition to the u.s. asbestos and environmental reserve amounts shown in the tables below, the non - life insurance companies also have asbestos reserves relating to foreign risks written by non‐u.s. entities of $132 million gross and $105 million net as of december 31, 2014. the asbestos reserves relating to non‐u.s. risks written by non‐u.s. entities were $134 million gross and $108 million net as of december 31, 2013.
135

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies the following table provides a summary of reserve activity, including estimates for applicable ibnr, relating to asbestos and environmental claims:
as of or for the years ended december                2014                       2013                       2012
31,

(in millions)                                       gross          net         gross          net         gross          net asbestos:
liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses at beginning of year                               $4,720         $529        $4,896         $427        $5,226         $537
change in net loss reserves due to retroactive reinsurance:
paid losses recoverable under retroactive               -          145             -          113             -          111
reinsurance contracts re-estimation of amounts recoverable under retroactive reinsurance contracts(a)                                -          (4)             -         (91)             -         (21)
change in net loss reserves due to                      -          141             -           22             -           90
retroactive reinsurance dispositions                                            -            -          (12)         (12)          (10)         (10)
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred:
undiscounted                                          (6)           64           169            6             1            -
change in discount                                     39           22            51           18            83           37
losses and loss adjustment expenses                    33           86           220           24            84           37
incurred(b)
losses and loss adjustment expenses paid(b)         (636)        (368)         (444)         (59)         (404)        (227)
other changes                                           -            -            60          127             -            -
liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses at end of year                                     $4,117         $388        $4,720         $529        $4,896         $427
environmental:
liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses at beginning of year                                 $313         $163          $309         $163          $204         $119
dispositions                                            -            -           (1)          (1)           (1)          (1)
losses and loss adjustment expenses                   140           60            98           61           150           75
incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses paid             (85)         (38)          (93)         (60)          (44)         (30)
liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses at end of year                                       $368         $185          $313         $163          $309         $163
combined:
liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses at beginning of year                               $5,033         $692        $5,205         $590        $5,430         $656
change in net loss reserves due to retroactive reinsurance:
paid losses recoverable under retroactive               -          145             -          113             -          111
reinsurance contracts re-estimation of amount recoverable under retroactive reinsurance contracts                                   -          (4)             -         (91)             -         (21)
change in net loss reserves due to                      -          141             -           22             -           90
retroactive reinsurance dispositions                                            -            -          (13)         (13)          (11)         (11)
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred:
undiscounted                                          134          124           267           67           151           75
change in discount                                     39           22            51           18            83           37
losses and loss adjustment expenses                   173          146           318           85           234          112
incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses paid            (721)        (406)         (537)        (119)         (448)        (257)
other changes                                           -            -            60          127             -            -
liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses at end of year                                     $4,485         $573        $5,033         $692        $5,205         $590
(a) re-estimation of amounts recoverable under retroactive reinsurance contracts includes effect of changes in reserve estimates and changes in discount.
(b) these amounts exclude benefit from retroactive reinsurance.
transfer of domestic asbestos liabilities under a retroactive reinsurance arrangement on june 17, 2011, we completed a transaction under which the bulk of aig property casualty's net domestic asbestos liabilities were transferred to national indemnity company (nico), a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway, inc. this was part of our ongoing strategy to reduce our overall loss reserve development risk. this transaction covers potentially volatile u.s.-
136

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies related asbestos exposures. it does not, however, cover asbestos accounts that we believe have already been reserved to their limit of liability or certain other ancillary asbestos exposure assumed by aig property casualty subsidiaries.
upon the closing of this transaction, but effective as of january 1, 2011, we ceded the bulk of aig property casualty's net domestic asbestos liabilities to nico under a retroactive reinsurance agreement with an aggregate limit of $3.5 billion. within this aggregate limit, nico assumed collection risk for existing third-party reinsurance recoverable associated with these liabilities. aig property casualty paid nico approximately $1.67 billion as consideration for this cession and nico assumed approximately $1.82 billion of net u.s. asbestos liabilities. as a result of this transaction, aig property casualty recorded a deferred gain of $150 million in the second quarter of 2011, which is being amortized into income over the settlement period of the underlying claims.
under retroactive reinsurance arrangements any recoveries for development associated with the ceded losses are not recognized immediately; rather this development increases or decreases the deferred gain, and is amortized into income as described above. during 2013, we recognized approximately $86 million of adverse loss development that was ceded under this reinsurance arrangement, which was partially offset by $15 million of deferred gain amortization. this development, net of the deferred gain amortization, is being reported in other income/expense, consistent with the way we manage the business and assess performance and is therefore excluded from net losses incurred and our loss ratios to avoid distortion related to our ongoing insurance business.
the following table presents the estimate of the gross and net ibnr included in the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, relating to asbestos and environmental claims:
december 31,             2014                     2013                     2012

(in millions)         gross        net*         gross       net*         gross       net*
asbestos             $2,363         $79        $3,190        $16        $3,193        $37
environmental           157          87            94         51            75         35
combined             $2,520        $166        $3,284        $67        $3,268        $72
*    net ibnr includes the reduction due to the nico reinsurance transaction of $803 million, $1,284 million and $1,310 million as of december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the following table presents a summary of asbestos and environmental claims count activity:
as of or for the years                     2014                                    2013                                      2012

ended december 31,            asbestos   environmental   combined       asbestos   environmental   combined       asbestos   environmental   combined claims at beginning of year      4,680           1,517      6,197          5,230           1,614      6,844          5,443           3,782      9,225
claims during year:
opened                             130             126        256             83             306        389            226             222        448
settled                          (216)           (163)      (379)          (194)           (154)      (348)          (254)           (179)      (433)
dismissed or otherwise resolved(a)                      (545)           (240)      (785)          (439)           (249)      (688)          (185)         (2,211)    (2,396)
other(b)                             -               -          -              -               -          -              -               -          -
claims at end of year            4,049           1,240      5,289          4,680           1,517      6,197          5,230           1,614      6,844
(a) the number of environmental claims dismissed or otherwise resolved, increased substantially during 2012 as a result of non-life insurance companies determination that certain methyl tertiary‐butyl ether (mtbe) claims presented no further potential for exposure since these underlying claims were resolved through dismissal, settlement, or trial for all of the accounts involved. all of these accounts were fully reserved at the account level and included adequate reserves for those underlying individual claims that contributed to the actual losses. these individual claim closings, therefore, had no impact on non-life insurance companies environmental reserves.
(b) represents an administrative change to the method of determining the number of open claims, which had no effect on carried reserves.
survival ratios - asbestos and environmental the following table presents aig's survival ratios for asbestos and environmental claims at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. the survival ratio is derived by dividing the current carried loss reserve by the average payments for the three most recent calendar years for these claims. therefore, the survival ratio is a simplistic measure estimating the number of years it would take before the current ending loss reserves for these claims would be paid off using recent year average payments.
many factors, such as aggressive settlement procedures, mix of business and level of coverage provided, have a significant effect on the amount of asbestos and environmental reserves and payments and the resulting survival ratio. additionally, we primarily base our determination of these reserves based on ground-up and top-down analyses, and not on survival ratios.
137

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / non-life insurance companies the following table presents survival ratios for asbestos and environmental claims, separately and combined, which were based upon a three-year average payment:
years ended december 31,       2014              2013               2012

gross   net*        gross   net*       gross   net*
survival ratios:
asbestos                     8.3    7.6         10.6   10.5         9.6    8.7
environmental                5.0    4.3          4.6    3.9         4.5    4.4
combined                     7.9    7.1          9.8    9.4         9.0    8.1
*    survival ratios are calculated consistent with the basis on historical reserve excluding the effects of the nico reinsurance transaction.
life insurance companies dac and reserves the following section provides discussion of deferred policy acquisition costs and insurance reserves for life insurance companies.
dac the following table summarizes the major components of the changes in life insurance companies dac, including voba:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                      2014          2013          2012
balance, beginning of year                       $6,920        $5,815        $6,607
acquisition costs deferred                        1,114         1,034           788
amortization expense:
unlocking included in pre-tax operating             183           129            64
income related to realized capital gains and              (23)          (23)         (119)
losses all other operating amortization                  (887)         (780)         (890)
increase (decrease) in dac due to foreign          (32)          (39)          (14)
exchange other change in dac(a)                              343             -             -
change related to unrealized depreciation         (360)           784         (621)
(appreciation) of investments balance, end of year(b)                          $7,258        $6,920        $5,815
(a) other change in dac in 2014 included (i) voba related to the acquisition of ageas protect and (ii) an increase in dac due to a change to include interest income on assets supporting certain non-traditional insurance liabilities in the determination of estimated gross profits used to amortize both dac and urr.  the increase in the dac asset, which principally reflected the impact of the change on periods prior to 2014, was substantially offset by a related increase in the urr liability.
(b) dac balance excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments was $8.7 billion, $8.0 billion and $7.7 billion at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
update of actuarial assumptions pre-tax operating income in 2014, 2013 and 2012 reflected the net effect of adjustments to update actuarial assumptions for the domestic life insurance companies. these adjustments included unlocking of estimated gross profit assumptions for investment-oriented products as well as loss recognition expense to increase reserves for certain traditional blocks of business. see critical accounting estimates - estimated gross profits for investment-oriented products, critical accounting estimates - future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts, unlocking of estimated gross profits below, and loss recognition below, for additional discussion of the process and results related to assumption changes.
138

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / life insurance companies the following table presents the increase (decrease) in pre-tax operating income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions for the domestic life insurance companies, by product line:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                         2014        2013        2012
unlocking of estimated gross profit assumptions:
consumer insurance:
retirement fixed annuities                                       $196        $306         $64
retirement income solutions                              4        (28)           -
group retirement                                        46        (45)          20
total retirement                                       246         233          84
life                                                  (32)        (80)        (43)
commercial insurance:
institutional markets                                    2           -           -
total increase (decrease) in pre-tax operating income from unlocking of estimated gross profit assumptions                               216         153          41
loss recognition*:
consumer insurance - life                             (87)           -        (67)
total increase (decrease) in pre-tax operating        $129        $153       $(26)
income from update of assumptions
*    excludes loss recognition expense that was attributable primarily to investment sales related to capital loss carryforward utilization, which was excluded from pre-tax operating income and reported within changes in benefit reserves and dac, voba and sia related to net realized capital gains (losses).
estimated gross profits for investment-oriented products policy acquisition costs and policy issuance costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing contracts for investment-oriented products are deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of estimated gross profits to be realized over a period that approximates the estimated lives of the contracts. estimated gross profits include net investment income and spreads, net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender charges, expenses, and mortality gains and losses. if the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change significantly, dac and related reserves (which may include voba, sia, guaranteed benefit reserves and urr) are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. updating such assumptions may result in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization in other products.
unlocking of estimated gross profit assumptions the life insurance companies review and update estimated gross profit assumptions used to amortize dac and related items for investment-oriented products at least annually. the increases (decreases) to pre-tax operating income and pre-tax income of these assumption updates by product line and financial statement line item, respectively, are shown in the following tables. these adjustments do not include loss recognition on certain long-term care products; see loss recognition below for additional discussion of the update of assumptions for certain long-term care products.
in 2014, pre-tax operating income of the life insurance companies in aggregate increased by $216 million as a result of the update of estimated gross profit assumptions, the most significant of which was a net positive adjustment in fixed annuities, primarily due to better investment spreads than previously assumed.
a net positive adjustment in the retirement income solutions product line in 2014 was primarily due to improved mortality assumptions. additional adjustments in the retirement income solutions product line, related to assumptions used to value reserves and dac for gmwb features that are accounted for as embedded derivatives and measured at fair value, were recorded in net realized capital gains (losses). adjustments reported in net realized capital gains (losses), and in change in dac related to net realized capital gains (losses), are included in the table of adjustments by reported line item below, and are not reflected in pre-tax operating income.
a net positive adjustment in the group retirement product line in 2014 was primarily due to more favorable assumptions for investment spreads and surrender rates than previously assumed.
139

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / life insurance companies a net negative adjustment in the life product line in 2014 was due to lower investment spread and higher mortality assumptions than previously assumed. the updated mortality assumptions are still within pricing assumptions.
in 2013, pre-tax operating income of the life insurance companies in the aggregate increased by a net positive adjustment of $153 million as a result of update of estimated gross profit assumptions, primarily due to a net positive adjustment in the fixed annuities product line in 2013, as a result of active spread management of crediting rates and higher future investment yields than those previously assumed.
net negative adjustments in the retirement income solutions and group retirement product lines in 2013 resulted primarily from the update of variable annuity spreads and surrender rates. in group retirement, these negative adjustments were partially offset by an increase in the assumption for separate account asset long-term growth rates under our reversion to the mean methodology. a negative adjustment in the life product line resulted from the update of mortality assumptions.
in 2012, pre-tax operating income of the life insurance companies in aggregate increased by a net positive adjustment of $41 million as a result of the update of estimated gross profit assumptions. the net positive adjustment in 2012 was primarily due to improved surrender assumptions for fixed annuities, partially offset by lower yield and spread assumptions for universal life and for certain blocks of fixed annuities.
the following table presents the increase (decrease) in pre-tax income resulting from the unlocking of actuarial assumptions for estimated gross profits of the domestic life insurance companies, by line item as reported in results of operations:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                    2014        2013        2012
policy fees                                       $27         $28         $22
interest credited to policyholder account          90          63          29
balances amortization of deferred policy                   183         129          64
acquisition costs policyholder benefits and losses incurred        (84)        (67)        (74)
increase in pre-tax operating income              216         153          41
change in dac related to net realized            (12)        (21)           -
capital gains (losses)
net realized capital gains (losses)                51          82           -
increase in pre-tax income                       $255        $214         $41
the net adjustments to dac amortization from the unlocking of actuarial assumptions for estimated gross profits, including change in dac related to net realized capital gains (losses), represented two percent and one percent of the dac balance excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the increases in net realized capital gains (losses) in 2014 and 2013, which were partially offset by adjustments to change in dac related to net realized capital gains (losses), reflected updated mortality assumptions for gmwb embedded derivative liabilities in retirement income solutions.
reversion to the mean in the fourth quarter of 2013, we revised the growth rate assumptions for the five-year reversion to the mean period for the group retirement product line in our retirement segment, because annual growth assumptions indicated for that period had fallen below our floor of zero percent due to the favorable performance of equity markets. this adjustment increased retirement pre-tax operating income by $35 million in 2013. for variable annuities in the retirement income solutions product line, the assumed annual growth rate has remained above zero percent for the five-year reversion to the mean period and therefore has not met the criteria for adjustment; however, additional favorable equity market performance in excess of long-term assumptions could result in unlocking in this product line in the future, with a positive effect on pre-tax income in the period of the unlocking. see critical account estimates - estimated gross profits for investment-oriented products (life insurance companies) for additional discussion of assumptions related to our reversion to the mean methodology.
140

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / life insurance companies dac and reserves related to unrealized appreciation of investments dac for universal life and investment-type products (collectively, investment-oriented products) is adjusted at each balance sheet date to reflect the change in dac as if fixed maturity and equity securities available for sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields (shadow dac). the change in shadow dac generally moves in the opposite direction of the change in unrealized appreciation of the available for sale securities portfolio. in addition, significant unrealized appreciation of investments in a prolonged low interest rate environment may cause additional future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded (shadow loss reserves). the increase in the life insurance companies' unrealized appreciation of investments in 2014 of $5.9 billion, which was driven by the decline in market interest rates, resulted in a decrease in shadow dac and an increase in shadow loss reserves in 2014. shadow loss reserves were insignificant at december 31, 2013 and increased to $1.2 billion at december 31, 2014. in 2013, shadow dac increased and shadow loss reserves decreased due to an increase in market interest rates. the change in shadow dac and shadow loss reserves in 2014 was greater than the change in 2013, due to a larger movement in unrealized appreciation of investments.
life insurance companies reserves the following table presents a rollforward of life insurance companies' insurance reserves, including separate accounts and mutual fund assets under management, by operating segment:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                          2014              2013              2012
institutional markets:
balance at beginning of year, gross                 $32,100           $32,242           $31,378
premiums and deposits                                 3,797               991               774
surrenders and withdrawals                            (766)           (2,620)           (1,128)
death and other contract benefits                   (1,530)           (1,371)           (1,384)
subtotal                                              1,501           (3,000)           (1,738)
change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of policy fees                                           1,130             1,156               876
cost of funds                                           410               413               571
other reserve changes                                  (61)             1,289             1,155
balance at end of year                               35,080            32,100            32,242
reserves related to unrealized                        1,054                 -             2,359
appreciation of investments reinsurance ceded                                       (5)               (5)               (9)
total insurance reserves                            $36,129           $32,095           $34,592
retirement:
balance at beginning of year, gross                $195,493          $173,281          $164,127
premiums and deposits                                24,077            23,788            16,159
surrenders and withdrawals                         (20,504)          (16,459)          (14,809)
death and other contract benefits                   (3,690)           (3,353)           (3,506)
subtotal                                              (117)             3,976           (2,156)
change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of policy fees                                           6,390            14,482             7,785
cost of funds                                         2,781             2,837             3,127
other reserve changes                                    80               917               398
balance at end of year                              204,627           195,493           173,281
reserves related to unrealized                          100                 -               456
appreciation of investments reinsurance ceded                                     (353)             (366)             (377)
total insurance reserves and mutual fund           $204,374          $195,127          $173,360
assets under management life:

balance at beginning of year, gross                 $32,810           $32,176           $31,354
premiums and deposits                                 4,806             4,862             4,864
surrenders and withdrawals                            (853)             (896)           (1,001)
death and                                             (812)             (772)             (878)
other contract benefits subtotal                                              3,141             3,194             2,985
change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of policy fees                                           (691)             (673)             (473)
cost of funds                                           507               541               510
other reserve changes                               (2,231)           (2,428)           (2,200)
balance at end of year                               33,536            32,810            32,176
reserves related to unrealized                            -                 -                 -
appreciation of investments reinsurance ceded                                   (1,315)           (1,354)           (1,375)
total insurance reserves                            $32,221           $31,456           $30,801
total life insurance companies:
balance at beginning of year, gross                $260,403          $237,699          $226,859
premiums and deposits                                32,680            29,641            21,797
surrenders and withdrawals                         (22,123)          (19,975)          (16,938)
death and other contract benefits                   (6,032)           (5,496)           (5,768)
subtotal                                              4,525             4,170             (909)
change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of policy fees                                           6,829            14,965             8,188
cost of funds                                         3,698             3,791             4,208
other reserve changes                               (2,212)             (222)             (647)
balance at end of year                              273,243           260,403           237,699
reserves related to unrealized                        1,154                 -             2,815
appreciation of investments reinsurance ceded                                   (1,673)           (1,725)           (1,761)
total insurance reserves and mutual fund           $272,724          $258,678          $238,753
assets under management
141

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / life insurance companies life insurance companies insurance reserves including separate accounts and mutual fund assets under management were comprised of the following balances:
at december 31,

(in millions)                                        2014             2013
future policy benefits*                           $40,931          $38,849
policyholder contract deposits                    124,716          122,038
separate account liabilities                       80,025           71,048
total insurance reserves                          245,672          231,935
mutual funds assets under management               27,052           26,743
total insurance reserves and mutual fund         $272,724         $258,678
assets under management
* excludes certain intercompany assumed reinsurance.
loss recognition other reserve changes in the table above include loss recognition expense. reserves related to unrealized appreciation of investments include shadow loss reserves. loss recognition expense attributable primarily to investment sales related to capital loss carryforward utilization was excluded from pre-tax operating income and reported within changes in benefit reserves and dac, voba and sia related to net realized capital gains (losses) in results of operations - consumer insurance. see critical accounting estimates - future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts for additional discussion of loss recognition.
the life operating segment recorded loss recognition expense of $87 million in 2014 and $67 million in 2012, which reduced pre-tax operating income in the respective periods, to increase reserves for certain long-term care business. the 2014 loss recognition was primarily a result of lower future premium increase assumptions and, to a lesser extent, lower yield assumptions. the 2012 loss recognition reflected updated assumptions for morbidity and lower premium increases. assumptions related to investment yields, mortality experience and expenses are reviewed periodically and updated as appropriate, which could also result in additional loss recognition reserves. while the domestic life insurance companies do not currently offer standalone long-term care products, these needs are addressed with various benefits and riders in the existing portfolio, such as chronic illness riders.
142

table of contents item 7 / insurance reserves / life insurance companies sales of investment securities in connection with the program to utilize capital loss carryforwards and other investment sales with subsequent reinvestment at lower yields triggered loss recognition expense, primarily on certain long-term payout annuity contracts in the institutional markets and retirement segments, of $30 million in 2014, $1.5 billion in 2013 and $1.2 billion in 2012, which was not reflected in pre-tax operating income.
shadow loss reserves of the life insurance companies were not significant at december 31, 2013 and increased to $1.2 billion at december 31, 2014 primarily due to the increase in unrealized appreciation of investments during the year.
liquidity and capital resources

overview liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet our payment obligations.  it is defined as cash and unencumbered assets that can be monetized in a short period of time at a reasonable cost.  we manage our liquidity prudently through various risk committees, policies and procedures, and a stress testing and liquidity framework established by enterprise risk management (erm). our liquidity framework is designed to measure both the amount and composition of our liquidity to meet financial obligations in both normal and stressed markets. see enterprise risk management - risk appetite, identification, and measurement and enterprise risk management - liquidity risk management below for additional information.
capital refers to the long-term financial resources available to support the operation of our businesses, fund business growth, and cover financial and operational needs that arise from adverse circumstances. our primary source of ongoing capital generation is the profitability of our insurance subsidiaries. we must comply with numerous constraints on our minimum capital positions. these constraints drive the requirements for capital adequacy for both aig and the individual businesses and are based on internally-defined risk tolerances, regulatory requirements, rating agency and creditor expectations and business needs. actual capital levels are monitored on a regular basis, and using erm's stress testing methodology, we evaluate the capital impact of potential macroeconomic, financial and insurance stresses in relation to the relevant capital constraints of both aig and our insurance subsidiaries.
we believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to satisfy future requirements and meet our obligations to policyholders, customers, creditors and debt-holders, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events.
nevertheless, some circumstances may cause our cash or capital needs to exceed projected liquidity or readily deployable capital resources. additional collateral calls, deterioration in investment portfolios or reserve strengthening affecting statutory surplus, higher surrenders of annuities and other policies, downgrades in credit ratings, or catastrophic losses may result in significant additional cash or capital needs and loss of sources of liquidity and capital. in addition, regulatory and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries.
depending on market conditions, regulatory and rating agency considerations and other factors, we may take various liability and capital management actions. liability management actions may include, but are not limited, to repurchasing or redeeming outstanding debt, issuing new debt or engaging in debt exchange offers. capital management actions may include, but are not limited to, paying dividends to our shareholders and share repurchases.
143

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital resources activity for 2014

sources
• aig parent funding from subsidiaries(a)
during 2014, aig parent received
$2.6 billion in dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our non-life insurance companies and $6.8 billion in dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our life insurance companies, which included approximately $829 million of legal settlement proceeds.
aig parent also received a net amount of $1.0 billion in tax sharing payments from our insurance businesses in 2014, reflecting $57 million in net reimbursements to our insurance businesses during the fourth quarter of 2014. the tax sharing payments may be subject to further adjustment in future periods.
·
debt issuances(b)
on july
16, 2014, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.300% notes due 2019 and $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.500% notes due
2044.
on october 15, 2014, we issued an additional $750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.500% notes due 2044.
·
legal settlement in july
2014, we received $650 million in cash in connection with the global resolution of our residential mortgage-related disputes with bank of america.
·
ilfc sale on may 14, 2014, we received net cash proceeds of approximately $2.4 billion from the sale of ilfc after taking into account the settlement of intercompany loans. this cash amount is in addition to the 97.6 million newly issued aercap common shares we received as consideration from the sale.
uses
• debt reduction during 2014, we reduced dib debt by approximately $7.5 billion, in each case, using cash allocated to the dib, through the following:
•
on january 17, 2014, a redemption of $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of its 4.250% notes due 2014;
•
in january 2014, repurchases of $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of its 8.250% notes due 2018;
•
on may 5, 2014, a redemption of $750 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.000% notes due 2015;
• on july 31,
2014, a redemption of $790 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.875%
notes due 2016;
• on july 31,
2014, a redemption of $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of its 3.800%
notes due 2017;
• on october 27,
2014, a redemption of approximately $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of its 8.250% notes due 2018;
• in october and november 2014, total repurchases of approximately $410 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.450% medium-term notes, series mp, matched investment program due 2017; and
• on december
24, 2014, a repurchase of approximately $73 million aggregate principal amount of its 7.000% notes due 2015.
on july 14, 2014, we purchased, in cash tender offers, (i) certain junior subordinated debentures issued or guaranteed by aig for an aggregate purchase price of $1.8 billion and (ii)
certain senior notes and debentures issued or guaranteed by aig for an aggregate purchase price of $700 million. in october and december 2014, we repurchased approximately $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of 8.175%
series a-6 junior subordinated debentures.
we also made other repurchases and repayments of approximately $5.1 billion during 2014. aig parent made interest payments on our debt instruments totaling $1.6 billion during 2014.
•
dividend we paid a cash dividend of $0.125
per share on aig common stock during each quarter of 2014.
• repurchase of common stock we repurchased approximately 88
million shares of aig common stock during 2014, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $4.9 billion. the total number of shares of aig common stock repurchased in 2014, and the aggregate purchase price of those shares, reflect our payment of approximately $3.1 billion in the aggregate under five asr agreements and the receipt of approximately 53 million shares of aig common stock in the aggregate, including the initial receipt of 70
percent of the total notional share equivalent, or approximately 9.2 million shares of aig common stock, under an asr agreement executed in december 2014.
• legal settlement on october 22, 2014, we made a cash payment of $960 million, which is being held in escrow pending final approval of the settlement of the consolidated 2008 securities class action.
see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
144

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources
(a) in january 2015, we received $2.2 billion in additional dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our life insurance companies and, in february 2015, we received $600 million in additional cash dividends from our non-life insurance companies.  these dividends had been declared during the three-month period ended december 31, 2014.
(b) on january 15, 2015, we issued $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.875% notes due 2035 and $800 million aggregate principal amount of 4.375% notes due 2055.
analysis of sources and uses of cash the following table presents selected data from aig's consolidated statements of cash flows:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                  2014*       2013            2012
sources:
net cash provided by operating activities      5,007      5,865           3,676
net cash provided by changes in                    -      1,244             414
restricted cash net cash provided by other investing          15,731      5,855          16,198
activities changes in policyholder contract balances      1,719          -               -
issuance of long-term debt                     6,687      5,235           8,612
net cash provided by other financing               -          -           4,251
activities total sources                                 29,144     18,199          33,151
uses:
change in restricted cash                    (1,447)          -               -
change in policyholder contract balances           -      (547)           (690)
repayments of long-term debt                (16,160)   (14,197)        (11,101)
repayment of department of treasury spv            -          -         (8,636)
preferred interests purchases of aig common stock                (4,902)      (597)        (13,000)
net cash used in other financing             (7,132)    (1,652)               -
activities total uses                                  (29,641)   (16,993)        (33,427)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash         (74)       (92)              16
increase (decrease) in cash                    (571)      1,114           (260)
*    for 2014, cash decreased by $162 million due to reclassification of $289 million to restricted cash presented in other assets, partially offset by $127 million reclassification from short-term investments, to correct prior period presentation.
145

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources the following table presents a summary of aig's consolidated statement of cash flows:
years ended december 31,

(in millions)                                     2014             2013             2012
summary:
net cash provided by operating                  $5,007           $5,865           $3,676
activities net cash provided by investing                  14,284            7,099           16,612
activities net cash used in financing activities         (19,788)         (11,758)         (20,564)
effect of exchange rate changes on                (74)             (92)               16
cash increase (decrease) in cash                      (571)            1,114            (260)
cash at beginning of year                        2,241            1,151            1,474
change in cash of businesses held for               88             (24)             (63)
sale cash at end of year                             $1,758           $2,241           $1,151
operating cash flow activities interest payments totaled $3.4 billion in 2014, compared to $3.9 billion in 2013 and $4.0 billion in 2012.  excluding interest payments, aig generated positive operating cash flow of $8.3 billion, $9.7 billion and $7.7 billion in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
insurance companies generally receive most premiums in advance of the payment of claims or policy benefits.  the ability of insurance companies to generate positive cash flow is affected by the frequency and severity of losses under their insurance policies, policy retention rates and operating expenses.
cash provided by operating activities of our non-life insurance companies was $0.9 billion in 2014 compared to $0.4 billion in 2013 and $1.1 billion in 2012, primarily reflecting the timing of the payments related to catastrophe losses in each year.
cash provided by operating activities of our life insurance companies was $4.4 billion in 2014, $4.3 billion in 2013 and $2.9 billion in 2012. the increase in 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to higher pre-tax operating income and higher proceeds from legal settlements with financial institutions that participated in the creation, offering and sale of rmbs from which our life insurance companies realized losses during the financial crisis.
cash provided by operating activities of businesses held for sale was $2.9 billion for each of 2013 and 2012.
investing cash flow activities net cash provided by investing activities in 2014 reflected:
•    a reduction in net investment purchase activity; and
•    approximately $2.4 billion of net cash proceeds from the sale of ilfc.
net cash provided by investing activities for 2013 included an increase in net investment purchase activity.
net cash provided by investing activities for 2012 includes:
•    payments received relating to the sale of the underlying assets held by ml ii of approximately $1.6 billion;
•    payments of approximately $8.5 billion received in connection with the dispositions of ml iii assets by the frbny; and
•    gross proceeds of approximately $14.5 billion from the sale of  aia ordinary shares.
146

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources financing cash flow activities net cash used in financing activities for 2014 includes:
•    approximately $712 million in the aggregate to pay dividends of $0.125 per share on aig common stock in each of the four quarters of 2014;
•    approximately $4.9  billion to repurchase approximately 88 million shares of aig common stock;
•    approximately $271 million to repay long-term debt of business held-for-sale; and
•    approximately $16.2 billion to repay long-term debt.
net cash used in financing activities for 2013 includes:
•    approximately $294 million in the aggregate to pay dividends of $0.10 per share on aig common stock in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2013;
•    approximately $597 million to repurchase approximately 12 million shares of aig common stock;
•    approximately $9.3 billion to repay long term debt; and
•    approximately $4.9 billion in repayments of long term debt of business held-for-sale.
net cash used in financing activities for 2012 includes:
•    $8.6 billion to pay down the department of the treasury's preferred interests (aia spv preferred interests) in the special purpose vehicle holding the aia ordinary shares; and
•    total payments of approximately $13.0 billion for the purchase of  shares of aig common stock.
liquidity and capital resources of aig parent and subsidiaries aig parent as of december 31, 2014, aig parent had approximately $14.3 billion in liquidity sources. aig parent's liquidity sources are held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, intermediate-term investment grade rated fixed maturity securities. fixed maturity securities consist of u.s. government and government sponsored entity securities, u.s. agency mortgage-backed securities, and corporate and municipal bonds. aig parent actively manages its assets and liabilities in terms of products, counterparties and duration. based upon an assessment of its immediate and longer-term funding needs, aig parent purchases publicly traded, intermediate-term investment grade rated fixed maturity securities that can be readily monetized through sales or repurchase agreements. these securities allow us to diversify sources of liquidity while reducing the cost of maintaining sufficient liquidity. aig parent liquidity sources are monitored through the use of various internal liquidity risk measures. aig parent's primary sources of liquidity are dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from subsidiaries, as well as credit and contingent liquidity facilities.  aig parent's primary uses of liquidity are for debt service, capital and liability management, operating expenses and subsidiary capital needs.
we generally manage capital flows between aig parent and its subsidiaries through internal, board‐approved policies and guidelines. in addition, aig parent has unconditional capital maintenance agreements (cmas) in place with certain subsidiaries. nevertheless, regulatory and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer capital freely, either to or from our subsidiaries.
we believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to satisfy our reasonably foreseeable future requirements and meet our obligations to our creditors, debt-holders and insurance company subsidiaries. we expect to access the debt markets from time to time to meet funding requirements as needed.
147

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources we utilize our capital resources to support our businesses, with the majority of capital allocated to our core insurance operations. should we have or generate more capital than is needed to support our business strategies (including organic growth or acquisition opportunities) or mitigate risks inherent to our business, we may develop plans to distribute such capital to shareholders via dividends or share repurchase authorizations or deploy such capital towards liability management.
in the normal course, it is expected that a portion of the capital released by our core insurance operations or through the utilization of aig's deferred tax assets may be available for distribution to shareholders. additionally, it is expected that capital associated with businesses or investments that do not directly support our core insurance operations may be available for distribution to shareholders or deployment towards liability management upon its monetization.
in developing plans to distribute capital, aig considers a number of factors, including, but not limited to: the capital resources available to support our core insurance operations and business strategies, aig's funding capacity and capital resources in comparison to internal benchmarks, expectations for capital generation, rating agency expectations for capital, as well as regulatory standards for capital and capital distributions.
the following table presents aig parent's liquidity sources:
as of                as of

(in millions)                                 december 31, 2014        december
31, 2013
cash and short-term investments(a)(b)                    $5,085         $10,154
unencumbered fixed maturity securities(c)                 4,727           2,968
total aig parent liquidity                                9,812          13,122
available capacity under syndicated                       4,000           3,947
credit facility(d)
available capacity under contingent                         500             500
liquidity facility(e)
total aig parent liquidity sources                      $14,312         $17,569
(a) cash and short-term investments include reverse repurchase agreements totaling $1.6 billion and $6.9 billion as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(b) $2.9 billion and $5.9 billion of cash and short-term investments as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, are allocated toward future maturities of liabilities and contingent liquidity stress needs of dib and gcm.
(c)  unencumbered securities consist of publicly traded, intermediate-term investment grade rated fixed maturity securities. fixed maturity securities consist of u.s. government and government sponsored entity securities, u.s. agency mortgage-backed securities, and corporate and municipal bonds.
(d) for additional information relating to this syndicated credit facility, see credit facilities below.
(e) for additional information relating to the contingent liquidity facility, see contingent liquidity facilities below.
non-life insurance companies we expect that our non-life insurance companies will be able to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity requirements and meet their obligations, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events, through cash from operations and, to the extent necessary, monetization of invested assets. our non-life insurance companies' liquidity resources are held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity securities.
certain non-life insurance companies are members of the federal home loan banks (fhlbs) in their respective districts. borrowings from the fhlbs may be used to supplement liquidity. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, none of our non-life insurance companies had fhlb borrowings outstanding.
our non-life insurance companies may require additional funding to meet capital or liquidity needs under certain circumstances.  large catastrophes may require us to provide additional support to our affected operations. downgrades in our credit ratings could put pressure on the insurer financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, which could result in non‐renewals or cancellations by policyholders and adversely affect the subsidiary's ability to meet its own obligations. increases in market interest rates may adversely affect the financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, as rating agency capital models may reduce the amount of available capital relative to required capital. other potential events that could cause a liquidity strain include an economic collapse of a nation or region significant to our operations, nationalization, catastrophic terrorist acts, pandemics or other events causing economic or political upheaval.
148

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources aig parent and ascot corporate name limited (acnl), a non-life insurance company, are parties to a $625 million letter of credit facility. acnl, as a member of the lloyd's of london insurance syndicate (lloyd's), is required to hold capital at lloyd's, known as funds at lloyds (fal). the entire fal capital requirement of $625 million as of december 31, 2014, which supports the 2014 and 2015 years of account, was satisfied with a letter of credit issued under the facility.
aig generally manages capital between aig parent and our non-life insurance companies through internal, board-approved policies and guidelines.  in addition, aig parent is party to a cma with a mortgage guaranty insurance company. among other things, the cma provides that aig parent will maintain capital and surplus of this mortgage guaranty insurance company at or above a specified minimum required capital based on a specified risk-to-capital ratio. in addition, the cma provides that if capital and surplus of this mortgage guaranty insurance company is in excess of that same specified minimum required capital, subject to its board approval and compliance with applicable insurance laws, this mortgage guaranty insurance company would declare and pay ordinary dividends to its equity holders up to an amount necessary to reduce projected or actual capital and surplus to a level equal to or not materially greater than such specified minimum required capital. as structured, the cma contemplates that the specified minimum required capital would be reviewed and agreed upon at least annually. as of december 31, 2014, the minimum required capital for the cma with the mortgage guaranty insurance company is based on a risk-to-capital ratio of 19 to 1.
aig parent was also party to a consolidated cma with aig property casualty inc. and certain domestic non-life insurance companies. among other things, the cma provided that aig parent would maintain the total adjusted capital of these non-life insurance companies, measured as a group (the fleet), at or above the specified minimum percentage of the fleet's projected total authorized control level rbc. as a result of managing capital through internal, board-approved policies and guidelines, aig parent agreed with aig property casualty inc. and these domestic non-life insurance companies to terminate this cma effective february 19, 2015. as of december 31, 2014, the specified minimum percentage in the cma with aig property casualty inc. and these domestic non-life insurance companies was 300 percent.
in 2014, our non-life insurance companies paid approximately $2.6 billion in dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities to aig parent. the fixed maturity securities included investment-grade government, corporate and sovereign bonds, as well as agency rmbs. in 2014, our non-life insurance companies also paid other non-cash dividends of $178 million to aig parent.  in addition, our non-life insurance companies paid approximately $600 million of cash dividends to aig parent in february 2015, which represented the remainder of dividends that were declared by our non-life insurance companies in the fourth quarter of 2014.  aig parent was not required to make any capital contributions pursuant to the cmas.
life insurance companies we expect that our life insurance companies will be able to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity requirements and meet their obligations, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events, through cash from operations and, to the extent necessary, monetization of invested assets. our life insurance companies liquidity resources are held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity securities.
certain of our domestic life insurance companies are members of the fhlbs in their respective districts. borrowings from the fhlbs are used to supplement liquidity or for other uses deemed appropriate by management. our domestic life insurance companies had outstanding borrowings from the fhlbs in an aggregate amount of $44 million and $50 million as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the need to fund product surrenders, withdrawals and maturities creates a potential liquidity requirement for our life insurance companies. management believes that because of the size and liquidity of our life insurance companies' investment portfolios, normal deviations from projected claim or surrender experience would not create significant liquidity risk. furthermore, our life insurance companies' products contain certain features that mitigate surrender risk, including surrender charges. as part of their risk management framework, our life insurance companies continue to evaluate and, where appropriate, pursue strategies and programs to improve their liquidity position and facilitate their ability to maintain a fully invested asset portfolio. our life insurance companies also have developed a contingent liquidity plan to address unforeseen liquidity needs.
149

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources certain of our domestic life insurance companies have programs, which began in 2012, that lend securities from their investment portfolio to supplement liquidity or for other uses as deemed appropriate by management. under these programs, these domestic life insurance companies lend securities to financial institutions and receive cash as collateral equal to 102 percent of the fair value of the loaned securities. cash collateral received is invested in short-term investments. additionally, the aggregate amount of securities that a life insurance company is able to lend under its program at any time is limited to five percent of its general account statutory-basis admitted assets. there were no outstanding securities lent under these programs by our domestic life insurance companies as of december 31, 2014. the liability of our life insurance companies to borrowers for collateral received was zero as of december 31, 2014 and $4.0 billion as of december 31, 2013.
aig generally manages capital between aig parent and our life insurance companies through internal, board-approved policies and guidelines.  in addition, aig parent is party to a cma with agc life insurance company. among other things, the cma  provides that aig parent will maintain the total adjusted capital of agc life insurance company at or above a specified minimum percentage of its projected naic company action level risk-based capital (rbc), which as of december 31, 2014, was 250 percent.  as a result of managing capital through internal, board-approved policies and guidelines, aig parent agreed with certain other domestic life insurance companies to terminate their cmas effective october 31, 2014.
dividends and loan repayments from our domestic life insurance companies to aig parent in 2014 totaled $7.4 billion, which was comprised of $6.8 billion of cash and fixed maturity securities and $642 million of preferred equity interests in two aircraft trust entities, and included approximately $829 million of legal settlement proceeds. the fixed maturity securities included investment-grade government, corporate and sovereign bonds, as well as agency rmbs.  in addition, our domestic life insurance companies paid $2.2 billion in dividends and loan repayments, in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities, to aig parent in january 2015, which represented the remainder of dividends that were declared by our domestic operating life insurance companies in the fourth quarter of 2014.
other operations direct investment book the dib portfolio is being wound down and is managed with the objective of ensuring that at all times it maintains the liquidity we believe is necessary to meet all of its liabilities as they come due, even under stress scenarios, and to maximize returns consistent with our risk management objectives. we are focused on meeting the dib's liquidity needs, including the need for contingent liquidity arising from collateral posting for debt positions of the dib, without relying on resources beyond the dib. as part of this program management, we may from time to time access the capital markets, including issuing and repurchasing debt, and selling assets on an opportunistic basis, in each case subject to market conditions. if the dib's risk target is breached, we expect to take appropriate actions to increase the dib's liquidity sources or reduce liquidity requirements to maintain the risk target, although no assurance can be given that this can be achieved under then‐prevailing market conditions. any additional liquidity shortfalls would need to be funded by aig parent.
from time to time, we may utilize cash allocated to the dib that is not required to meet the risk target for the dib for general corporate purposes unrelated to the dib.
the dib's assets consist primarily of cash, short-term investments, fixed maturity securities issued by corporations, u.s. government and government sponsored entities and mortgage and asset backed securities. the value of these assets is impacted by macro‐economic trends in u.s. and core european markets, including corporate credit spreads, commercial and residential real estate markets, and to a lesser extent, interest rates and foreign exchange rates, among other factors. the majority of these assets are carried at fair value. the dib's liabilities consist primarily of notes and other borrowings supported by assets as well as other short-term financing obligations. the dib has both liabilities held at cost and liabilities held at fair value. the liabilities held at fair value vary in price based on changes in aig's credit spreads. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, the dib had total assets of $15.1 billion and $23.3 billion, respectively, and total liabilities of $9.7 billion and $20.0 billion, respectively.
the overall hedging activity for the assets and liabilities of the dib is executed by gcm. the value of hedges related to the non-derivative assets and liabilities of aigfp in the dib is included within the assets, liabilities and operating results of gcm and is not included within the dib's assets, liabilities or operating results.
150

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources collateral posted by operations included in the dib to third parties was $3.5 billion at december 31, 2014 and $4.2 billion at december 31, 2013. this collateral primarily consists of securities of the u.s. government and government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties.
global capital markets derivative transactions between aig and its subsidiaries and third parties are generally centralized through gcm, specifically through aig markets. gcm is required to clear certain derivatives transactions through central regulated clearing organizations pursuant to the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank). to the extent a derivatives transaction is subject to a clearing obligation, gcm is required to post collateral in amounts determined by the relevant clearing organization and gcm's clearing agreements with its futures commission merchants.  to the extent a derivatives transaction is not subject to a clearing obligation, these derivative transactions are governed by bilateral master agreements, the form of which is published by the international swaps and derivatives association, inc. (isda). many of these agreements, primarily between gcm and third party financial institutions, require collateral postings. many of gcm's transactions with aig and its subsidiaries also include collateral posting requirements, the purpose of which are to provide collateral to gcm, which in turn is used to satisfy posting requirements with third parties, including the margin requirements of clearing organizations and futures commission merchants.
in addition, most of gcm's cdss within aigfp are subject to collateral posting provisions. the collateral posting provisions contained in the isda master agreements and related transaction documents with respect to cdss differ among counterparties and asset classes. the amount of future collateral posting requirements for super senior cdss is a function of our credit ratings, the rating of the relevant reference obligations and the market value of the relevant reference obligations, with market value being the most significant factor. we estimate the amount of potential future collateral postings associated with the super senior cdss using various methodologies. the contingent liquidity requirements associated with such potential future collateral postings are incorporated into our liquidity planning assumptions.
as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, gcm had total assets of $4.5 billion and $7.7 billion, respectively, and total liabilities of $3.1 billion as of both dates. gcm's assets consist primarily of cash, short-term investments, other receivables, net of allowance, and unrealized gains on swaps, options and forwards. gcm's liabilities consist primarily of unrealized losses on swaps, options and forwards. collateral posted by gcm to third parties was $3.0 billion at both december 31, 2014 and 2013.  gcm obtained collateral from third parties totaling $1.1 billion and $572 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the collateral amounts reflect counterparty netting adjustments available under isda master agreements and are inclusive of collateral that exceeded the fair value of derivatives as of the reporting date.
credit facilities we maintain a committed, revolving syndicated credit facility (the five-year facility) as a potential source of liquidity for general corporate purposes. the five-year facility provides for aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide unsecured revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to $4.0 billion without any limits on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in june 2019.
as of december 31, 2014, a total of $4.0 billion remains available under the five-year facility. our ability to borrow under the five-year facility is not contingent on our credit ratings. however, our ability to borrow under the five-year facility is conditioned on the satisfaction of certain legal, operating, administrative and financial covenants and other requirements contained in the five-year facility. these include covenants relating to our maintenance of a specified total consolidated net worth and total consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization. failure to satisfy these and other requirements contained in the five-year facility would restrict our access to the five-year facility and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. we expect to borrow under the five-year facility from time to time, and may use the proceeds for general corporate purposes.
151

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources contingent liquidity facilities aig parent has access to a contingent liquidity facility of up to $500 million as a potential source of liquidity for general corporate purposes. under this facility, we have the unconditional right, prior to december 15, 2015, to issue up to $500 million in senior debt to the counterparty, based on a put option agreement between aig parent and the counterparty.
our ability to borrow under this facility is not contingent on our credit ratings.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes contractual obligations in total, and by remaining maturity:
december                                                      payments due by period
31, 2014

total                        2016 -         2018 -
(in                                          payments           2015           2017           2019          thereafter millions)
insurance operations loss                                          $80,424        $21,612        $24,154        $12,248             $22,410
reserves insurance                                     226,219         13,870         27,617         24,705             160,027
and investment contract liabilities borrowings                                        820              -              -              -                 820
interest                                        1,430             64            128            128               1,110
payments on borrowings operating                                       1,169            308            404            217                 240
leases other                                              23              6             10              4                   3
long-term obligations total                                        $310,085        $35,860        $52,313        $37,302            $184,610
other borrowings                                    $26,656         $1,980         $5,149         $4,722             $14,805
interest                                       16,363          1,288          2,359          1,755              10,961
payments on borrowings operating                                         135             41             52             17                  25
leases other                                             234              -             95             14                 125
long-term obligations total                                         $43,388         $3,309         $7,655         $6,508             $25,916
consolidated loss                                          $80,424        $21,612        $24,154        $12,248             $22,410
reserves insurance                                     226,219         13,870         27,617         24,705             160,027
and investment contract liabilities borrowings                                     27,476          1,980          5,149          4,722              15,625
interest                                       17,793          1,352          2,487          1,883              12,071
payments on borrowings operating                                       1,304            349            456            234                 265
leases other                                             257              6            105             18                 128
long-term obligations(a)
total(b)                                     $353,473        $39,169        $59,968        $43,810            $210,526
(a) primarily includes contracts to purchase future services and other capital expenditures.
(b) does not reflect unrecognized tax benefits of $4.4 billion, the timing of which is uncertain.
loss reserves loss reserves relate to our non-life insurance companies and represent future losses and loss adjustment expense payments estimated based on historical loss development payment patterns. due to the significance of the assumptions used, the payments by period presented above could be materially different from actual required payments. we believe that our non-life insurance companies maintain adequate financial resources to meet the actual required payments under these obligations.
insurance and investment contract liabilities insurance and investment contract liabilities, including gic liabilities, relate to our life insurance companies. these liabilities include various investment-type products with contractually scheduled maturities, including periodic payments of a term certain
152

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources nature. these liabilities also include benefit and claim liabilities, of which a significant portion represents policies and contracts that do not have stated contractual maturity dates and may not result in any future payment obligations. for these policies and contracts (i) we are not currently making payments until the occurrence of an insurable event, such as death or disability, (ii) payments are conditional on survivorship or (iii) payment may occur due to a surrender or other non-scheduled event beyond our control.
we have made significant assumptions to determine the estimated undiscounted cash flows of these contractual policy benefits. these assumptions include mortality, morbidity, future lapse rates, expenses, investment returns and interest crediting rates, offset by expected future deposits and premiums on in-force policies. due to the significance of the assumptions, the periodic amounts presented could be materially different from actual required payments. the amounts presented in this table are undiscounted and exceed the future policy benefits and policyholder contract deposits included in the consolidated balance sheets.
we believe that our life insurance companies have adequate financial resources to meet the payments actually required under these obligations. these subsidiaries have substantial liquidity in the form of cash and short-term investments. in addition, our life insurance companies maintain significant levels of investment grade rated fixed maturity securities, including substantial holdings in government and corporate bonds, and could seek to monetize those holdings in the event operating cash flows are insufficient. we expect liquidity needs related to gic liabilities to be funded through cash flows generated from maturities and sales of invested assets.
borrowings our borrowings exclude those incurred by consolidated investments and include hybrid financial instrument liabilities recorded at fair value. we expect to repay the long-term debt maturities and interest accrued on borrowings by aig through maturing investments and dispositions of invested assets, future cash flows from operations, cash flows generated from invested assets, future debt issuance and other financing arrangements.
off-balance sheet arrangements and commercial commitments the following table summarizes off-balance sheet arrangements and commercial commitments in total, and by remaining maturity:
december                                            amount of commitment expiring
31, 2014

total amounts                       2016 -         2018 -
(in                           committed          2015           2017           2019         thereafter millions)
insurance operations guarantees:
standby                            $852           $19           $783            $42                 $8
letters of credit guarantees                          180             -             23         -                     157
of indebtedness all other                             8             -              1         -                       7
guarantees(a)
commitments:
investment                        2,238         1,730            452             56         -
commitments(b)
commitments                       1,695           869            174            468                184
to extend credit letters of                            6             6              -         -              -
credit total(c)                         $4,979        $2,624         $1,433           $566               $356
other guarantees:
liquidity                           $77            $-             $-             $-                $77
facilities(d)
standby                             215           213              2         -              -
letters of credit all other                            35            10             25         -              -
guarantees
153

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources commitments:

investment                          252            65          55            27       105
commitments(b)
commitments                       1,002             2           -         1,000         -
to extend credit(f)
letters of                           25            25           -             -         -
credit other                                10             -           5             4         1
commercial commitments(e)
total(c)                         $1,616          $315         $87        $1,031      $183
consolidated guarantees:
liquidity                           $77            $-          $-            $-       $77
facilities(d)
standby                           1,067           232         785            42         8
letters of credit guarantees                          180             -          23             -       157
of indebtedness all other                            43            10          26             -         7
guarantees(a)
commitments:
investment                        2,490         1,795         507            83       105
commitments(b)
commitments                       2,697           871         174         1,468       184
to extend credit(f)
letters of                           31            31           -             -         -
credit other                                10             -           5             4         1
commercial commitments(e)
total(c)                         $6,595        $2,939      $1,520        $1,597      $539
(a) includes construction guarantees connected to affordable housing investments by our life insurance companies. excludes potential amounts for indemnification obligations included in asset sales agreements.  see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on indemnification obligations.
(b) includes commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and mutual funds and commitments to purchase and develop real estate in the united states and abroad. the commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds are called at the discretion of each fund, as needed for funding new investments or expenses of the fund. the expiration of these commitments is estimated in the table above based on the expected life cycle of the related fund, consistent with past trends of requirements for funding. investors under these commitments are primarily insurance and real estate subsidiaries.
(c)  does not include guarantees, cmas or other support arrangements among aig consolidated entities.
(d) primarily represents liquidity facilities provided in connection with certain municipal swap transactions and collateralized bond obligations.
(e) excludes commitments with respect to pension plans. the annual pension contribution for 2015 is expected to be approximately $173 million for u.s. and non-u.s. plans.
(f) includes a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility between aercap ireland capital limited, as borrower, and aig parent, as lender (the aercap credit facility). the aercap credit facility provides for an aggregate commitment of $1.0 billion and permits loans for general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2014, no amounts were outstanding under the aercap credit facility.
arrangements with variable interest entities we enter into various arrangements with variable interest entities (vies) in the normal course of business, and we consolidate a vie when we are the primary beneficiary of the entity.  for a further discussion of our involvement with vies, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
indemnification agreements we are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity arrangements in connection with our sales of businesses. these arrangements may be triggered by declines in asset values, specified business contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities, litigation developments, or breaches of representations, warranties or covenants provided by us. these arrangements are typically subject to time limitations, defined by contract or by operation of law, such as by prevailing statutes of limitation. depending on the specific terms of the arrangements, the maximum potential obligation may or may not be subject to contractual limitations. for additional information regarding our indemnification agreements, see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
we have recorded liabilities for certain of these arrangements where it is possible to estimate them. these liabilities are not material in the aggregate. we are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential payout under some of these arrangements. overall, we believe that it is unlikely we will have to make any material payments under these arrangements.
154

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources debt the following table provides the rollforward of aig's total debt outstanding:
balance                              maturities          effect                                       balance at at                                                      of

year ended december 31, 2014                       december                                    and         foreign            other                    december 31,
31,
(in millions)                                          2013         issuances           repayments         exchange         changes                            2014
debt issued or guaranteed by aig:
aig general borrowings:
notes and bonds payable                             $14,062            $3,247             $(1,508)           $(236)              $5                         $15,570
subordinated debt                                       250                 -                    -         -                      -                             250
junior subordinated debt                              5,533                 -              (2,986)         (81)                   -                           2,466
loans and mortgages payable                               1                 -                  (1)         -                      -                               -
aiglh notes and bonds payable                           299                 -                 (15)         -                      -                             284
aiglh junior subordinated debt                        1,054                 -                (518)         -                      -                             536
total aig general borrowings                         21,199             3,247              (5,028)         (317)                  5                          19,106
aig/dib borrowings supported by assets:(a)
mip notes payable                                     7,963                 -              (4,781)         (274)               (38)                           2,870
series aigfp matched notes and bonds                  3,219                 -              (2,998)         -                  (187)                              34
payable gias, at fair value                                   5,530               433              (1,675)         -                    360       (b)                 4,648
notes and bonds payable, at fair value                1,217                30                (338)         -                   (91)       (b)                   818
total aig/dib borrowings supported by                17,929               463              (9,792)         (274)                 44                           8,370
assets total debt issued or guaranteed by aig               39,128             3,710             (14,820)         (591)                 49                          27,476
debt not guaranteed by aig:
other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable                                       656                24                (167)         (5)                (450)       (c)                    58
debt of consolidated investments(d)                   1,909             1,450              (1,160)         (1)                1,485   (c) (e)                 3,683
total debt not guaranteed by aig                      2,565             1,474              (1,327)         (6)                1,035                           3,741
total debt                                          $41,693            $5,184            $(16,147)           $(597)          $1,084                         $31,217
(a)  aig parent guarantees all dib debt, except for mip notes payable and series aigfp matched notes and bonds payable, which are direct obligations of aig parent.
(b)  primarily represents adjustments to the fair value of debt.
(c)  reflects debt that has been reclassified from other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable to debt of consolidated investments.
(d)  at december 31, 2014, includes debt of consolidated investments held through aig global real estate investment corp., aig credit corp., aiglh and aig property casualty inc. of $2.0 billion, $54 million, $1.5 billion and $122 million, respectively.
(e)  includes the effect of consolidating previously unconsolidated securitization vehicles.
155

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources total debt outstanding
(in millions)
the decrease in total debt outstanding as of december 31, 2014 compared to december 31, 2013 was primarily due to maturities and repayments of debt and redemptions and repurchases of certain debt securities, as discussed above.
debt maturities the following table summarizes maturing debt at december 31, 2014 of aig (excluding $3.7 billion of borrowings of consolidated investments) for the next four quarters:
first          second         third           fourth

quarter        quarter        quarter         quarter
(in                                              2015           2015           2015            2015         total millions)
aig general borrowings                             $1             $-           $250            $846        $1,097
aig/dib borrowings supported by assets            220            342            157             164           883
other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable                                  17              7              7               7            38
total                                            $238           $349           $414          $1,017        $2,018
see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details for debt outstanding.
156

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources credit ratings credit ratings estimate a company's ability to meet its obligations and may directly affect the cost and availability of financing to that company. the following table presents the credit ratings of aig and certain of its subsidiaries as of february 2, 2015. figures in parentheses indicate the relative ranking of the ratings within the agency's rating categories; that ranking refers only to the major rating category and not to the modifiers assigned by the rating agencies.
short-term debt                          senior long-term debt

moody's          s&amp;p          moody's(a)         s&amp;p(b)       fitch(c)
aig                 p-2 (2nd of 3)   a-2 (2nd of 8)   baa 1 (4th of 9)   a- (3rd of 8)    bbb+ (4th of 9)
stable outlook                    stable outlook     stable outlook   stable outlook aig financial       p-2              a-2              baa 1              a-               -
products corp.(d)
stable outlook                    stable outlook     stable outlook aig funding,        p-2              a-2              -                  -                -
inc.(d)
stable outlook
(a) moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to the generic rating categories to show relative position within the rating categories.
(b) s&p ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.
(c)  fitch ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.
(d) aig guarantees all obligations of aig financial products corp. and aig funding, inc.
these credit ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. they may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other circumstances. ratings may also be withdrawn at our request.
we are party to some agreements that contain "ratings triggers." depending on the ratings maintained by one or more rating agencies, these triggers could result in (i) the termination or limitation of credit availability or a requirement for accelerated repayment, (ii) the termination of business contracts or (iii) a requirement to post collateral for the benefit of counterparties.
in the event of adverse actions on our long-term debt ratings by the major rating agencies, aigfp and certain other gcm entities would be required to post additional collateral under some derivative transactions or could experience termination of the transactions. such requirements and terminations could adversely affect our business, our consolidated results of operations in a reporting period or our liquidity. in the event of a further downgrade of aig's long-term senior debt ratings, aigfp and certain other gcm entities would be required to post additional collateral, and certain of the counterparties of aigfp or of such other gcm entities would be permitted to terminate their contracts early.
the actual amount of collateral that we would be required to post to counterparties in the event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions and other factors prevailing at the time of the downgrade.
for a discussion of the effects of downgrades in the financial strength ratings of our insurance companies or our credit ratings, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements herein and part i, item 1a. risk factors - liquidity, capital and credit.
regulation and supervision for a discussion of our regulation and supervision by different regulatory authorities in the united states and abroad, including with respect to our liquidity and capital resources, see item 1. business - regulation and item 1a. risk factors - regulation.
157

table of contents item 7 / liquidity and capital resources dividends and repurchases of aig common stock on february 13, 2014, our board of directors declared a cash dividend on aig common stock of $0.125 per share, payable on march 25, 2014 to shareholders of record on march 11, 2014. on may 5, 2014, our board of directors declared a cash dividend on aig common stock of $0.125 per share, payable on june 24, 2014 to shareholders of record on june 10, 2014. on august 4, 2014, our board of directors declared a cash dividend on aig common stock of $0.125 per share, payable on september 25, 2014 to shareholders of record on september 11, 2014. on november 3, 2014, our board of directors declared a cash dividend on aig common stock of $0.125 per share, payable on december 18, 2014 to shareholders of record on december 4, 2014.
on february 12, 2015, our board of directors declared a cash dividend on aig common stock of $0.125 per share, payable on march 26, 2015 to shareholders of record on march 12, 2015. the payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on various factors, including the regulatory framework applicable to us, as discussed further in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
on august 1, 2013, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of shares of aig common stock, with an aggregate purchase price of up to $1.0 billion, from time to time in the open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise. on february 13, 2014, june 5, 2014 and october 31, 2014, our board of directors authorized increases to the august 1, 2013 repurchase authorization of aig common stock of an aggregate of $4.5 billion.
during 2014, we repurchased approximately 88 million shares of aig common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $4.9 billion pursuant to this authorization.
in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2014, we executed five asr agreements with third-party financial institutions. the total number of shares of aig common stock repurchased in 2014, and the aggregate purchase price of those shares, each as set forth above, reflect our payment of approximately $3.1 billion in the aggregate to the financial institutions under the asr agreements and the receipt of approximately 53 million shares of aig common stock in the aggregate, including the initial receipt of 70 percent of the total notional share equivalent, or approximately 9.2 million shares of aig common stock, under an asr agreement executed in december 2014.  that asr agreement settled in january 2015, at which time we received approximately 3.5 million additional shares of aig common stock based on a formula specified by the terms of the asr agreement.
on february 12, 2015, our board of directors authorized an additional increase to the august 1, 2013 repurchase authorization of aig common stock of $2.5 billion, resulting in an aggregate remaining authorization on such date of approximately $2.5 billion. shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise.  the timing of any future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors.
dividend restrictions payments of dividends to aig by its insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of restrictions on payments of dividends by our subsidiaries.
158

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management enterprise risk management

risk management includes the identification and measurement of various forms of risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation of processes intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while optimizing returns. we consider risk management an integral part of managing our core businesses and a key element of our approach to corporate governance.
overview we have an integrated process for managing risks throughout our organization in accordance with our firm‐wide risk appetite. our board of directors has oversight responsibility for the management of risk. our enterprise risk management
(erm) department supervises and integrates the risk management functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a consolidated view of the firm's major risk positions. within each business unit, senior leaders and executives approve risk‐taking policies and targeted risk tolerance within the framework provided by erm. erm supports our businesses and management in the embedding of enterprise risk management in our key day-to-day business processes and in identifying, assessing, quantifying, managing and mitigating the risks taken by us and our businesses.
nevertheless, our risk management efforts may not always be successful and material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or financial condition may occur.

enterprise risk management (erm)
· our erm framework provides senior management with a consolidated view of our risk appetite and major risk positions.
· in each of our business units, senior leaders and executives approve risk-taking policies and targeted risk tolerances within the erm framework while working with erm to mitigate risks across the firm.
· risk management is an integral part of how we manage our core businesses.
risk governance structure our risk governance structure fosters the development and maintenance of a risk and control culture that encompasses all significant risk categories. accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk policies is aligned with individual corporate executives, with the risk committees receiving regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to support risk governance at our corporate level as well as in each business unit. we review our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and make changes as appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern our risks and risk-taking.
our board of directors oversees the management of risk through its risk and capital committee (rcc) and audit committee. those committees regularly interact with other committees of the board of directors. our chief risk officer (cro) reports to both the rcc and aig's chief executive officer (ceo).
the group risk committee (grc) is the senior management group charged with assessing all significant risk issues on a global basis to protect our financial strength, optimize our intrinsic value, and protect our reputation. the grc is chaired by our cro. its membership includes our ceo, chief financial officer (cfo), and other executives from across our corporate functions and business units. our cro reports periodically on behalf of the grc to both the rcc and the audit committee of the board of directors.
management committees that support the grc are described below. these committees are comprised of senior executives and experienced business representatives from a range of functions and business units throughout aig and its subsidiaries. these committees are charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific risk matters within their respective mandates.
financial risk group (frg):  the frg is responsible for the oversight of financial risks taken by aig and its subsidiaries. its mandate includes overseeing our aggregate credit, market, interest rate, capital, liquidity and model risks, as well as asset-liability management, derivatives activity, and foreign exchange transactions. membership of the frg includes our evp -
159

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management investments, deputy aig chief investment officer, as well as our cfo, and other senior executives from finance and erm. our cro serves as chair of the frg.
transaction approval and business practices committee (tabpc): tabpc provides the primary corporate-level review function for all proposed transactions and business practices that are significant in size, complex in scope, or that present heightened legal, reputational, accounting or regulatory risks. our deputy general counsel serves as tabpc chair and additional members include our cro and cfo, and other senior executives from finance, legal, treasury, investments and our business units.
operational risk committee (orc): this committee oversees operational risk management activities across aig's businesses, functions, and geographic locations. the orc reviews the enterprise-wide identification, escalation and mitigation of operational risks that may arise from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems, or external events.  the orc also monitors current and emerging operational risks, as well as management actions taken to reduce risks to acceptable levels. the committee approves the operational risk management (orm) policy and orm framework, which includes the identification, assessment, monitoring and measurement of risks. the committee ensures applicable governance structures are established to provide oversight of operational risk at each business unit and corporate function. the orc also reviews aggregate firm-wide operational risk reports and provides a forum for senior management to assess our operational risk profile and to discuss operational risks that may affect our strategic objectives.
orc members include senior aig executives with expertise in legal, compliance, technology, human resources, finance and operational risk, as well as business continuity management and the chief risk officers of our business units.
business unit risk and capital committees: each of our major insurance businesses has established a risk and capital committee (bu rcc) that serves as the senior management committee responsible for risk oversight at the individual business unit level.  the bu rccs are responsible for the identification, assessment and monitoring of all sources of risk within their respective portfolios. specific responsibilities include setting risk tolerances, approving capital management strategies (including asset allocation and risk financing), insurance portfolio optimization, risk management policies and providing oversight of risk-adjusted metrics. in addition to its bu rcc, each major insurance business has established subordinate committees which identify, assess and monitor the specific operational, transactional and financial risks inherent in its respective business. together, the bu rccs and aig risk committees described above provide comprehensive risk oversight throughout the organization.
risk appetite, limits, identification, and measurement risk appetite framework our risk appetite framework integrates stakeholder interests, strategic business goals and available financial resources. we intend to balance these by taking measured risks that are expected to generate repeatable, sustainable earnings and produce long-term value for our shareholders. the framework includes our risk appetite statement approved by the board of directors
160

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management or a committee thereof and a set of supporting tools, including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies, which we use to manage our risk profile and financial resources.
we articulate our aggregate risk-taking by setting risk tolerances on capital and liquidity measures. these measures are set at the aig parent as well as the legal entity level and cover consolidated and insurance company capital and liquidity ratios.  we must comply with standards for capital adequacy and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet all our obligations as they come due in accordance with our internal capital management and liquidity policies. the risk appetite for our insurance operations inform the requirements for capital adequacy for individual legal entities.  our risk tolerances take into consideration regulatory requirements, rating agency expectations, and business needs. the grc routinely reviews the level of risk taken by the consolidated organization in relation to the established risk tolerances. a consolidated risk report is also presented periodically, as required, to the rcc by our cro.
risk limits a key component of our risk appetite framework is having a process in place that establishes and maintains appropriate limits on the material risks identified for our core businesses and allows monitoring and meeting of both internal and external stakeholder's expectations. our objectives include:
•    monitoring of risks, providing early warning indicators, and ensuring timely oversight and enforceability;
•    defining a consistent and transparent approach to limits governance from the group-level to regional entities; and
•    alignment with risk appetite statement, where applicable.
to support the monitoring and management of aig's and its business units' material risks, erm has established a limits framework that employs a three-tiered hierarchy:
•    level i limits are aig consolidated level limits. they define our aggregate maximum exposures for core risks within the boundaries set by the risk appetite statement, and constrain our concentration in specific risk types. these limits are set to manage key risks identified by erm and to meet requirements by regulators and rating agencies at a consolidated level. level 1 limits are reported to the frg, grc and rcc.
•    level ii limits are business unit level limits. they define our appetite for specific, material risk taking activities within business units and corporate functions. these key risks are identified by erm for the business unit and/or corporate function, and risk limits are developed to meet the specific requirements of regulators and rating agencies. level ii limits are reported to the bu rcc and frg.
•    level iii limits monitor risk utilization on the regional or local level and are developed to address any specific requirements by regulators and rating agencies for that region not captured by the level i and level ii limits. level 3 limits are reported at the local entity bu rcc.
all limits are reviewed by the frg, grc or business unit level risk committees on a periodic basis and revisions, if applicable, are approved by those committees.
the business units are responsible for complying with all risk limits. the erm teams and chief risk officers within each business unit monitor such compliance and provide regular, timely reporting to our senior management and risk committees. limit breaches are required to be reported in a timely manner and are documented and escalated in accordance with their level of severity or materiality. responsibility for addressing and/or remediating any breach rests with individuals within the specific unit that experienced the breach.
risk identification and measurement one tool we use to inform our risk appetite framework is risk identification.  we conduct risk identification through a number of processes at the business unit and corporate level focused on capturing our material risks and key areas of focus for follow-up risk management actions. a key initiative is our annual integrated bottom-up risk identification and assessment process
161

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management down to the product-line level. these processes are used as a critical input to enhance and develop our analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the organization.
we employ various approaches to measure, monitor, and manage risk exposures, including the utilization of a variety of metrics and early warning indicators. we use a proprietary stress testing framework to measure our quantifiable risks. this framework is built on our existing erm stress testing methodology for both insurance and non-insurance operations. the framework measures risk over multiple time horizons and under different levels of stress. we develop a range of stress scenarios based both on internal experience and regulatory guidance. the stress tests are intended to ensure that sufficient resources for our insurance company subsidiaries and the consolidated company are available under both idiosyncratic and systemic market stress conditions.
the stress testing framework assesses our aggregate exposure to our most significant financial and insurance risks, including the risk in each of our key insurance company subsidiaries in relation to its statutory capital needs under stress, risks inherent in our non-insurance company subsidiaries, and risks to aig consolidated capital. using our stress testing methodology, we evaluate the capital and earnings impact of potential stresses in relation to the relevant capital constraint of each business operation. we use this information to determine the resources needed at the aig parent level to support our subsidiaries and capital resources required to maintain consolidated company target capitalization levels.
we evaluate and manage risk in material topics as shown below. these topics are discussed in more detail in the following pages:

•                          •                             •
credit risk management     liquidity risk management     insurance operations risks
•                          •                             •
market risk management     operational risk management   other operations risks credit risk management overview credit risk is defined as the risk that our customers or counterparties are unable or unwilling to repay their contractual obligations when they become due. credit risk may also result from a downgrade of a counterparty's credit ratings or a widening of its credit spreads.
we devote considerable resources to managing our direct and indirect credit exposures. these exposures may arise from, but are not limited to fixed income investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper investments, reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate and consumer loans, leases, reinsurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising from derivatives activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance risk cessions to third parties, financial guarantees and letters of credit.
governance our credit risks are overseen and managed by erm. erm is assisted by credit functions headed by highly experienced credit professionals that take and manage our credit risk. their primary role is to assure appropriate credit risk management in accordance with our credit policies and procedures relative to our credit risk parameters. our chief credit officer (cco) and credit executives are primarily responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of a risk management framework, which includes the following elements related to our credit risks:
•    developing and implementing our company-wide credit policies and procedures;
•    approving delegated credit authorities to our credit executives;
162

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management
•    developing methodologies for quantification and assessment of credit risks, including the establishment and maintenance of our internal risk rating process;
•    managing a system of credit and program limits, as well as the approval process for credit transactions, above limit exposures, and concentrations of risk that may exist or be incurred;
•    evaluating, monitoring, reviewing and reporting of credit risks and concentrations regularly with senior management; and
•    approving appropriate credit reserves, credit-related other-than-temporary impairments and corresponding methodologies in all credit portfolios.
we monitor and control our company-wide credit risk concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations, whether funded or unfunded. to minimize the level of credit risk in some circumstances, we may require mitigants, such as third‐party guarantees, reinsurance or collateral, including commercial bank-issued letters of credit and trust collateral accounts. we treat these guarantees, reinsurance recoverables, letters of credit and trust collateral accounts as credit exposure and include them in our risk concentration exposure data.
see investments - available for sale investments herein for further information on our credit concentrations and credit exposures.
market risk management market risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact due to systemic movements in one or more of the following market risk drivers:  equity and commodity prices, residential and commercial real estate values, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange, inflation, and their levels of volatility.
we are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment and other financial services businesses that generate market risk, directly and indirectly. we are exposed to market risks primarily within our insurance and capital markets businesses, on both the asset and liability side of our balance sheet through on and off-balance sheet exposures. the chief risk officer within each business is responsible for properly identifying these risks, then ensuring that they are appropriately measured, monitored and managed in accordance with the risk governance framework established by the chief market risk officer (cmro).
the scope and magnitude of our market risk exposures is managed under a robust framework that contains documented risk-taking authorities, defined risk limits and minimum standards for managing market risk in a manner consistent with our risk appetite statement. our market risk management framework focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of changes in these broad market observables, distinct from the idiosyncratic risks associated with individual assets that are addressed through our credit risk management function.
risk identification market risk focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of changes in broad, external, predominantly market observable risks. financial repercussions can include an adverse impact on results of operations, financial conditions, liquidity and capital.
each of the following systemic risks is considered a market risk:
equity prices.  we are exposed to changes in equity market prices affecting a variety of instruments. changes in equity prices can affect the valuation of publicly-traded equity shares, investments in private equity, hedge funds and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds (etfs), and other equity-linked capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance products, including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities, universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance.
residential and commercial real estate values.  our investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of changing values in a variety of residential and commercial real estate investments. changes in residential/commercial real estate prices can affect the valuation of residential/commercial mortgages, residential/commercial mortgage‐backed securities and other structured securities with underlying assets that include residential/commercial mortgages: trusts that include residential/commercial real estate and/or mortgages (reits), and residential mortgage insurance contracts and commercial real estate investments.
163

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management interest rates.  interest rate risk can arise from a mismatch in the interest rate exposure of assets versus liabilities. lower interest rates generally result in lower investment income and resulting product changes will generally reduce the attractiveness of our insurance products in the marketplace. conversely, higher interest rates are typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. however, when rates rise quickly, there can be a temporary asymmetric u.s. gaap accounting effect where the existing securities lose market value, which is largely reported in other comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease in the value of related liabilities may not be recognized. changes in interest rates can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities, insurance contracts including but not limited to fixed rate annuities, variable annuities and derivative contracts.
credit spreads.  credit spreads measure an instrument's risk premium or yield relative to that of a comparable duration, default‐free instrument. changes in credit spreads can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, including but not limited to corporate bonds, asset-backed securities, mortgage-backed securities, aig-issued debt obligations, credit derivatives and derivative credit valuation adjustments. much like higher interest rates, wider credit spreads mean more investment income in the long‐term. in the short term, quickly rising spreads will cause a loss in the value of existing fixed maturity securities, which is largely reported in other comprehensive income. a precipitous rise in credit spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in the credit‐worthiness of bond obligors, potentially resulting in default losses.
foreign exchange (fx) rates.  we are a globally diversified enterprise with significant income, assets and liabilities denominated in, and significant capital deployed in, a variety of currencies. changes in fx rates can affect the valuation of a broad range of balance sheet and income statement items as well as the settlement of cash flows exchanged in specific transactions.
commodity prices.  changes in commodity prices (the value of commodities) can affect the valuation of publicly‐traded commodities, commodity indices and derivatives on commodities and commodity indices.
inflation.  changes in inflation can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, including aig-issued debt obligations, derivatives and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation indices, and insurance contracts where the claims are linked to inflation either explicitly, via indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage levels.
governance market risk is managed at the corporate level within erm through the cmro, who reports directly to the aig cro.  the cmro is supported by a dedicated team of professionals within erm who work in partnership with the senior management of our finance, treasury and investment management corporate functions.  the cmro is primarily responsible for the development and maintenance of a risk management framework that includes the following key components:
•    written policies that define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and provide clear guidance regarding their execution and management;
•    a limit framework that aligns with our board-approved risk appetite statement;
•    independent measurement, monitoring and reporting for line of business, business unit and enterprise-wide market risks; and
•    clearly defined authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities related to market risk management.
these components facilitate the cmro's identification, measurement, monitoring, reporting and management of our market risks.
risk measurement our market risk measurement framework was developed with the main objective of communicating the range and scale of our market risk exposures. at the firm‐wide level market risk is measured in a manner that is consistent with aig's risk appetite statement. this is designed to ensure that we remain within our stated risk tolerance levels and can determine how much additional market risk taking capacity is available within our framework. our risk appetite is currently defined in terms of capital
164

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management and liquidity levels under specific stress tests. at the market risk level, the framework measures our overall exposure to each systemic market risk change on an economic basis.
in addition, we continue to enhance economic, u.s. gaap accounting and statutory capital‐based risk measures at the market risk level, business‐unit level and firm‐wide levels. this process aims to ensure that we have a comprehensive view of the impact of our market risk exposures.
we use a number of approaches to measure our market risk exposure, including:

sensitivity analysis. sensitivity analysis measures the impact from a unit change in a market risk input. examples of such sensitivities include a one basis point increase in yield on fixed maturity securities, a one basis point increase in credit spreads on fixed maturity securities, and a one percent increase in price on equity securities.
scenario analysis. scenario analysis uses historical, hypothetical, or forward‐looking macroeconomic scenarios to assess and report exposures. examples of hypothetical scenarios include a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve or a 20 percent immediate and simultaneous decrease in world‐wide equity markets. scenarios may also utilize a stochastic framework to arrive at a probability distribution of losses.
stress testing. stress testing is a special form of scenario analysis in which the scenarios are designed to lead to a material adverse outcome. examples of such scenarios include the stock market crash of october 1987 or the widening of yields or spreads of rmbs or cmbs during 2008.
market risk sensitivities the following table provides estimates of our sensitivity to changes in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates:
balance sheet exposure                                  balance sheet effect

december 31,                december         december 31,                     december
31,                                          31,
(dollars in millions)                                  2014                    2013         2014                             2013
sensitivity factor                                                                          100 bps parallel increase in all yield curves interest rate sensitive assets:
fixed maturity securities                           273,885                 268,208                    (15,107)                         (14,341)
mortgage and other loans receivable                  16,594                  14,649                       (921)                            (661)
preferred stock                                          19                      21                         (1)                              (2)
total interest rate sensitive assets               $290,498    (a)         $282,878   (a)   $(16,029)                  (b)   $(15,004)
sensitivity factor                                                                          20% decline in stock prices and value of alternative investments equity and alternative investments exposure:
hedge funds                                          10,798                   9,900                     (2,160)                          (1,980)
private equity                                        8,858                   9,810                     (1,772)                          (1,962)
real estate investments                               3,612                   3,113                       (722)                            (623)
picc(c)                                               3,375                   2,536                       (675)                            (507)
common equity                                         2,044                   1,927                       (409)                            (385)
aircraft asset investments                              651                     763                       (130)                            (153)
aercap                                                4,972                       -                       (994)                                -
other investments                                     1,331                     957                       (266)                            (191)
total equity and alternative investments exposure                                            $35,641                 $29,006         $(7,128)                         $(5,801)
165

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management sensitivity                                            10% depreciation of all foreign currency factor

exchange rates against the u.s. dollar foreign currency-denominated net asset position(d)                  $12,005     $10,350     $(1,201)                         $(1,035)
(a)  at december 31, 2014, the analysis covered $290 billion of $309 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. excluded are $1 billion in dib assets, $8 billion of loans, and $4 billion of investments in life settlements. in addition, $5 billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling limitations. at december 31, 2013, the analysis covered $283 billion of $306 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. excluded are $6 billion in dib assets, $5 billion of loans, and $4 billion of investments in life settlements. in addition, $8 billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling and/or data limitations.
(b)  commencing in the first quarter of 2014, we began using a duration and convexity method to estimate the impact of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates on each security. the change in method had no material effect on the amounts presented at december 31, 2013.
(c)  includes our investments in picc group and picc p&c.
(d)  the majority of the foreign currency exposure is reported on a one quarter lag.
foreign currency-denominated net asset position reflects our consolidated non‐u.s. dollar assets less our consolidated non‐u.s dollar liabilities on a u.s. gaap basis. we use a bottom-up approach in managing our foreign currency exchange rate exposures with the objective of protecting statutory capital at the regulated insurance entity level. we manage cash flow risk on our foreign currency-denominated debt issued by aig parent and use a variety of techniques to mitigate this risk, including but not limited to the execution of cross-currency swaps and the issuance of new foreign currency-denominated debt to replace equivalent maturing debt. at the aig parent level, we monitor our foreign currency exposures against single currency and aggregate currency portfolio limits. as a matter of general practice, we do not typically hedge our foreign currency exposures to net investments in subsidiaries. however, we may utilize either cross-currency swaps or our foreign currency- denominated debt as a net investment hedge of our capital in subsidiaries.
at december 31, 2014, our five largest foreign currency net asset positions were denominated in british pounds, canadian dollars, euro, hong kong dollars and japanese yen. our foreign currency-denominated net asset position at december 31, 2014 increased by 16.0 percent, or $1.7 billion, compared to december 31, 2013. the increase was mostly due to a $650 million increase in our hong kong dollar position, primarily resulting from the non-life insurance companies investment in picc p&c; a $585 million increase in our british pound position, primarily resulting from aig parent repurchasing outstanding british pound-denominated debt; a $378 million increase in our japanese yen position, mainly attributable to japanese yen deferred tax liability reduction; a $153 million increase in our canadian dollar position, mainly attributable to an increase in operating income from underwriting and investments; and a $75 million increase in our euro position primarily resulting from aig parent repurchasing outstanding euro-denominated debt. these increases were partially offset by a $173 million decrease in our polish zloty position, primarily resulting from the sale of our equity investment in santander consumer bank.
for illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities based on a 100 basis point increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline in equities and alternative assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all foreign currency exchange rates against the u.s. dollar. the estimated results presented in the table above should not be taken as a prediction, but only as a demonstration of the potential effects of such events.
the sensitivity factors utilized for 2014 and presented above were selected based on historical data from 1994 to 2014, as follows (see the table below):
•    a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve is consistent with a one standard deviation movement of the benchmark ten-year treasury yield;
•    a 20 percent drop for equity and alternative investments is broadly consistent with a one standard deviation movement in the s&p 500; and
•    a 10 percent depreciation of foreign currency exchange rates is consistent with a one standard deviation movement in the u.s. dollar (usd)/great britain pound (gbp) exchange rate.
2014        2014         2014              original scenario as             as a multiple    2013 scenario (based

standard   suggested             a   change/              of                       on multiple of                  standard   standard deviation for period   deviation        2014      standard    return       deviation                1993-2013
scenario     deviation                                            period)
10-year       1994-2014        0.01        0.01          1.00    (0.01)            0.87                     0.01
treasury s&amp;p 500   1994-2014        0.19        0.20          1.05      0.11            0.60                     0.20
usd/gbp       1994-2014        0.09        0.10          1.07    (0.06)            0.63                     0.10
166

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management risk monitoring and limits the risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by the business units, include ensuring compliance with market risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit breaches. such activities must be reported to the erm market risk team by the relevant business unit. this monitoring approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework.
to control our exposure to market risk, we rely on a three-tiered hierarchy of limits that the cmro closely monitors and reports to our cro, senior management and risk committees.
see risk appetite, limits, identification, and measurement - risk limits herein for further information on our three-tiered hierarchy of limits.
liquidity risk management liquidity risk is defined as the risk that our financial condition will be adversely affected by the inability or perceived inability to meet our short-term cash, collateral or other financial obligations. failure to appropriately manage liquidity risk can result in insolvency, reduced operating flexibility, increased costs, reputational harm and regulatory action.
aig and its legal entities seek to maintain sufficient liquidity during both the normal course of business and under defined liquidity stress scenarios to ensure that sufficient cash can be generated to meet the obligations as they come due.
aig parent liquidity risk tolerance levels are established for base and stress scenarios over a time horizon covering a period of up to one year. we maintain a liquidity buffer designed to ensure that funding needs are met under varying market conditions. if we project that we will breach the tolerance, we will assess and determine appropriate liquidity management actions. however, the market conditions in effect at that time may not permit us to achieve an increase in liquidity sources or a reduction in liquidity requirements.
risk identification the following sources of liquidity and funding risks could impact our ability to meet short-term financial obligations as they come due.
•       market/monetization risk: assets cannot be readily transformed into cash due to unfavorable market conditions. market liquidity risk may limit our ability to sell assets at reasonable values to meet liquidity needs.
•       cash flow mismatch risk: discrete and cumulative cash flow mismatches or gaps over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse business conditions may create future liquidity shortfalls.
•       event funding risk: additional funding is required as the result of a trigger event. event funding risk comes in many forms and may result from a downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or some other event that created a funding obligation or limits existing funding options.
•       financing risk: we are unable to raise additional cash on a secured or unsecured basis due to unfavorable market conditions, aig-specific issues, or any other issue that impedes access to additional funding.
governance liquidity risk is managed at the corporate level within erm through the cmro, who reports directly to the aig cro.  the aig cro has responsibility for the oversight of the liquidity risk management framework and delegates day-to-day implementation of this framework to the aig treasurer, with erm oversight.
the liquidity risk management framework is guided by the liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the board-approved risk appetite statement. the principal objective of this framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that protect our
167

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing business, and to meet short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in both normal and stressed conditions.
our liquidity risk management framework includes a number of liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address aig-specific, broader industry and market related liquidity events.
risk measurement comprehensive cash flow projections under normal conditions are the primary component for identifying and measuring liquidity risk. we produce comprehensive liquidity projections over varying time horizons that incorporate all relevant liquidity sources and uses and include known and likely cash inflows and outflows. in addition, we perform stress testing by identifying liquidity stress scenarios and assessing the effects of these scenarios on our cash flow and liquidity.
we use a number of approaches to measure our liquidity risk exposure, including:

coverage ratios: coverage ratios measure the adequacy of a portfolio of assets to meet the forecasted net cash flow over a specified time horizon. the portfolio of assets is selected based on our ability to convert those assets into cash under the assumed market conditions and within the specified time horizon.
asset ratios: asset ratios measure and track the quality of an entity's assets that can be used to raise liquidity over a specified period of time.
cash flow forecasts: cash flow forecasts measure the liquidity needed for a specific legal entity over a specified time horizon.
stress testing: coverage ratios and asset ratios are re-measured under defined liquidity stress scenarios that will impact net cash flows, liquid assets and/or other funding sources.
relevant liquidity reporting is produced and reported regularly to aig parent and business unit risk committees. the frequency, content, and nature of reporting will vary for each business unit and legal entity, based on its complexity, risk profile, activities and size.
operational risk management operational risk is defined as the risk of loss, or other adverse consequences, resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems, or from external events. operational risk includes legal risk, but excludes business and strategy risks.
operational risk is inherent in each of our business units and corporate functions. operational risks can have many impacts, including but not limited to: unexpected economic losses or gains, reputational harm due to negative publicity, regulatory action from supervisory agencies, operational and business disruptions, and/or damage to customer relationships.
our orm function, which supports our orc, has the responsibility to provide an aggregate view of our operational risk profile. our orm function oversees the operational risk policy and framework, which includes risk identification, assessment, monitoring and measurement. the orm program captures various types of risk to provide an aggregate view for each business and function. this includes operational risks related to core insurance activities, investing, model risk, technology (including cyber security, access, data privacy and data security), third party providers, compliance and regulatory matters.
each business unit is responsible for managing its operational risks and implementing the components of the operational risk management program. in addition, certain corporate control functions have been assigned accountability for enterprise-wide operational risk management for their respective areas. these control functions include sarbanes-oxley (sox), business continuity management (bcm), information technology security risk and compliance, model validation and vendor risk
168

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management management. senior business operational risk executives report to their respective business unit cro and to the head of our orm. this reporting structure is designed to enable close alignment with the business unit while ensuring consistent implementation of operational risk management practices.
a strong operational risk management program facilitates the identification and mitigation of operational risk issues. to accomplish this, our operational risk management program is designed to:

• pro-actively address potential operational risk issues;
• create transparency throughout the organization; and
• assign clear ownership and accountability for addressing identified operational risk issues.
as part of the orm framework, we deploy an integrated risk assessment approach which includes top-down risk assessments to identify our most significant operational risks, a risk and control self assessment (rcsa) process to identify key operational risks conducted at the business units and corporate functions and the identification of emerging risks through our vulnerability identification (vid) process which considers risks that have not yet fully manifested but could become significant over time. in addition, we conduct scenario analysis to identify remote but plausible potential risks that could result in severe financial losses. corrective action plans are developed to address identified issues. businesses are accountable for tracking and remediating these issues.
operational risk management reporting to senior management and operational risk governance committees provides awareness of operational risk exposures, identifies key risks and facilitates management decision making. reporting includes operational risk mitigation and monitoring, rcsa results and the status of issue resolution to senior management.
insurance operations risks except as described above, we manage our business risk oversight activities through our insurance operations. a primary goal in managing our insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return on equity. to achieve this goal, we must be disciplined in risk selection, premium adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the risk accepted.
our insurance businesses are conducted on a global basis and expose us to a wide variety of risks with different time horizons. we manage these risks throughout the organization, both centrally and locally, through a number of procedures:
•    pre-launch approval of product design, development and distribution;
•    underwriting approval processes and authorities;
•    exposure limits with ongoing monitoring;
•    modeling and reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels (policy, line of business, product group, country, individual/group, correlation and catastrophic risk events);
•    compliance with financial reporting and capital and solvency targets;
•    use of reinsurance, both internal and third-party; and
•    review and establishment of reserves.
we closely manage insurance risk by monitoring and controlling the nature and geographic location of the risks in each line of business underwritten, the terms and conditions of the underwriting and the premiums we charge for taking on the risk. we analyze concentrations of risk using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions (stochastic) and/or single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches.
169

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management risk identification
•    non-life insurance companies - risks covered include property, casualty, fidelity/surety, accident and health, aviation, management liability and mortgage insurance. we manage risks in the general insurance business through aggregations and limitations of concentrations at multiple levels: policy, line of business, geography, industry and legal entity. we manage risks in the mortgage insurance business through geographic classification, risk based pricing, premium adequacy monitoring, and prudent credit policy and underwriting standards.
•    life insurance companies - risks include mortality and morbidity in the insurance-oriented products and insufficient cash flows to cover contract liabilities and longevity risk in the retirement savings-oriented products. we manage risks through product design, sound medical and non-medical underwriting, and external reinsurance programs.
we purchase reinsurance for our insurance operations. reinsurance facilitates insurance risk management (retention, volatility, concentrations) and capital planning. we may purchase reinsurance on a pooled basis. pooling of our reinsurance risks enables us to purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a consolidated level, manage global counterparty risk and relationships and manage global catastrophe risks, both for the non-life insurance companies and the life insurance companies.
governance insurance risks are managed at the business unit level within erm through the business unit chief risk officers, who report directly to the aig cro. oversight is provided by the business unit chief risk officers. the business unit chief risk officers and their teams work closely with management to manage insurance risks. the framework includes the following key components:
•    written policies that define the rules for our insurance risk-taking activities;
•    a limit framework focused on key insurance risks that aligns with our board-approved risk appetite statement; and
•    clearly defined authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities related to insurance risk management.
risk measurement, monitoring and limits we use a number of approaches to measure our insurance risk exposure, including:

stochastic methods. stochastic methods are used to measure and monitor risks including natural catastrophe, reserve and premium risk. we develop probabilistic estimates of risk based on our exposures, historical observed volatility or industry-recognized models in the case of catastrophe risk.
scenario analysis. scenario or deterministic analysis is used to measure and monitor risks such as terrorism or to estimate losses due to man-made catastrophic scenarios.
in addition, we monitor concentrations of exposure through insurance limits aggregated along dimensions such as geography, industry, or counterparty.
non-life insurance companies key insurance risks we manage insurance risks through risk review and selection processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. this management is supported by sound underwriting practices, pricing procedures and the use of actuarial analysis to help determine overall adequacy of provisions for insurance. underwriting practices and pricing procedures incorporate historical experience, changes in underlying exposure, current regulation and judicial decisions as well as proposed or anticipated regulatory changes.
170

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management for non-life insurance companies, insurance risks primarily include the following:
•    liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses - the potential inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is a key risk faced by the non-life insurance companies. there is significant uncertainty in factors that may drive the ultimate development of losses compared to our estimates of losses and loss adjustment expenses. we manage this uncertainty through internal controls and oversight of the loss reserve setting process, as well as reviews by external experts. see item 1. business - a review of liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses herein for further information.
•    underwriting - the potential inadequacy of premiums charged for future risk periods on risks underwritten in our portfolios can impact the non-life insurance companies ability to achieve an underwriting profit. we develop pricing based on our estimates of losses and expenses, but factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty and complexity in estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate to generate underwriting profit. this may be driven by adverse economic conditions, unanticipated emergence of risks or increase in frequency of claims, worse than expected prepayment of policies, investment results, or expenses.
•    catastrophe exposure - our business is exposed to various catastrophic events in which multiple losses can occur and affect multiple lines of business in any calendar year. natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and other catastrophes, have the potential to adversely affect our operating results. other risks, such as man-made catastrophes or pandemic disease, could also adversely affect our business and operating results to the extent they are covered by our insurance products. concentration of exposure in certain industries or geographies may cause us to suffer disproportionate losses.
•    reinsurance  -  since we use reinsurance to limit our losses, we are exposed to risks associated with reinsurance including the unrecoverability of expected payments from reinsurers either due to an inability or unwillingness to pay, contracts that do not respond properly to the event, or that actual reinsurance coverage is different than anticipated. the inability or unwillingness to pay is considered credit risk and is monitored through our credit risk management framework.
natural catastrophe risk we manage catastrophe exposure with multiple approaches such as setting risk limits based on aggregate probable maximum loss (pml) modeling, monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, and purchasing catastrophe reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and capital markets in addition to other reinsurance protections.
we use third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools to evaluate and simulate frequency and severity of catastrophic events and associated losses to our portfolios of exposures. we apply a proprietary multi-model approach to account for relative strengths and weaknesses of vendor models, and make adjustments to modeled losses to account for loss adjustment expenses, model biases, data quality and non-modeled risks.
we perform post-catastrophe event studies to identify model weaknesses, underwriting gaps, and improvement opportunities. lessons learned from post-catastrophe event studies are incorporated into the modeling and underwriting processes of risk pricing and selection. the majority of policies exposed to catastrophic risks are one-year contracts which allow us to adjust our underwriting guidelines, pricing and exposure accumulation in a relatively short period.
we recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. with multiple levels of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models and strategic planning. for example, we continually consider changes in climate and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process. in addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change, including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. our internal product development, underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.
our natural catastrophe exposure is primarily driven by the u.s. and japan, though our overall exposure is diversified across multiple countries. for example, we have exposures to additional perils such as european windstorms and floods. within the u.s., we have significant hurricane exposure in florida, the gulf of mexico, northeast u.s. and mid-atlantic regions. events impacting the northeast u.s. and the mid-atlantic may result in a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily
171

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management due to our relative share of exposure in those regions. within the u.s., we have significant earthquake exposure in california, the pacific northwest and new madrid regions. earthquakes impacting the pacific northwest and new madrid regions may result in a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our relative share of exposure in these regions.
the estimates below are the occurrence exceedance probability (oep) losses, which reflect losses that may occur in any single event due to the defined peril. the 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 pmls are the probable maximum losses from a single natural catastrophe event with probability of 1 percent and 0.4 percent, respectively.
the following table presents an overview of modeled losses (oep) for top perils and countries.
at december 31, 2014                                 net                 net          percent of 2015             of 2015        of total

(in millions)                             gross         reinsurance         reinsurance,   shareholder after tax        equity exposures:
u.s. hurricane (1-in-100)(a)             $4,887              $2,801               $1,821           1.7   %
u.s. earthquake (1-in-250)(b)             7,080               3,522                2,289           2.1
japanese wind (1-in-100)                  1,279               1,225                  796           0.7
japanese earthquake (1-in-250)(c)        $1,159                $899                 $584           0.5   %
(a)  the u.s. hurricane amount includes losses to property from hurricane hazards of wind and storm surge.
(b)  u.s. earthquake loss estimates represent exposure to property, workers' compensation (u.s.) and a&h business lines.
(c)  japan earthquake represents exposure to property and a&h business lines.
the oep estimates provided above reflect our in-force portfolios at september 30, 2014, for u.s. exposures, and at june 30, 2014 for japan exposures. the catastrophe reinsurance program is as of january 1, 2015.
as noted above, aig, along with other non-life insurance and reinsurance companies, utilizes industry-recognized catastrophe models and apply their proprietary modeling processes and assumptions to arrive at loss estimates. the use of different methodologies and assumptions could materially change the projected losses. since there is no industry standard for assumptions and preparation of insured data for use in these models, modeled losses may not be comparable to estimates made by other companies.
also, the modeled results are based on the assumption that all reinsurers fulfill their obligations to us under the terms of the reinsurance arrangements and all catastrophe bonds attach and pay as modeled. however, reinsurance recoverable may not be fully collectible. in particular, the use of catastrophe bonds may not provide commensurate levels of protection compared to traditional reinsurance transactions. therefore, these estimates are inherently uncertain and may not accurately reflect our exposure to these events.
our 2015 catastrophe reinsurance program includes coverage for natural catastrophes and some coverage for terrorism events. it consists of a large north american occurrence cover (without reinstatement) to protect against a large u.s. loss, and a worldwide aggregate cover to protect against multiple, potentially smaller, losses. the attachment point for this reinsurance program is at $3 billion.
actual results in any period are likely to vary, perhaps materially, from the modeled scenarios. the occurrence of one or more severe events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. see also item 1a. risk factors - reserves and exposures for additional information.
terrorism risk we actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to losses from terrorist attacks. we have set risk limits based on modeled losses from certain terrorism attack scenarios. terrorism risks are modeled using a third-party vendor model and various terrorism attack modes and scenarios. adjustments are made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature of the non-life insurance companies exposures. examples of modeled scenarios are conventional bombs of different sizes, anthrax attacks and nuclear attacks.
our largest terrorism exposures are in new york city, and estimated losses are largely driven by the property and workers' compensation lines of business. at our largest exposure location, modeled losses for a five-ton bomb attack net of the
172

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management terrorism risk insurance act (tria) and reinsurance recoveries are estimated to be $3.1 billion as of september 30, 2014. we also have smaller terrorism exposure in canadian cities and in london.
our exposure to terrorism risk is mitigated by tria in addition to limited private reinsurance protections. tria covers terrorist attacks within the united states or u.s. missions and against certain u.s. carriers or vessels and excludes certain lines of business as specified by applicable law. in 2015, tria covers 85 percent of insured losses above a deductible, decreasing by one percent each year to 80 percent in 2020. the current estimate of our deductible is about $2.7 billion for 2014.
we offer terrorism coverage in many other countries through various insurance products and participate in country terrorism pools when applicable. international terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based modeling and exposure concentration is monitored routinely. targeted reinsurance purchases are made for some lines of business to cover potential losses due to terrorist attacks.
mortgage risk for mortgage guaranty, the potential exposure to loss is due to borrower default on a first-lien residential mortgage; the primary drivers of this risk are changes in mortgage underwriting standards, home price depreciation, changes in the unemployment rate, changes in mortgage rates, and mortgagee behavior.
mortgage guaranty manages the quality of the loans it insures through use of a proprietary risk quality index. mortgage guaranty uses this index to determine an insurability threshold as well as to manage the risk distribution of its new business. along with traditional mortgage underwriting variables, mortgage guaranty's risk-based pricing model uses rating factors such as geography and the historical quality of a lender's origination process to establish premium rates.
reinsurance recoverable aig's reinsurance recoverable assets are comprised of:
•    paid losses recoverable - balances due from reinsurers for losses and loss adjustment expenses paid by our subsidiaries and billed, but not yet collected.
•    ceded loss reserves - ultimate ceded reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses, including reserves for claims reported but not yet paid and estimates for ibnr.
•    ceded reserves for unearned premiums.
at december 31, 2014, total reinsurance recoverable assets were $22.0 billion. these assets include general reinsurance paid losses recoverable of $1.5 billion, ceded loss reserves of $15.7 billion including reserves for ibnr, and ceded reserves for unearned premiums of $3.0 billion, as well as life reinsurance recoverables of $1.8 billion. the methods used to estimate ibnr and to establish the resulting ultimate losses involve projecting the frequency and severity of losses over multiple years. these methods are continually reviewed and updated by management. any adjustments are reflected in income. we believe that the amount recorded for ceded loss reserves at december 31, 2014 reflects a reasonable estimate of the ultimate losses recoverable. actual losses may, however, differ, perhaps materially, from the reserves currently ceded.
the reinsurance credit department (rcd) conducts periodic detailed assessments of the financial strength and condition of current and potential reinsurers, both foreign and domestic. the rcd monitors both the financial condition of reinsurers as well as the total reinsurance recoverable ceded to reinsurers, and set limits with regard to the amount and type or exposure we are willing to take with reinsurers. as part of these assessments, we attempt to identify whether a reinsurer is appropriately licensed, assess its financial capacity and liquidity; and evaluate the local economic and financial environment in which a foreign reinsurer operates. the rcd reviews the nature of the risks ceded and the need for measures, including collateral to mitigate credit risk. for example, in our treaty reinsurance contracts, we frequently include provisions that require a reinsurer to post collateral or use other measures to reduce exposure when a referenced event occurs. furthermore, we limit our unsecured exposure to reinsurers through the use of credit triggers such as insurer financial strength rating downgrades, declines in regulatory capital, or specified declines in risk-based capital (rbc) ratios. we also set maximum limits for reinsurance recoverable exposure, which in some cases is the recoverable amount plus an estimate of the maximum potential
173

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management exposure from unexpected events for a reinsurer. in addition, credit executives within erm review reinsurer exposures and credit limits and approve reinsurer credit limits above specified levels. finally, even where we conclude that uncollateralized credit risk is acceptable, we require collateral from active reinsurance counterparties where it is necessary for our subsidiaries to recognize the reinsurance recoverable assets for statutory accounting purposes. at december 31, 2014, we held $7.4 billion of collateral, in the form of funds withheld, securities in reinsurance trust accounts and/or irrevocable letters of credit, in support of reinsurance recoverable assets from unaffiliated reinsurers. we believe that no exposure to a single reinsurer represents an inappropriate concentration of risk to aig, nor is our business substantially dependent upon any single reinsurance contract.
the following table presents information for each reinsurer representing in excess of five percent of our total reinsurance recoverable assets:
at december 31, 2014                          a.m.             gross            percent                              uncollateralized of

s&amp;p     best           reinsurance         reinsurance             collateral           reinsurance
(in millions)                           rating(a)   rating(a)           assets           assets(b)                held(c)                assets reinsurer:
swiss reinsurance group of companies    aa-         a+                  $2,366                10.8   %               $742                $1,624
berkshire hathaway group of companies   aa+         a++                 $1,920   (d)           8.7   %             $1,547                  $373
munich reinsurance group of companies   aa-         a+                  $1,867                 8.5   %               $612                $1,255
(a) the financial strength ratings reflect the ratings of the various reinsurance subsidiaries of the companies listed as of february 10, 2015.
(b) total reinsurance assets include both the non-life insurance companies and the life insurance companies reinsurance recoverable.
(c)  excludes collateral held in excess of applicable balances.
(d) includes $1.5 billion recoverable under the 2011 retroactive reinsurance transaction pursuant to which a large portion of the non-life insurance companies  net domestic asbestos liabilities were transferred to nico. does not include reinsurance assets ceded to other reinsurers for which nico has assumed the collection risk. see liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses - transfer of domestic asbestos liabilities.
at december 31, 2014, we had no significant general reinsurance recoverable due from any individual reinsurer that was financially troubled. reinsurer capital levels continued to increase in 2014, thereby increasing the industry's underwriting capacity. this increased capacity has resulted in increased competition and lower rates for 2015 renewals. reduced profitability associated with lower rates could potentially result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for some reinsurers. the rcd, in conjunction with the credit executives within erm, reviews these developments, monitors compliance with credit triggers that may require the reinsurer to post collateral, and seeks to use other appropriate means to mitigate any material risks arising from these developments.
see item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates - reinsurance assets for further discussion of reinsurance recoverable.
life insurance companies key insurance risks life insurance companies manage these risks through product design, experience monitoring, pricing actions, risk limitations, reinsurance and active monitoring and management of the relationships between assets and liabilities, including hedging. the emergence of significant adverse experience would require an adjustment to dac and benefit reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations for a particular period. for a further discussion of this risk, see item 1a. risk factors - business and operations.
for life insurance companies, insurance risks primarily include the following:
•    mortality risk - represents the risk of loss arising from actual mortality rates being higher than expected mortality rates.  this risk could arise from pandemics or other events, including longer-term societal changes that cause higher than expected mortality. this risk exists in a number of our product lines but is most significant for our life insurance products.
•    longevity risk - represents the risk of a change in value of a policy or benefit arising from actual mortality rates being lower than the expected mortality rates. this risk could arise from longer-term societal health changes as well as other factors. this risk exists in a number of our product lines but is most significant for our retirement, institutional and annuity products.
•    client behavioral risk including surrender/lapse risk - there are many assumptions made when products are sold including how long the contracts will persist. actual experience can vary significantly from these assumptions.  this risk is
174

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management impacted by a number of factors including changes in market conditions, tax law, regulations and policyholder preferences. this risk exists in the majority of our product lines.
•    interest rate risk - represents the potential for loss due to a change in interest rates. interest rate risk is measured with respect to assets, liabilities (both insurance-related and financial), and derivatives. this risk manifests itself when interest rates move significantly in a short period of time (interest rate shock) but can also manifest itself over a longer period of time such as a persistent low interest rate environment.
•    equity risk - represents the potential for loss due to changes in equity prices. it affects equity-linked insurance products, including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities (and associated guaranteed living and death benefits), universal life insurance, and variable universal life insurance. it also affects our equity investments and equity-related investments. in addition, changes in the volatility of equity prices can affect the valuation of those insurance products that are accounted for in a manner similar to equity derivatives.
other operations risks global capital markets gcm actively manages its exposures to limit potential economic losses, and in doing so, gcm must continually manage a variety of exposures including credit, market, liquidity and operational risks. the senior management of aig defines the policies and establishes general operating parameters for gcm's operations. our senior management has established various oversight committees to regularly monitor various financial market, operational and credit risks related to gcm's operations. the senior management of gcm reports the results of its operations to and reviews future strategies with aig's senior management.
gcm derivative transactions a counterparty may default on any obligation to us, including a derivative contract. credit risk is a consequence of extending credit and/or carrying trading and investment positions. credit risk exists for a derivative contract when that contract has a positive fair value to aig. the maximum potential exposure will increase or decrease during the life of the derivative commitments as a function of maturity and market conditions. to help manage this risk, gcm operates within the guidelines set by the credit function within erm. transactions that fall outside these pre-established guidelines require the specific approval of erm. it is also aig's policy to record credit valuation adjustments for potential counterparty default when necessary.
in addition, gcm utilizes various credit enhancements, including letters of credit, guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit derivatives, margin agreements and subordination to reduce the credit risk relating to its outstanding financial derivative transactions. gcm requires credit enhancements in connection with specific transactions based on, among other things, the creditworthiness of the counterparties, and transaction size and maturity. furthermore, gcm enters into certain agreements that have the benefit of set-off and close-out netting provisions, such as isda master agreements, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements. these provisions provide that, in the case of an early termination of a transaction, gcm can set off its receivables from a counterparty against its payables to the same counterparty arising out of all covered transactions. as a result, where a legally enforceable netting agreement exists, the fair value of the transaction with the counterparty represents the net sum of estimated fair values.
the fair value of gcm's interest rate, currency, credit, commodity and equity swaps, options, swaptions, and forward commitments, futures, and forward contracts reported in derivative assets, at fair value, was approximately $1.4 billion at both december 31, 2014 and 2013. where applicable, these amounts have been determined in accordance with the respective master netting agreements.
gcm evaluates counterparty credit quality by internal analysis consistent with the risk rating policies of erm, and supplements such analysis with ratings from rating agencies, where applicable.  in addition, gcm's credit approval process involves pre-approved counterparty credit exposure limits that are established by erm.
175

table of contents item 7 / enterprise risk management the following table presents the fair value of gcm's derivatives portfolios by internal counterparty credit rating:
at december 31,

(in millions)                 2014        2013
rating:
aaa                            $56        $129
aa                             130         156
a                              215         291
bbb                            962         687
below investment grade          68         114
total                       $1,431      $1,377
see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion related to derivative transactions.
aig parent and other the major risk for investments in life settlements is longevity risk, which represents the risk of a change in the carrying value of the contracts arising from actual mortality rates being lower than the expected mortality rates. this risk could arise from longer term societal health changes as well as other factors.
critical accounting estimates

the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment.
the accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions, which are critical accounting estimates, are related to the determination of:

•
classification of ilfc as held for sale and related fair value measurement;
•
income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating profitability of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax asset;
•
liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses;
•
reinsurance assets;
•
valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent of loss recognition;
•
valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity products;
•
estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs for investment-oriented products;
•
impairment charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale securities, impairments on investments in life settlements and goodwill impairment;
•
liability for legal contingencies; and
• fair value measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities.
these accounting estimates require the use of assumptions about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. to the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected.
176

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates the major assumptions used to establish each critical accounting estimate are discussed below.
classification of ilfc as held for sale and related fair value measurement we report a business as held for sale when management has approved or received approval to sell the business and is committed to a formal plan, the business is available for immediate sale, the business is being actively marketed, the sale is anticipated to occur during the next 12 months, which may require significant judgment, and certain other specified criteria are met. a business classified as held for sale is recorded at the lower of its carrying amount or estimated fair value less cost to sell. if the carrying amount of the business exceeds its estimated fair value, a loss is recognized.
on december 16, 2013, aig parent and seller entered into a definitive agreement with aercap holdings n.v. (aercap) and aercap ireland limited for the sale of 100 percent of the common stock of ilfc (the aercap agreement) for consideration consisting of $3.0 billion of cash and approximately 97.6 million newly issued aercap common shares. the consideration had a value of approximately $5.4 billion based on aercap's pre-announcement closing price per share of $24.93 on december 13, 2013.  upon closing of the transaction on may 14, 2014, we recorded the 97.6 million aercap shares received at their then fair value of $47.01 and, together with the next cash received, recorded pre-tax and after-tax gains of approximately $2.2 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively for the year ended december 31, 2014.  we determined ilfc met the criteria for held-for-sale accounting at december 31, 2013. because we received approximately 46 percent of the common stock of aercap upon closing of the transaction and we continued to hold such percentage at december 31, 2014, ilfc does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the consolidated statements of income. consequently, ilfc's operating results are presented in continuing operations for all periods presented.
income taxes recoverability of net deferred tax asset the evaluation of the recoverability of our net deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the net deferred tax asset will not be realized. the weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. the more negative evidence that exists, the more positive evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed.
we consider a number of factors to reliably estimate future taxable income, so we can determine the extent of our ability to realize net operating losses (nols), foreign tax credits (ftcs), capital loss and other carryforwards. these factors include forecasts of future income for each of our businesses and actual and planned business and operational changes, both of which include assumptions about future macroeconomic and aig‐specific conditions and events. we subject the forecasts to stresses of key assumptions and evaluate the effect on tax attribute utilization. we also apply stresses to our assumptions about the effectiveness of relevant prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. our income forecasts, coupled with our tax planning strategies, all resulted in sufficient taxable income to achieve realization of the u.s. tax attributes prior to their expiration.
see note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our framework for assessing the recoverability of our deferred tax asset.
uncertain tax positions our accounting for income taxes, including uncertain tax positions, represents management's best estimate of various events and transactions, and requires judgment.  fasb interpretation no. 48, "accounting for uncertainty in income taxes" (fin 48) (now incorporated into accounting standards codification, 740, income taxes) prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of an income tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. the standard also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties and additional disclosures. we determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained, based on technical
177

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates merits, upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities before any part of the benefit can be recognized in the financial statements. a tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement.
we classify interest expense and penalties recognized on income taxes as a component of income taxes.
u.s. income taxes on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries the u.s. federal income tax laws applicable to determining the amount of income taxes related to differences between the book carrying amounts and tax bases of subsidiaries are complex. determining the amount also requires significant judgment and reliance on reasonable assumptions and estimates.
insurance liabilities liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (non-life insurance companies)
the estimate of the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses consists of several key judgments:
•    the determination of the actuarial models used as the basis for these estimates;
•    the relative weights given to these models by class;
•    the underlying assumptions used in these models; and
•    the determination of the appropriate groupings of similar classes and, in some cases, the segmentation of dissimilar claims within a class.
we use numerous assumptions in determining the best estimate of reserves for each class of business. the importance of any specific assumption can vary by both class of business and accident year. because actual experience can differ from key assumptions used in establishing reserves, there is potential for significant variation in the development of loss reserves. this is particularly true for long-tail casualty classes of business such as excess casualty, asbestos, d&o, and primary or excess workers' compensation.
all of our methods to calculate net reserves include assumptions about estimated reinsurance recoveries and their collectability. reinsurance collectability is evaluated independently of the reserving process and appropriate allowances for uncollectible reinsurance are established.
in some of our estimation processes we rely on the claims department estimates of our case reserves as an input to our best estimate of the ultimate loss cost.
178

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates overview of loss reserving process and methods the non-life insurance companies' loss reserves can generally be categorized into two distinct groups. short-tail classes of business consist principally of property, personal insurance and certain casualty classes. long-tail casualty classes of business include excess and umbrella liability, d&o, professional liability, medical malpractice, workers' compensation, general liability, products liability and related classes.
short-tail reserves for operations writing short-tail coverages, such as property, the process for recording non-catastrophe quarterly loss reserves is generally geared toward maintaining incurred but not reported reserves based on percentages of net earned premiums for that business, rather than determining an ultimate loss ratio for current business based on reported losses. for example, the ibnr reserve required for the latest accident quarter for a class of property business might be expected to approximate 20 percent of the most recent quarter's earned premiums. this level of reserve would generally be maintained regardless of the actual losses emerging in the current quarter. the percent of premium factor would reflect both the expected ultimate cost for reported claims and the expected percentage of losses that have not yet been reported.  the expected ultimate loss costs generally reflect the average loss ratio from a period of preceding years that have been adjusted for changes in rate and loss cost levels, mix of business, known exposure to unreported losses, or other factors affecting the particular class of business. the expected percentage of losses that have not yet been reported would be derived from historical loss emergence patterns. ibnr for claims arising from catastrophic events or events of unusual severity would be determined using alternative techniques in close collaboration with the claims department.  for some classes, a loss development factor method or percentage of monthly losses method may be used to determine ibnr reserves.
long-tail reserves estimation of ultimate                                                       to net losses and loss adjustment expenses (net losses) for long-tail casualty     estimate net losses for long-tail casualty classes classes of business is a complex process and depends on a number of                          of business, we factors, including the class and volume of business, as well as estimates of   use a variety of actuarial methods and assumptions.
the reinsurance recoverable. experience in the more recent accident years shows limited statistical credibility in reported net losses on long-tail casualty classes of business. that is because a relatively low proportion of net incurred losses represent reported claims and expenses, and an even smaller percentage represents net losses paid. therefore, ibnr constitutes a relatively high proportion of net losses.

to estimate net losses for long-tail casualty classes of business, we use a variety of actuarial methods and assumptions and other analytical techniques as described below. a detailed reserve review is generally performed at least once per year to allow for comprehensive actuarial evaluation and collaboration with claims, underwriting, business unit management, risk management and senior management.
179

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates we generally make a number of actuarial assumptions in the review of reserves for each class of business.
for longer-tail classes of business, we generally make actuarial assumptions with respect to the following:

•
loss cost trend factors which are used to establish expected loss ratios for subsequent accident years based on the projected loss ratios for prior accident years.
•
expected loss ratios for the latest accident year
(i.e., accident year 2014 for the year-end 2014 loss reserve analysis)
and, in some cases for accident years prior to the latest accident year. the expected loss ratio generally reflects the projected loss ratio from prior accident years, adjusted for the loss trend and the effect of rate changes and other quantifiable factors on the loss ratio. for low-frequency, high-severity classes such as excess casualty, expected loss ratios generally are used for at least the three most recent accident years.
•
loss development factors which are used to project the reported losses for each accident year to an ultimate basis. generally, the actual loss development factors observed from prior accident years would be used as a basis to determine the loss development factors for the subsequent accident years.
we record quarterly changes in loss reserves for each of the non-life insurance companies classes of business. the overall change in our loss reserves is based on the sum of the changes for all classes of business. for most long-tail classes of business, the quarterly loss reserve changes are based on the estimated current loss ratio for each class of coverage less any amounts paid. also, any change in estimated ultimate losses from prior accident years deemed to be necessary based on the results of our latest reserve studies or large loss analysis, either positive or negative, is reflected in the loss reserve for the current quarter.
details of the loss reserving process the process of determining the current loss ratio for each class of business is based on a variety of factors. these include considerations such as: prior accident year and policy year loss ratios; rate changes; and changes in coverage, reinsurance, or mix of business. other considerations include actual and anticipated changes in external factors such as trends in loss costs, real gross domestic product (gdp) growth, inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration, stock market volatility, corporate bond spreads, or in the legal and claims environment. the current loss ratio for each class of business is intended to represent our best estimate of the current loss ratio after reflecting all of the relevant factors. at the close of each quarter, the assumptions underlying the loss ratios are reviewed to determine if the loss ratios remain appropriate. this process includes a review of the actual claims experience in the quarter, actual rate changes achieved, actual changes in coverage, reinsurance or mix of business, and changes in other factors that may affect the loss ratio. when this review suggests that the initially determined loss ratio is no longer appropriate, the loss ratio for current business is changed to reflect the revised assumptions.
we conduct a comprehensive loss reserve review at least annually for each of the non-life insurance company and class of business. the reserve analysis for each class of business is performed by the actuarial personnel who are most familiar with that class of business. in this process, the actuaries are required to make numerous assumptions, including the selection of loss development factors and loss cost trend factors. they are also required to determine and select the most appropriate actuarial methods for each business class. additionally, they must determine the segmentation of data that will enable the most suitable test of reserve adequacy. in the course of these detailed reserve reviews an actuarial central estimate of the loss reserve is determined. the sum of these central estimates for each class of business provides an overall actuarial central estimate of the loss reserve for that class.
we continue to consult with third party environmental litigation and engineering specialists, third party toxic tort claims professionals, third party clinical and public health specialists, third party workers' compensation claims adjusters and third party actuarial advisors to help inform our judgments.  in 2014, the third party actuarial reviews covered the majority of net reserves held for our commercial long-tail classes of business, and run-off portfolios reported in corporate and other.
180

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates in determining the actual carried reserves, we consider both the internal actuarial best estimate and numerous other internal and external factors, including:

•
an assessment of economic conditions including real gdp growth, inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration, stock market volatility and changes in corporate bond spreads;
•
changes in the legal, regulatory, judicial and social environment including changes in road safety, public health and cleanup standards;
•
changes in medical cost trends (inflation, intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage inflation trends
•
underlying policy pricing, terms and conditions including attachment points and policy limits;
•
claims handling processes and enhancements;
•
third-party claims reviews that are periodically performed for key classes of claims such as toxic tort, environmental and other complex casualty claims and
•
third-party actuarial reviews that are periodically performed for key classes of business.
loss reserve development can also be affected by commutations of assumed and ceded reinsurance agreements.
actuarial and other methods for major classes of business in testing the reserves for each class of business, our actuaries determine the most appropriate actuarial methods. this determination is based on a variety of factors including the nature of the claims associated with the class of business, such as the frequency or severity of the claims. other considerations include the loss development characteristics associated with the claims, the volume of claim data available for the applicable class, and the applicability of various actuarial methods to the class. in addition to determining the actuarial methods, the actuaries determine the appropriate loss reserve groupings of data. for example, we write many unique subclasses of professional liability. for pricing or other purposes, it is appropriate to evaluate the profitability of each subclass individually. however, for purposes of estimating the loss reserves for many classes of business, we believe it is appropriate to combine the subclasses into larger groups to produce a greater degree of credibility in the claims experience. this determination of data segmentation and actuarial methods is carefully considered for each class of business. the segmentation and actuarial methods chosen are those which together are expected to produce the most robust estimate of the loss reserves.
the actuarial methods we use for most long-tail casualty classes of business include loss development methods, expected loss ratio methods, including "bornhuetter ferguson" methods described below, and frequency/severity models. loss development methods utilize the actual loss development patterns from prior accident years to project the reported losses to an ultimate basis for subsequent accident years. loss development methods generally are most appropriate for classes of business which exhibit a stable pattern of loss development from one accident year to the next, and for which the components of the classes have similar development characteristics. for example, property exposures would generally not be combined into the same class as casualty exposures, and primary casualty exposures would generally not be combined into the same class as excess casualty exposures. in 2014, we continued to refine our loss reserving techniques for the domestic primary casualty classes of business and adopted further segmentations based on our analysis of the differing emerging loss patterns for certain classes of insureds. we generally use expected loss ratio methods in cases where the reported loss data lacks sufficient credibility to utilize loss development methods, such as for new classes of business or for long-tail classes at early stages of loss development.  frequency/severity models may be used where sufficient frequency counts are available to apply such approaches.
expected loss ratio methods rely on the application of an expected loss ratio to the earned premium for the class of business to determine the loss reserves. for example, an expected loss ratio of 70 percent applied to an earned premium base of $10 million for a class of business would generate an ultimate loss estimate of $7 million. subtracting any reported paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result in the indicated loss reserve for this class. under the "bornhuetter ferguson" methods, the expected loss ratio is applied only to the expected unreported portion of the losses. for example, for a long-tail class of business for which only 10 percent of the losses are expected to be reported at the end of the accident year, the expected loss ratio would be applied to the 90 percent of the losses still unreported. the actual reported losses at the end
181

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates of the accident year would be added to determine the total ultimate loss estimate for the accident year. subtracting the reported paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result in the indicated loss reserve. in the example above, the expected loss ratio of 70 percent would be multiplied by 90 percent. the result of 63 percent would be applied to the earned premium of $10 million resulting in an estimated unreported loss of $6.3 million. actual reported losses would be added to arrive at the total ultimate losses. if the reported losses were $1 million, the ultimate loss estimate under the "bornhuetter ferguson" method would be $7.3 million versus the $7 million amount under the expected loss ratio method described above. thus, the "bornhuetter ferguson" method gives partial credibility to the actual loss experience to date for the class of business. loss development methods generally give full credibility to the reported loss experience to date. in the example above, loss development methods would typically indicate an ultimate loss estimate of $10 million, as the reported losses of $1 million would be estimated to reflect only 10 percent of the ultimate losses.
a key advantage of loss development methods is that they respond quickly to any actual changes in loss costs for the class of business. therefore, if loss experience is unexpectedly deteriorating or improving, the loss development method gives full credibility to the changing experience. expected loss ratio methods would be slower to respond to the change, as they would continue to give more weight to the expected loss ratio, until enough evidence emerged to modify the expected loss ratio to reflect the changing loss experience. on the other hand, loss development methods have the disadvantage of overreacting to changes in reported losses if the loss experience is not credible. for example, the presence or absence of large losses at the early stages of loss development could cause the loss development method to overreact to the favorable or unfavorable experience by assuming it will continue at later stages of development. in these instances, expected loss ratio methods such as "bornhuetter ferguson" have the advantage of recognizing large losses without extrapolating unusual large loss activity onto the unreported portion of the losses for the accident year.
frequency/severity methods generally rely on the determination of an ultimate number of claims and an average severity for each claim for each accident year. multiplying the estimated ultimate number of claims for each accident year by the expected average severity of each claim produces the estimated ultimate loss for the accident year. frequency/severity methods generally require a sufficient volume of claims in order for the average severity to be predictable. average severity for subsequent accident years is generally determined by applying an estimated annual loss cost trend to the estimated average claim severity from prior accident years. in certain cases, a structural approach may also be used to predict the ultimate loss cost. frequency/severity methods have the advantage that ultimate claim counts can generally be estimated more quickly and accurately than can ultimate losses. thus, if the average claim severity can be accurately estimated, these methods can more quickly respond to changes in loss experience than other methods. however, for average severity to be predictable, the class of business must consist of homogeneous types of claims for which loss severity trends from one year to the next are reasonably consistent. generally these methods work best for high frequency, low severity classes of business such as personal auto.
structural drivers analytics seek to explain the underlying drivers of frequency/severity.  a structural drivers analysis of frequency/severity is particularly useful for understanding the key drivers of uncertainty in the ultimate loss cost. for example, for the excess workers' compensation class of business, we have attempted to corroborate our judgment by considering the impact on severity of the future propensity for deterioration of an injured worker's medical condition, the impact of price inflation on the various categories of medical expense and cost of living adjustments on indemnity benefits, the impact of injured worker mortality and claim specific settlement and loss mitigation strategies, etc., using the following:
•    claim by claim reviews to determine the stability and likelihood of settling an injured worker's indemnity and medical benefits - the claim file review was facilitated by third party specialists experienced in workers' compensation claims;
•    analysis of the potential for future deterioration in medical condition unlikely to be picked up by a claim file review and associated with potentially costly medical procedures (i.e., increases in both utilization and intensity of medical care) over the course of the injured worker's lifetime;
•     analysis of the cost of medical price inflation for each category of medical spend (services and devices) and for cost of living adjustments in line with statutory requirements;
•    portfolio specific mortality level and mortality improvement assumptions based on a mortality study conducted for aig's primary and excess workers' compensation portfolios and aig's opinion of future longevity trends for the open reported cases;
•    ground-up consideration of the reinsurance recoveries expected for the class of business for reported claims with extrapolation for unreported claims; and
182

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates
•    the effects of various run-off claims management strategies that have been developed by aig's run-off unit.
during 2014, we continued to expand our analysis of structural drivers as a means of corroborating our judgments using traditional actuarial techniques. for example, we considered the impact of changes in economic activity (real gdp growth) on our emerging experience in the commercial auto liability class of business, particularly business written in excess of a large insured deductible where ground up experience may take several years to pierce our layer. further, we considered the impact of expected levels of future inflation as measured by the personal consumption expenditure (pce) deflator (health services component) published by the u.s. bureau of economic analysis on our ultimate loss costs for medical benefits in the primary workers' compensation class of business. we believe the pce deflator provides a more appropriate measure of workers' compensation medical inflation as it includes medical expenditures made by employers on behalf of their employees. we also tested the sensitivity of our estimates to changes in the future path and level of inflation for this class of business.
overall, our loss reserve reviews for long-tail classes typically utilize a combination of both loss development and expected loss ratio methods, supplemented by structural drivers analysis of frequency/severity where available. loss development methods are generally given more weight for accident years and classes of business where the loss experience is highly credible. expected loss ratio methods are given more weight where the reported loss experience is less credible, or is driven more by large losses. expected loss ratio methods require sufficient information to determine the appropriate expected loss ratio. this information generally includes the actual loss ratios for prior accident years, and rate changes as well as underwriting or other changes which would affect the loss ratio. further, an estimate of the loss cost trend or loss ratio trend is required to allow for the effect of inflation and other factors which may increase or otherwise change the loss costs from one accident year to the next.
the estimation of loss reserves relating to asbestos and environmental claims on insurance policies written many years ago is subject to greater uncertainty than other types of claims. this is due to inconsistent court decisions, as well as judicial interpretations and legislative actions that in some cases have tended to broaden coverage beyond the original intent of such policies or have expanded theories of liability. in addition, reinsurance recoverable balances relating to asbestos and environmental loss reserves are subject to greater uncertainty due to the underlying age of the claim, underlying legal issues surrounding the nature of the coverage, and determination of proper policy period. for these reasons, these balances tend to be subject to increased levels of disputes and legal collection activity when actually billed. the insurance industry as a whole is engaged in extensive litigation over these coverage and liability issues and is thus confronted with a continuing uncertainty in its efforts to quantify these exposures.
we continue to receive claims asserting injuries and damages from toxic waste, hazardous substances, and other environmental pollutants and alleged claims to cover the cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites, referred to collectively as environmental claims, and indemnity claims asserting injuries from asbestos. the vast majority of these asbestos and environmental claims emanate from policies written in 1984 and prior years. commencing in 1985, standard policies contained absolute exclusions for pollution-related damage and asbestos. the current non-life insurance companies environmental policies that we specifically price and underwrite for environmental risks on a claims-made basis have been excluded from the analysis.
the majority of our exposures for asbestos and environmental claims are excess casualty coverages, not primary coverages. the litigation costs are treated in the same manner as indemnity amounts, with litigation expenses included within the limits of the liability we incur. individual significant claim liabilities, where future litigation costs are reasonably determinable, are established on a case-by-case basis.
reserve estimation for asbestos and environmental claims estimation of asbestos and environmental claims loss reserves is a subjective process. reserves for asbestos and environmental claims cannot be estimated using conventional reserving techniques such as those that rely on historical accident year loss development factors. the methods used to determine asbestos and environmental loss estimates and to establish the resulting reserves are continually reviewed and updated by management.
various factors contribute to the complexity and difficulty in determining the future development of claims. significant factors that influence the claims estimation process include court resolutions and judicial interpretations which broaden the intent of the policies and scope of coverage. the current case law can be characterized as still evolving, and there is little likelihood that any firm direction will develop in the near future. additionally, the exposures for cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites
183

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates involve issues such as allocation of responsibility among potentially responsible parties and the government's refusal to release parties from liability. future claims development also will be affected by the changes in superfund and waste dump site coverage and liability issues.
if the asbestos and environmental reserves develop deficiently, resulting deficiencies could have an adverse effect on our future results of operations for an individual reporting period.
with respect to known environmental claims, we established over two decades ago a specialized environmental claims unit, which investigates and adjusts all such environmental claims. this unit evaluates environmental claims utilizing a claim-by-claim approach that involves a detailed review of individual policy terms and exposures. because each policyholder presents different liability and coverage issues, we generally evaluate exposure on a policy-by-policy basis, considering a variety of factors such as known facts, current law, jurisdiction, policy language and other factors that are unique to each policy. quantitative techniques must be supplemented by subjective considerations, including management judgment. each claim is reviewed at least semi-annually utilizing the aforementioned approach and adjusted as necessary to reflect the current information.
the environmental claims unit also actively manages and pursues early resolution with respect to these claims in an attempt to mitigate its exposure to the unpredictable development of these claims. we attempt to mitigate our known long-tail environmental exposures through a combination of proactive claim-resolution techniques, including policy buybacks, complete environmental releases, compromise settlements, and, when appropriate, litigation.
known asbestos claims are managed in a similar manner. over two decades ago we established a specialized toxic tort claims unit, which historically investigated and adjusted all such asbestos claims. as part of the above mentioned nico transaction, effective january 1, 2011, nico assumed responsibility for claims handling related to the majority of aig's domestic asbestos liabilities.
184

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates the following is a discussion of actuarial methods applied by major class of business:
class                                                                                                                                                                  application of business or category and actuarial method                                                                                                                                          of actuarial method

excess casualty we generally use a combination of loss development                                                                           expected loss ratio methods are generally used for methods and expected loss ratio methods for excess casualty classes.                                                         at least the three latest accident years, due to the relatively low frequency/severity methods are generally not used in                                                                         credibility of the reported losses. the loss experience is generally reviewed isolation to determine ultimate loss costs as the vast majority of reported                                                  separately for lead umbrella classes and for other excess classes, due to the claims do not result in claim payment. (however, frequency/severity methods                                                  relatively shorter tail for lead umbrella business. automobile‐related assist in the regular monitoring of the adequacy of carried reserves to                                                      claims are generally reviewed separately from non-auto claims, due to the support incurred but not reported claims). in addition, the average severity                                                 shorter-tail nature of the automobile‐related claims. claims relating varies significantly from accident year to accident year due to large losses                                                 to certain latent exposures such as construction defects, exhaustion of which characterize this class of business, as well as changing proportions of                                                underlying product aggregate limits, or mass torts are reviewed separately claims which do not result in a claim payment. to gain more stability in the                                                 due to the unique emergence patterns of losses relating to these claims. the projection, the claims amenable to loss development methods are analyzed in multiple                                         expected loss ratios used for recent accident years are based on the layers: the layer capped at $1 million, $4 million excess of $1 million,                                                     projected ultimate loss ratios of prior years, adjusted for rate changes,
$5 million excess of $5 million, $15 million excess of $10 million, and the layer                                            estimated loss cost trends and all other changes that can be quantified.
above $25 million. the expected loss ratios for the layers above $1 million                                                  during 2014, we estimated the are derived from the expected relationship between the layers, reflecting the                                                loss development patterns for mass tort claims separately from non-mass tort attachment point and limit by accident year.                                                                                 claims based on our experience over the last 30 years. this segmentation led in addition, we leverage case                                                                                                to lower estimates for accident years 2005 and subsequent for non-mass tort reserving based methodologies for complex claims/ latent exposures such as                                                   claims where we expect underwriting actions and reductions in policy limits those involving toxic tort and other claims accumulations.                                                                   to have a favorable effect on ultimate losses, particularly for accident years 2007 to 2013. this was entirely offset by higher selected ultimates for accident years 2004 and prior as a result of this segmentation.
d&amp;o and related management liability classes of business we generally use a combination of loss development                                                                                                                    these classes of business reflect methods and expected loss ratio methods for d&amp;o and related management                                                                                            claims made coverage, and losses are characterized by low frequency and high liability classes of business.                                                                                                                                        severity. expected loss ratio methods are given more weight in the two most frequency/severity methods are                                                                                                                                        recent accident years, whereas loss development methods are given more weight generally not used in isolation for these classes as the overall losses are                                                                                           in more mature accident years. for the year-end 2014 loss reserve review, driven by large losses more than by claim frequency. severity trends have                                                                                             claims projections for accident years 2013 and prior were used.
varied significantly from accident year to accident year and care is required in analyzing these trends by claim type. we also give weight to claim department ground-up projections of ultimate loss on a claim by claim basis as these may be more predictive of ultimate loss values especially for older accident years.
workers'
compensation we generally use a combination of                                                                                                                                     for guaranteed cost business, loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for workers'                                                                                                 expected loss ratio methods generally are given significant weight only in compensation. we segment the data by state and industry class to the extent                                                                                           the most recent accident year. workers' compensation claims are generally that meaningful differences are determined to exist.                                                                                                                  characterized by high frequency, low severity, and relatively consistent loss development from one accident year to the next. we historically have been a leading writer of workers' compensation, and thus have sufficient volume of claims experience to use development methods. we generally segregate california (ca) business from other business in evaluating workers'
compensation reserves. in 2012, we segmented out new york (ny) from the other states to reflect its different development pattern and changing percentage of the mix by state. we also revised our assumptions to reflect changes in our claims management activities. certain classes of workers' compensation, such as construction and business written in excess of a deductible, are also evaluated separately. expected loss ratio methods for business written in excess of a deductible may be given significant weight in the five or more most recent accident years. additionally, we write a number of very large accounts which include workers' compensation coverage. these accounts are generally individually priced by our actuaries, and to the extent appropriate, the indicated losses based on the pricing analysis may be used to record the initial estimated loss reserves for these accounts.
in 2014, we refined the segmentation of business written in excess of a deductible by analyzing loss development separately for each layer/deductible size group. we also updated our tail factor selections in ca and ny and our loss development factors in the construction class. each of these segments appears to have been impacted by specific structural changes in the portfolio. for ca business, our tail factor increases were in response to changing long-term medical development patterns. in ny, there has been a lengthening of the period between the date of accident and the classification of non-scheduled permanent partial injuries. we completed a review of claim emergence and payouts for our top six states in workers' compensation and concluded that ny and ca were the main states where the loss development patterns had materially changed since our last review. for excess of large deductible business, we updated our analyses to consider the impact of changes in the mix of retentions that has occurred over time as the data by retention band was becoming more credible.
lastly, for the construction class, we noted that the construction sector has experienced a comparatively slow recovery in payroll levels. as a result of the diminished employment opportunities in this industry sector, injured workers may experience limited return-to-work opportunities, which moderate the shortening of claim duration that normally accompanies a labor market recovery.
in 2014, we also enhanced our analysis by considering our best estimate expectations of inflation
(principally, the pce deflator for health care services) and loss cost trends and we also reflected the impacts of enhancements in our claim management and loss mitigation activities, such as opioid drug management, fraud investigation and medical management.
excess workers' compensation we historically have used a                                                                                                                                           excess workers' compensation is an extremely long-tail combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for                                                                                           class of business, with loss emergence extending for decades. the class is excess workers' compensation. for the year-end 2014 loss reserve review, our                                                                                          highly sensitive to small changes in assumptions - in the rate of actuaries supplemented the methods used historically by applying a structural                                                                                         medical inflation or the longevity of injured workers, for example -
drivers approach to inform their judgment of the ultimate loss costs for open                                                                                         which can have a significant effect on the ultimate reserve estimate. claims reported claims from accident years 2006 and prior and used the refined                                                                                               estimates for this line also are highly sensitive to:
analysis to help inform their judgment of the ultimate loss cost for claims                                                                                           ·
that have not yet been reported using a frequency/severity approach for these                                                                                         the assumed future rate of inflation and other economic accident years.                                                                                                                                                       conditions in the united states;
·
changes in the legal, regulatory, judicial and social environment;
·
the expected impact of recently enacted health care reform on workers' compensation costs;
·
underlying policy pricing, terms and conditions;
·
claims settlement trends that can materially alter the mix and ultimate cost of claims;
·
changes in claims reporting and management practices of insureds and their third-party administrators;
·
the cost of new and additional treatment specialties, such as
"pain management";
·
the propensity for severely injured workers' medical conditions to deteriorate in the future;
·
changes in injured worker longevity; and
·
territorial experience differences (across states and within regions in a state).
methods based on expected loss ratios are given the greater weight for the more recent accident years. for the year-end 2014 loss reserve review, the structural drivers approach which was applied to open reported claims from accident years 2006 and prior, was deemed to be most suitable for informing our judgment of the ultimate loss cost for injured workers whose medical conditions had largely stabilized
(i.e., at least 9 to 10 years have elapsed since the date of injury). the reserve for accident years 2007 and subsequent was determined using a generalized cape cod method, which is similar to a bornhuetter ferguson expected loss ratio method.
general liability we generally use a combination of                                                                                                                                     for certain classes of business loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for primary general                                                                                          with sufficient loss volume, loss development methods may be given liability or products liability classes. we also supplement the standard                                                                                              significant weight for all but the most recent one or two accident years. for actuarial techniques by using evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual                                                                                           smaller or more volatile classes of business, loss development methods may be claims or claim accumulations by external specialists on those classes of                                                                                             given limited weight for the five or more most recent accident years.
claims. the segmentation of the data reflects state differences, industry                                                                                             expected loss ratio methods are used for the more recent accident years for classes, deductible/non-deductible programs and type of claim.                                                                                                        these classes. the loss experience for primary general liability business is generally reviewed at a level that is believed to provide the most appropriate data for reserve analysis. additionally, certain sub-classes, such as construction, are generally reviewed separately from business in other subclasses. for other sub-classes, such as environmental, we utilize the claim analysts' claim projections for incurred but not enough reported (ibner)
and actuarial methods to calculate pure ibnr. in 2014, we continued to refine our loss reserving techniques for the domestic primary casualty classes of business and adopted further segmentations based on our analysis of the differing emerging loss patterns for certain classes of insureds. due to the fairly long-tail nature of general liability business, and the many subclasses that are reviewed individually, there is less credibility given to the reported losses and increased reliance on expected loss ratio methods for recent accident years.
commercial automobile liability we generally use loss development                                                                                                                                     expected loss ratio methods are methods for all but the most recent accident year for commercial automobile                                                                                           generally given significant weight only in the most recent accident year.
liability classes of business.                                                                                                                                        in 2014, we considered the impact of changes in economic activity (real gdp growth) on our emerging experience in the commercial auto liability class of business, particularly business written in excess of a large insured deductible where ground up experience may take several years to pierce our layer.
healthcare we generally use a combination of loss development                                                                                                                    the largest component of the methods and expected loss ratio methods for healthcare classes of business.                                                                                           healthcare business consists of coverage written for hospitals and other frequency/severity methods are sometimes used for                                                                                                                     healthcare facilities. we test reserves for excess coverage separately from pricing certain healthcare accounts or business. however, for loss reserve                                                                                            those for primary coverage. for primary coverages, loss development methods adequacy testing, the need to ensure sufficient credibility generally results                                                                                         are generally given the majority of the weight for all but the latest three in segmentations that are not sufficiently homogenous to utilize                                                                                                      accident years, and are given some weight for all years other than the latest frequency/severity methods.                                                                                                                                           accident year. for excess coverages, expected loss methods are generally we also supplement the standard                                                                                                                                       given all the weight for the latest three accident years, and are also given actuarial techniques by using evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual                                                                                           considerable weight for accident years prior to the latest three years. for claims by specialists on those classes of claims.                                                                                                                     other classes of healthcare coverage, an analogous weighting between loss development and expected loss ratio methods is used. the weights assigned to each method are those that are believed to result in the best combination of responsiveness and credibility.
professional liability we generally use a combination of loss development                                                                                                                    loss development methods are used methods and expected loss ratio methods for professional liability classes of                                                                                         for the more mature accident years. greater weight is given to expected loss business.                                                                                                                                                             ratio methods in the more recent accident years. reserves are tested frequency/severity methods are used in pricing and                                                                                                                    separately for claims made classes and classes written on occurrence policy forms.
profitability analyses for some classes of professional liability; however,                                                                                           further segmentations are made in a manner believed to provide an appropriate for loss reserve adequacy testing, the need to ensure sufficient credibility                                                                                          balance between credibility and homogeneity of the data.
generally results in segmentations that are not sufficiently homogenous to utilize frequency/severity methods.
we also use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each reported claim to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches.
catastrophic casualty we use expected loss ratio methods                                                                                                                                    the expected loss ratios and loss for all accident years for catastrophic casualty business. this class of                                                                                              development assumptions used are based upon the results of prior accident business consists of casualty or financial lines coverage that attach in                                                                                              years for this business as well as for similar classes of business written excess of very high attachment points; thus the claims experience is marked                                                                                           above lower attachment points. the business can be written on a claims-made by very low frequency and high severity. because of the limited number of                                                                                             or occurrence basis. we use ground-up claim projections provided by our claims, loss development methods are not relied upon.                                                                                                                 claims staff to assist in developing the appropriate reserve.
aviation we generally use a combination of loss development                                                                                                                    expected loss ratio methods are methods and expected loss ratio methods for aviation exposures. aviation                                                                                              used to determine the loss reserves for the latest accident year. we also use claims are not very long-tail in nature; however, they are driven by claim                                                                                            ground-up claim projections provided by our claims staff to assist in severity. thus a combination of both development and expected loss ratio                                                                                              developing the appropriate reserve.
methods are used for all but the latest accident year to determine the loss reserves.
frequency/severity methods are not employed due to the high severity nature of the claims and different mix of claims from year to year.
personal auto we generally use frequency/severity                                                                                                                                   for many classes of business, methods and loss development methods for domestic personal auto classes.                                                                                              greater reliance is placed on frequency/severity methods as claim counts emerge quickly for personal auto and allow for more immediate analysis of resulting loss trends and comparisons to industry and other diagnostic metrics.
fidelity/surety we                                                                                                                                                                    expected generally use loss development methods for fidelity exposures for all but the                                                                                         loss ratio methods are also given weight for the more recent accident years.
latest accident year. for surety exposures, we generally use the same method                                                                                          for the latest accident year they may be given 100 percent weight.
as for short-tail classes (discussed below).
mortgage guaranty we test mortgage guaranty reserves                                                                                                                                    the reserve analysis projects using loss development methods, supplemented by an internal claim analysis by                                                                                         ultimate losses for claims within each of several reserving categories based actuaries and staff who specialize in the mortgage guaranty business.                                                                                                 on actual historical experience, using primarily a frequency/severity loss development approach. additional reserve tests are also employed, such as tests measuring losses as a percent of risk in force. reserves are reviewed separately for each line of business considering the loss development characteristics, volume of claim data available and applicability of various actuarial methods to each line.
reserves for mortgage guaranty insurance losses and loss adjustment expenses are established for reported mortgage loan delinquencies and estimates of delinquencies that have been incurred but have not been reported by loan servicers, based upon historical reporting trends. we establish reserves using a percentage of the contractual liability (for each delinquent loan reported) that is based upon projected claim experience for each category of delinquency, consistent in total with the overall reserve estimate.
mortgage guaranty losses and loss adjustment expenses have been affected by macroeconomic events, such as improving home prices and decreasing unemployment. because these macroeconomic events are subject to adverse or favorable change, the determination of the ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses requires a high degree of judgment. improving economic conditions have produced higher cure rates of delinquent loans in 2014, particularly in the most recent accident periods that may not continue in 2015. in addition, loans with modifications through government and lender programs may re-default resulting in new losses for mortgage guaranty if adverse economic conditions were to return. in addition to improved cure rates, the favorable economic trends have resulted in a decline of newly reported delinquencies. partially offsetting these favorable frequency trends were increases in severity, particularly for older delinquencies with larger delinquent interest costs, and a lower incidence of denied and rescinded claims.
other short-tail classes for non catastrophe business, we                                                                                                                                      where factors are used, they generally use either loss development methods or ibnr factor methods to set                                                                                           generally represent the percent of expected losses or other exposure measure reserves for short-tail classes such as property coverages.                                                                                                           yet to be reported. the factors are determined based on prior accident for natural catastrophe's,                                                                                                                                            quarter loss emergence. the factors are continually reevaluated in light of collaboration with the claims department and profit center management is done                                                                                         emerging claim experience as well as rate changes or other factors that could to determine the ultimate losses.                                                                                                                                     affect the adequacy of the ibnr factor being employed.
international business written by the non-life                                                                                                                                      we maintain a database of detailed insurance companies internationally includes both long-tail and short-tail                                                                                            historical premium and loss transactions in original currency for business classes of business. for long-tail classes of business, the actuarial methods                                                                                         written by the non-life insurance companies internationally. this allows our used are comparable to those described above. however, the majority of                                                                                                actuaries to determine the current reserves without any distortion from business written by the non-life insurance companies internationally is                                                                                               changes in exchange rates over time. our actuaries segment the international short-tail, high frequency and low severity in nature. for this business,                                                                                             data by region, country or class of business as appropriate to determine an loss development methods are generally employed to test the loss reserves.                                                                                            optimal balance between homogeneity and credibility. the techniques developed by our u.s. actuaries for certain commercial classes of business are increasingly applied to our international portfolios where the experience volume and data segmentation is comparable to that of the u.s. portfolios.
our actuaries work closely with the claims departments in each of our major international locations to determine the most appropriate methodology and assumptions.
loss adjustment expenses we determine reserves for legal                                                                                                                                       we generally determine reserves for defense and cost containment loss adjustment expenses for each class of                                                                                               adjuster loss adjustment expenses based on calendar year ratios of adjuster business by one or more actuarial or structural driver methods. the methods                                                                                           expenses paid to losses paid for the particular class of business. we generally include development methods comparable to those described for loss                                                                                          generally determine reserves for other unallocated loss adjustment expenses development methods. the development could be based on either the paid loss                                                                                           based on the ratio of the calendar year expenses paid to overall losses paid.
adjustment expenses or the ratio of paid loss adjustment expenses to paid                                                                                             this determination is generally done for all classes of business combined, losses, or both. other methods include the utilization of expected ultimate                                                                                           and reflects costs of home office claim overhead as a percent of losses paid.
ratios of paid loss expense to paid losses, based on actual experience from                                                                                           we may supplement our judgments with an analysis of loss and legal expense prior accident years or from similar classes of business.                                                                                                             mix change using predictive models that explicitly represent such mix change and detailed reviews with the claims department on the methods used to allocate the costs of the claims initiatives to new and in-force business and to different classes and sub-classes of business.
catastrophes and severe losses we conduct special analyses in                                                                                                                                        these analyses may include a response to major catastrophes and severe losses to estimate our gross and                                                                                            combination of approaches, including modeling estimates, ground-up claim net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses from those                                                                                               analysis, loss evaluation reports from on-site field adjusters, and market events.                                                                                                                                                               share estimates.
185

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates alternative loss cost trend and loss development factor assumptions by class of business for classes of business other than the classes discussed below, there is generally some potential for deviation in both the loss cost trend and loss development factor assumptions.
the effect of these deviations is expected to be smaller than the effect on the classes noted below:
loss cost trends:  the percentage deviations noted in the table below are not considered the highest possible deviations that might be expected, but rather what we consider to reflect a reasonably likely range of potential deviation. the impacts cited
193

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates below are only for the years using an expected loss ratio approach. actual loss cost trends in the early 1990s were negative for several years whereas actual loss cost trends exceeded the figures cited below for 1997 through 2001. loss trends may deviate by more than the amounts noted above and discussed below.
loss development factors:  the percentage deviations noted in the table below are not considered the highest possible deviations that might be expected, but rather what we consider to reflect a reasonably likely range of potential deviation. while multiple scenarios are performed, the assumed loss development factors are a key assumption. generally, actual historical loss development factors are used to project future loss development. future loss development patterns may be different from those in the past, or may deviate by more than the amounts noted above and discussed below.
aig's loss reserve analyses do not generally provide a range of loss reserve estimates. a large portion of the loss reserves from the non-life insurance companies business relates to longer-tail casualty classes of business, such as excess casualty and d&o, which are driven by severity rather than frequency of claims. using the reserving methodologies described above, our actuaries determine their actuarial central estimates of the loss reserves and advise management on their final recommendation for management's best estimate of the recorded reserves. subject matter experts from underwriting and claims play an important part in informing the actuarial assumptions and methods. the governance process over the establishment of loss reserves also ensures robust considerations of the changes in the loss trends, terms and conditions, claims handling practices, and large loss impact when determining the methods, assumptions and the estimations. this multi-disciplinary process engages underwriting, claims, risk management, business unit executives and senior management and involves several iterative levels of feedback and response during the regular reserving process.
the sensitivity analysis below addresses each major class of business for which there is a possibility of a material deviation from our overall reserve position. the analysis uses what we believe is a reasonably likely range of potential deviation for each class. actual reserve development may not be consistent with either the original or the adjusted loss trend or loss development factor assumptions, and other assumptions made in the reserving process may materially affect reserve development for a particular class of business.
class                                                                loss cost trend                                                                                                                                 loss of business                                                                                                                                                                                                      development factor

excess casualty the                                                                                       after assumed loss cost trend was approximately five percent in the 2014 reserve                evaluating the historical loss development factors from prior accident years review. after evaluating the historical loss cost trends from prior accident              since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that                loss development factors will range from approximately 2 percent below actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2014 loss reserve review               those actually utilized in the year-end 2014 reserve review to approximately 3 percent for excess casualty will range from 0 percent to positive ten percent.                    above those factors actually utilized. excess casualty is a long-tail class the loss cost trend assumption is critical for the excess casualty class of               of business and any deviation in loss development factors might not be business due to the long-tail nature of the claims and therefore is applied               discernible for an extended period of across many accident years. thus, there is the potential for the reserves                 time subsequent to the recording of the initial loss reserve estimates for any accident year. thus, there is the with respect to a number of accident years (the expected loss ratio years) to             potential for the reserves with respect to a number of accident years to be be significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends that were initially              significantly affected by changes in loss development factors that were relied upon in setting the reserves. these changes in loss trends could be attributable   initially relied upon in setting the reserves. these changes in loss to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or             development factors could be attributable to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or economic conditions affecting claims.                                                     economic conditions affecting claims.
d&amp;o and related management liability classes of business the assumed loss cost trend was approximately 2                                           the assumed loss development factors are also an percent. after evaluating the historical loss cost trends from prior accident             important assumption but less critical than for excess casualty. because these years since the early 1990s, including the potential effect of recent claims              classes are written on a claims made basis, the loss reporting and relating to the credit crisis, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that              development tail is much shorter than for excess casualty. however, the high actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2014 loss reserve review               severity nature of the claims does create the potential for significant for these classes will range from approximately 29 percent lower or 27 percent            deviations in loss development patterns from one year to the next. after higher than the assumption actually utilized in the year-end 2014 reserve                 evaluating the historical loss development factors for these classes of review. because the d&amp;o class of business has exhibited highly volatile               business for accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is loss trends from one accident year to the next, there is the possibility of               reasonably likely that actual loss development factors will range from approximately an exceptionally high deviation.                                                          6 percent lower to approximately 16 percent higher than those factors actually indicated in the year-end 2014 loss reserve review for these classes.
primary workers' compensation the                                                                                       generally, loss cost trend assumption is not believed to be material with respect to our             our actual historical workers' compensation loss development factors would be loss reserves. this is primarily because our actuaries are generally able to              expected to provide a reasonably accurate predictor of future loss use loss development projections for all but the most recent accident year's              development. however, workers' compensation is a long-tail class of business, reserves, so there is limited need to rely on loss cost trend assumptions for             and our business reflects a very significant volume of losses, particularly primary workers' compensation business.                                                   in recent accident years. after evaluating the actual historical loss development since the 1980s for this business, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual loss reserves will fall within the range of approximately 9 percent below to approximately 11 percent above those actually indicated in the year-end 2014 loss reserve review.
based on our sensitivity testing, we also estimate that a 1 percent rise in the future rate of inflation (pce deflator for health care services increased by
1 percent at the 30-year time horizon, with increases in the forward rate of inflation assumed to occur proportionally over time (i.e. the zero-year/1-year forward inflation rate would change by
1/30th of 1 percentage point)) would increase our ultimate loss cost estimates by approximately $210 million as of december 31, 2014.
in
2014, however, we corroborated our judgments using traditional loss development projections with three-dimensional loss development models incorporating accident year, development year and calendar year trends. this allowed us to consider for example, the effect of changing levels of inflation
(specifically the pce deflator for health care services) on our ultimate loss costs for medical benefits. these methodologies also facilitate a more quantitative assessment of the uncertainty in our estimates reflecting structural drivers of loss along each dimension.
excess workers'
compensation (run-off only)
loss                                                                                      excess costs were trended at six percent per annum. after reviewing actual industry              workers' compensation is an extremely long-tail class of business, with a loss trends for the past ten years, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely              much greater than normal uncertainty as to the appropriate loss development that actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2014 loss reserve                 factors for the tail of the loss development. after evaluating the historical review for excess workers' compensation will range five percent lower or                  loss development factors for prior accident years since the 1980s as well as higher than this estimated loss trend. however, given the small volume of                 the development over the past several years of the ground up claim business written in these years, the range in reserve estimates as a result               projections utilized to help select the loss development factors in the tail of varying these loss cost trends is not very wide.                                       for this class of business, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual loss development for excess workers' compensation could increase the current reserves by up to approximately $1.0 billion or decrease them by approximately $250 million.
194

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates
195

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates the following sensitivity analysis table summarizes the effect on the loss reserve position of using certain alternative loss cost trend (for accident years where we use expected loss ratio methods) or loss development factor assumptions rather than the assumptions actually used in determining our estimates in the year-end loss reserve analyses in 2014.
december 31, 2014              effect                                           effect on                                               on

(in millions)                       loss                                            loss reserves                                        reserves loss cost trends:                                  loss development factors:
excess casualty:                                   excess casualty:
5 percent increase                  $1,200         6 percent increase               $900
5 percent decrease                         (800)   3 percent decrease                        (650)
d&amp;o:                                           d&amp;o:
27 percent increase                        1,240   16 percent increase              935
29 percent decrease                        (925)   6 percent decrease                        (360)
excess workers' compensation:                      excess workers' compensation:
5 percent increase                         n/a     increase(b)                               1,000
5 percent decrease                         n/a     decrease (b)                              (250)
primary workers' compensation(a):                  primary workers' compensation:
11 percent increase(c)                    1,400
9 percent decrease(c)                   (1,100)
(a) loss cost trend assumption does not have a material impact for this line of business.
(b) percentages not applicable due to extremely long-tailed nature of workers' compensation.
(c) impact was determined based on analysis of aggregate variability of loss development assumptions.
reinsurance assets the estimation of reinsurance recoverable involves a significant amount of judgment, particularly for latent exposures, such as asbestos, due to their long-tail nature.  reinsurance assets include reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses that are estimated as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, are subject to similar judgments and uncertainties as the estimation of gross loss reserves.
we assess the collectability of reinsurance recoverable balances through either detailed reviews of the underlying nature of the reinsurance balance or comparisons with historical trends of disputes and credit events.  we record adjustments to reflect the results of these assessments through an allowance for uncollectable reinsurance that reduces the carrying amount of reinsurance assets in the balance sheet. this estimate requires significant judgment for which key considerations include:
•    paid and unpaid amounts recoverable;
•    whether the balance is in dispute or subject to legal collection;
•    whether the reinsurer is financially troubled (i.e., liquidated, insolvent, in receivership or otherwise subject to formal or informal regulatory restriction); and
•    whether collateral and collateral arrangements exist.
at december 31, 2014, the allowance for estimated unrecoverable reinsurance was $258 million.
see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on reinsurance.
future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts (life insurance companies)
long-duration traditional products include whole life insurance, term life insurance, accident and health insurance, long-term care insurance, and certain payout annuities for which the payment period is life-contingent, which include certain of our single premium immediate annuities and structured settlements.
196

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates for long-duration traditional business, a "lock-in" principle applies. the assumptions used to calculate the benefit liabilities and dac are set when a policy is issued and do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. the assumptions include mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses, and investment returns. these assumptions are typically consistent with pricing inputs. the assumptions also include margins for adverse deviation, principally for key assumptions such as mortality and interest rates used to discount cash flows, to reflect uncertainty given that actual experience might deviate from these assumptions. establishing margins at contract inception requires management judgment.  the extent of the margin for adverse deviation may vary depending on the uncertainty of the cash flows, which is affected by the volatility of the business and the extent of our experience with the product.
loss recognition occurs if observed changes in actual experience or estimates result in projected future losses under loss recognition testing. to determine whether loss recognition exists, we determine whether a future loss is expected based on updated current assumptions.  if a loss recognition exists, we recognize the loss by first reducing dac through amortization expense, and, if dac is depleted, record additional liabilities through a charge to policyholder benefit expense. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on loss recognition.  because of the long-term nature of many of our liabilities subject to the "lock-in" principle, small changes in certain assumptions may cause large changes in the degree of reserve adequacy. in particular, changes in estimates of future invested asset returns have a large effect on the degree of reserve deficiency.
groupings for loss recognition testing are consistent with our manner of acquiring and servicing the business and applied by product groupings.  we perform separate loss recognition tests for traditional life products, payout annuities, and long-term care insurance. once loss recognition has been recorded for a block of business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set used for the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle.  key judgments made in loss recognition tests include the following:
•    to determine investment returns used in loss recognition tests, we typically segregate assets that match liabilities and then project future cash flows on those assets.  our projections include a reasonable allowance for investment expenses and expected credit losses over the projection horizon. a critical assumption in the projection of expected investment income is the assumed net rate of investment return at which excess cash flows are to be reinvested.  for products in which asset and liability durations are matched relatively well, this is less of a consideration since interest on excess cash flows are not a significant component of future cash flows.  for the reinvestment rate assumption, anticipated future changes to the yield curves could have a large effect.  given the interest rate environment applicable at the date of our loss recognition tests, we assumed a modest and gradual increase in long-term interest rates over time.
•    for mortality assumptions, key judgments include the extent of industry versus own experience to base future assumptions as well as the extent of expected mortality improvements in the future.  the latter judgment is based on a combination of historical mortality trends, advice from industry public health and demography specialists that were consulted by aig's actuaries and published industry information.
•    for surrender rates, a key judgment involves the correlation between expected increases/decreases in interest rates and increases/decreases in surrender rates.  to support this judgment, we compare crediting rates on our products relative to expected rates on competing products under different interest scenarios.
•    for in-force long-term care insurance, rate increases are allowed but must be approved by state insurance regulators. consequently, the extent of rate increases that may be assumed requires judgment.  in establishing our assumption for rate increases for long-term care insurance, we consider historical experience as to the frequency and level of rate increases approved by state regulators.
the life operating segment recorded loss recognition expense of $87 million in 2014 and $67 million in 2012 to increase reserves for certain discontinued long-term care business as a result of updated assumptions. sales of investment securities in connection with our program to utilize capital loss carryforwards and other investment sales with subsequent reinvestment at lower yields triggered recording of loss recognition expense of $30 million, $1.5 billion and $1.2 billion in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, primarily related to certain long-term payout annuity contracts in the institutional markets and retirement operating segments. see results of operations - life insurance companies dac and reserves - loss recognition for additional discussion.
significant unrealized appreciation on investments in a prolonged low interest rate environment may cause dac to be adjusted and additional future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded through a charge directly to accumulated other comprehensive income ("shadow loss recognition"). these charges are included, net of tax, with the change in net unrealized appreciation of
197

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates investments.  see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on shadow loss recognition. in applying shadow loss recognition, the company overlays unrealized gains onto loss recognition tests without revising the underlying test.  accordingly, there is limited additional judgment in this process.
guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity products (life insurance companies)
variable annuity products offered by our retirement income solutions and group retirement product lines offer guaranteed benefit features. these guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb) that are payable in the event of death or other instances, and living benefits that are payable in the event of annuitization, or, in other instances, at specified dates during the accumulation period. living benefits include guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (gmwb), guaranteed minimum income benefits (gmib), and guaranteed minimum account value benefits (gmav). see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these features.  for gmdb, our most widely offered guaranteed benefit feature, the liabilities included in future policyholder benefits at december 31, 2014 and 2013 were $401 million and $355 million, respectively.  the fair value of gmwb and gmav embedded derivatives included in policyholder contract deposits was a net liability of $957 million at december 31, 2014 and a net asset of $37 million at december 31, 2013.
the liabilities for gmdb and gmib, which are recorded in future policyholder benefits, represent the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments, through policyholder benefits and losses incurred. the liabilities for gmwb and gmav, which are recorded in policyholder contract deposits, are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded in other realized capital gains (losses).
our exposure to the guaranteed amounts is equal to the amount by which the contract holder's account balance is below the amount provided by the guaranteed feature. a variable annuity contract may include more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for example, it may have both a gmdb and a gmwb. however, a policyholder can only receive payout from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death benefit and a living benefit, i.e. the features are mutually exclusive, so the exposure to the guaranteed amount for each feature is not additive to that of other features.  a policyholder cannot purchase more than one living benefit on one contract. declines in the equity markets, increased volatility and a sustained low interest rate environment increase our exposure to potential benefits under the guaranteed features, leading to an increase in the liabilities for those benefits. see estimated gross profits for investment-oriented products (life insurance) below for sensitivity analysis which includes the sensitivity of reserves for guaranteed benefit features to changes in the assumptions for equity market returns, volatility and mortality. for a further discussion of the risks related to guaranteed benefit features of variable annuities, our dynamic hedging program and risks of aig's unhedged exposures, see item 1a. - risk factors - business and operations.
the reserving methodology and assumptions used to measure the liabilities of our two largest guaranteed benefit features are presented in the following table:
reserving                                                                                                                             assumptions methodology                                                                                                                      and accounting judgments

gmdb we determine the gmdb liability at each balance sheet                                     key assumptions include :
date by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the                  •
projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably over the                     interest rates, which vary by year of issuance and products accumulation period based on total expected fees. see note 14 to the                      •
consolidated financial statements for additional information on how we                    mortality rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to reserve for variable annuity products with guaranteed benefit features.                   allow for variations in policy form
•
lapse rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to allow for variations in policy form
•
investment returns, using assumptions from a randomly generated model
• in applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of the gmdb liability, we use a "reversion to the mean" methodology, similar to that applied for dac. for a description of this methodology, see estimated gross profits for investment-oriented products (life insurance companies) below.
gmwb gmwb living benefits are embedded derivatives that are                                    the fair value of the embedded required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried at fair value.               derivatives is based on actuarial and capital market assumptions related to projected the fair value estimates of the living benefit guarantees include assumptions             cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. key assumptions include:
such as equity market returns, interest rates, market volatility, and                     •
policyholder behavior. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements               equity market returns for additional information on how we reserve for variable annuity products                •
with guaranteed benefit features, and note 5 to the consolidated financial statements     interest rates for information on fair value measurement of these embedded derivatives,                  •
including how aig incorporates its own non-performance risk.                              market volatility
•
benefits and related fees assessed, when applicable
•
policyholder behavior, including mortality, exercise of guarantees and policy lapses. estimates of future policyholder behavior are subjective and based primarily on our historical experience
•
in applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of gmwbs, we use market-consistent assumptions consistent with fair value measurement
•
allocation of fees between the embedded derivative and host contract
198

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates estimated gross profits for investment-oriented products (life insurance companies)
policy acquisition costs and policy issuance costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing insurance contracts related to universal life and investment-type products (collectively, investment-oriented products) are generally deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of estimated gross profits to be realized over a period that approximates the estimated lives of the contracts, except in instances where significant negative gross profits are expected in one or more periods. estimated gross profits include net investment income and spreads, net realized investment gains and losses, fees, surrender charges, expenses, and mortality gains and losses. in estimating future gross profits, lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on dac amortization. for fixed deferred annuity contracts, the future spread between investment income and interest credited to policyholders is a significant judgment, particularly in a low interest rate environment.
if the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change significantly, dac and related reserves, including voba, sia, guaranteed benefit reserves and urr, are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. updating such assumptions may result in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization in other products.
in estimating future gross profits for variable annuity products, a long-term annual asset growth assumption of 8.5% (before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are projected) is applied to estimate the future growth in assets and related asset-based fees.  in determining the asset growth rate, the effect of short-term fluctuations in the equity markets is partially mitigated through the use of a "reversion to the mean" methodology, whereby short-term asset growth above or
199

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates below the long-term annual rate assumption impacts the growth assumption applied to the five-year period subsequent to the current balance sheet date. the reversion to the mean methodology allows us to maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also giving consideration to the effect of actual investment performance.  when actual performance significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions for the five-year reversion to the mean period falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate (cap) for a sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or "unlock" the growth rate assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean period as well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent periods.  the use of a reversion to the mean assumption is common within the industry; however, the parameters used in the methodology are subject to judgment and vary within the industry.
in the fourth quarter of 2013, we revised the growth rate assumptions for the five-year reversion to the mean period for the group retirement product line, because annual growth assumptions indicated for that period had fallen below our floor of zero percent due to the favorable performance of equity markets.  for this five-year reversion to the mean period, the growth rate assumption was adjusted to a point between the long-term growth rate assumption and zero percent.  this adjustment increased retirement pre-tax operating income by $35 million in 2013.  had we readjusted the growth rate assumption for the five-year reversion to the mean period to use the long-term rate assumption of 8.5%, pre-tax income would have been higher by approximately $30 million. conversely, had the growth rate assumption for the five-year reversion to the mean period been readjusted to a floor of zero percent, pre-tax income would have been lower by approximately $30 million.  for variable annuities in our retirement income solutions product line, the assumed annual growth rate has remained above zero percent for the five-year reversion to the mean period, so it has not met our criteria for adjustment; however, additional favorable equity market performance in excess of long-term assumptions could also result in "unlocking" in this product line in future periods with a positive effect on pre-tax income in the period of the unlocking.
the following table summarizes the sensitivity of changes in certain assumptions in the amortization of dac, sia, guaranteed benefit reserves and urr, and the related hypothetical impact on year-end 2014 balances. the effect of changes in net investment spread primarily affects our fixed annuities product line.  changes in equity returns, volatility and interest rates primarily impact reserves for guarantee features of variable annuities in our retirement income solutions and group retirement product lines. the effect of changes in mortality primarily impacts the universal life insurance business.
guaranteed        unearned          net

december 31, 2014                                                benefits         revenue         pre-tax
(in millions)                                   dac/sia           reserve       liability        earnings assumptions:
net investment spread effect of an increase by 10 basis points           $117              $(5)              $5            $117
effect of a decrease by 10 basis points           (120)                 5             (5)           (120)
equity return(a)
effect of an increase by 1%                          38              (55)               -              93
effect of a decrease by 1%                         (37)                56               -            (93)
volatility (b)
effect of an increase by 1%                           -                14               -            (14)
effect of a decrease by 1%                            -              (14)               -              14
interest rate(c)
effect of an increase by 10 basis points              -             (134)               -             134
effect of a decrease by 10 basis points               -               134               -           (134)
mortality effect of an increase by 1%                         (9)                22             (2)            (29)
effect of a decrease by 1%                           10              (22)               3              29
(a) represents the net impact of 1 percent increase or decrease in long-term equity returns for gmdb and gmib reserves and negligible net impact of 1 percent increase or decrease in the s&p 500 index for living benefit reserves.
(b) represents the net impact of 1 percentage point increase or decrease in implied volatility.
(c) represents the net impact of 10 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve on the reserves for gmwb and gmav living benefit features. does not represent interest rate spread compression on investment-oriented products.
the analysis of dac, guaranteed benefits reserve and unearned revenue liability is a dynamic process that considers all relevant factors and assumptions described above. we estimate each of the above factors individually, without the effect of
200

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates any correlation among the key assumptions. an assessment of sensitivity associated with changes in any single assumption would not necessarily be an indicator of future results. the effects on pre-tax earnings in the sensitivity analysis table above do not reflect the related effects from our economic hedging program, which utilizes derivative and other financial instruments and is designed so that changes in value of those instruments move in the opposite direction of changes in the guaranteed benefit embedded derivative liabilities. for a further discussion on guaranteed benefit features of our variable annuities, our dynamic hedging program and risks of aig's unhedged exposures, see item 1a. - risk factors - business and operations and notes 5 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
impairment charges other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale securities at each balance sheet date, we evaluate our available for sale securities holdings with unrealized losses.
see the discussion in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the methodology and significant inputs, by security type, that we use to determine the amount of other-than-temporary impairment on fixed maturity and equity securities.
impairments on investments in life settlements impairments to investments in life settlements may occur in the future due to the fact that continued payment of premiums required to maintain policies will cause the expected lifetime undiscounted cash flows for some policies to become negative in future reporting periods, even in the absence of future changes to the mortality assumptions. impairments may also occur due to our future sale or lapse of select policies at a value that is below carrying amount.
for a discussion of impairments on investments in life settlements, see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill impairment for a discussion of goodwill impairment, see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. in 2014 and 2013, aig elected to bypass the qualitative assessment of whether goodwill impairment may exist and, therefore, performed quantitative assessments that supported a conclusion that the fair value of all of the reporting units tested exceeded their book value. to determine fair value, we primarily use a discounted expected future cash flow analysis that estimates and discounts projected future distributable earnings.  such analysis is principally based on aig's business projections that inherently include judgments regarding business trends.
liability for legal contingencies we estimate and record a liability for potential losses that may arise from litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent such losses are probable and can be estimated. determining a reasonable estimate of the amount of such losses requires significant management judgment. in many cases, it is not possible to determine whether a liability has been incurred or to estimate the ultimate or minimum amount of that liability until the matter is close to resolution. in view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, particularly in cases that are in the early stages of litigation or in which claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages, we often cannot predict the outcome or estimate the eventual loss or range of reasonably possible losses related to such matters.
for more information on legal, regulatory and litigation matters, see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
201

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates fair value measurements of certain financial assets and financial liabilities see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about the measurement of fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities and our accounting policy regarding the incorporation of credit risk in fair value measurements.
the following table presents the fair value of fixed maturity and equity securities by source of value determination:
december 31, 2014                    fair   percent

(in billions)                                  value        of total fair value based on external sources(a)         $267        94   %
fair value based on internal sources              18         6
total fixed maturity and equity                 $285       100   %
securities(b)
(a) includes $27.3 billion for which the primary source is broker quotes.
(b) includes available for sale and other securities.
level 3 assets and liabilities assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets are measured and classified in a hierarchy for disclosure purposes consisting of three "levels" based on the observability of inputs available in the marketplace used to measure the fair value. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the following table presents the amount of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as level 3:
december 31,   percentage            december   percentage
31,

(in billions)                2014     of total                2013           of total assets                      $44.4          8.6   %           $46.7          8.6   %
liabilities                   2.9          0.7                 2.3          0.5
level 3 fair value measurements are based on valuation techniques that use at least one significant input that is unobservable. we consider unobservable inputs to be those for which market data is not available and that are developed using the best information available about the assumptions that market participants would use when valuing the asset or liability. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment.
we classify fair value measurements for certain assets and liabilities as level 3 when they require significant unobservable inputs in their valuation, including contractual terms, prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment rates, default rates, mortality rates and correlations of such inputs.
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the valuation methodologies for assets and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as a discussion of transfers of level 3 assets and liabilities.
202

table of contents item 7 / critical accounting estimates glossary

accident year the annual calendar accounting period in which loss events occurred, regardless of when the losses are actually reported, booked or paid.
accident year combined ratio, as adjusted the combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve discounting.
accident year loss ratio, as adjusted the loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve discounting.
acquisition ratio acquisition costs divided by net premiums earned.  acquisition costs are those costs incurred to acquire new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the amortization of value of business acquired (voba) and deferred policy acquisition costs (dac). acquisition costs vary with sales and include, but are not limited to, commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs, certain costs of personnel engaged in sales support activities such as underwriting, and the change in dac.  acquisition costs that are incremental and directly related to successful sales efforts are deferred and recognized over the coverage periods of related insurance contracts.  acquisition costs that are not incremental and directly related to successful sales efforts are recognized as incurred.
base spread net investment income excluding income from alternative investments and enhancements, less interest credited excluding amortization of sales inducement assets.
bet  binomial expansion technique  a model that generates expected loss estimates for cdo tranches and derives a credit rating for those tranches.
book value per common share excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (aoci) is a non-gaap measure and is used to show the amount of our net worth on a per-share basis. book value per common share excluding aoci is derived by dividing total aig shareholders' equity, excluding aoci, by total common shares outstanding.
casualty insurance insurance that is primarily associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e., not the insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result.
catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on aig in excess of $10 million each.
combined ratio sum of the loss ratio and the acquisition and general operating expense ratios.
csa  credit support annex  a legal document that provides for collateral postings at various ratings and threshold levels.
cva  credit valuation adjustment  the cva adjusts the valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of our counterparty with respect to all net derivative assets positions. also, the cva reflects the fair value movement in the dib's asset portfolio that is attributable to credit movements only without the impact of other market factors such as interest rates and foreign exchange rates. finally, the cva also accounts for our own credit risk, in the fair value measurement of all net derivative liabilities positions and liabilities where aig has elected the fair value option, when appropriate.
dac  deferred policy acquisition costs  deferred costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business.
dac related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments  an adjustment to dac for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in dac amortization that would have been recorded if fixed maturity and equity securities available for sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields (also referred to as "shadow dac"). the change in this adjustment, net of tax, is included with the change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments that is credited or charged directly to other comprehensive income (loss).
expense ratio sum of acquisition expenses and general operating expenses, divided by net premiums earned.
first-lien  priority over all other liens or claims on a property in the event of default on a mortgage.
general operating expense ratio general operating expenses divided by net premiums earned. general operating expenses are those costs that are generally attributed to the support infrastructure of the organization and include but are not limited to personnel costs, projects and bad debt expenses. general operating expenses exclude losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and investment expenses.
gic/gia guaranteed investment contract/guaranteed investment agreement  a contract whereby the seller provides a guaranteed repayment of principal and a fixed or floating interest rate for a predetermined period of time.
203

table of contents glossary g-sii  global systemically important insurer  an insurer that is deemed globally systemically important (that is, of such size, market importance and global interconnectedness that the distress or failure of the insurer would cause significant dislocation in the global financial system and adverse economic consequences across a range of countries) by the financial stability board, in consultation with and based on a methodology developed by the international association of insurance supervisors.
ibnr  incurred but not reported  estimates of claims that have been incurred but not reported to us.
lae  loss adjustment expenses  the expenses of settling claims, including legal and other fees and the portion of general expenses allocated to claim settlement costs.
loss ratio losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred divided by net premiums earned. loss adjustment expenses are directly attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and include, but are not limited to, legal fees, adjuster's fees, and claims department personnel costs.
loss reserve development  the increase or decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses as a result of the re-estimation of liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses at successive valuation dates for a given group of claims.
loss reserves  liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. the estimated ultimate cost of settling claims relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date.
ltv  loan-to-value ratio  principal amount of loan amount divided by appraised value of collateral securing the loan.
master netting agreement  an agreement between two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts, as well as cash collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of default on or upon termination of any one contract.
net premiums written  represent the sales of an insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a given period. net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering risk during a given period. net premiums written are a measure of performance for a sales period while net premiums earned are a measure of performance for a coverage period. from the period in which the premiums are written until the period in which they are earned, the amount is presented as unearned premium reserves in the consolidated balance sheets.
nonbank sifi  nonbank systemically important financial institutions  financial institutions are deemed nonbank systemically important (that is, the failure of the financial institution could pose a threat to the financial stability of the united states) by the financial stability oversight council based on a three-stage analytical process.
noncontrolling interest  the portion of equity ownership in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable to the controlling parent company.
policy fees  an amount added to a policy premium, or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder account, to reflect the cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required records, sending premium notices and other related expenses.
pool  a reinsurance arrangement whereby all of the underwriting results of the pool members are combined and then shared by each member in accordance with its pool participation percentage. prior to january 1, 2014, aig maintained two pools (the admitted lines pool and the surplus lines pool. our members in the admitted lines pool are licensed to write standard lines of business by the individual state departments of insurance, and the policy forms and rates are regulated by those departments.  our members in the surplus lines pool provide policyholders with insurance coverage for risks which are generally not available in the standard insurance market. surplus lines policy forms and rates are not regulated by the insurance departments. effective january 1, 2014, these two pools were merged into one combined pool (the combined pool).
premiums and deposits - institutional markets include direct and assumed amounts received and earned on group benefit policies and life-contingent payout annuities, deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts including gics.
premiums and deposits - retirement and  - life include direct and assumed amounts received on traditional life insurance policies, group benefit policies and deposits on life-contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds.
prior year development  increase or decrease in estimates of losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred for prior years that is included in earnings.
rbc  risk-based capital  a formula designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer's statutory surplus compared to the risks inherent in its business.
reinstatement premium  additional premiums payable to reinsurers to restore coverage limits that have been exhausted as a result of reinsured losses under certain excess of loss reinsurance treaties.
204

table of contents glossary reinsurance  the practice whereby one insurer, the reinsurer, in consideration of a premium paid to that insurer, agrees to indemnify another insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the liability of the ceding company under one or more policies or contracts of insurance which it has issued.
rescission  denial of claims and termination of coverage on loans related to fraudulent or undocumented claims, underwriting guideline violations and other deviations from contractual terms.
retained interest category within aig's corporate and other that includes the fair value gains or losses, prior to their sale, of the aia ordinary shares retained following the aia group limited initial public offering and the fair value gains or losses, prior to the frbny liquidation of maiden lane iii llc assets in 2012, on the retained interest in maiden lane iii llc.
retroactive reinsurance  see deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance.
salvage  the amount that can be recovered by us for the sale of damaged goods for which our policyholder has been indemnified (and to which title was transferred to us).
second-lien  subordinate in ranking to the first-lien holder claims on a property in the event of default on a mortgage.
severe losses individual non-catastrophe first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.  severe losses include claims related to satellite explosions, plane crashes, and shipwrecks.
sia  sales inducement asset  represents amounts that are credited to policyholder account balances related to the enhanced crediting rates that a seller offers on certain of its annuity products.
solvency ii  legislation in the european union which reforms the insurance industry's solvency framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance requirements, risk management and public reporting standards.  the solvency ii directive (2009/138/eec), was adopted on november 25, 2009 and is expected to become effective on january 1, 2016.
subrogation  the amount of recovery for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a negligent third party or such party's insurer.
surrender charge  a charge levied against an investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or annuity contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement.
surrender rate represents annualized surrenders and withdrawals as a percentage of average account value.
unearned premium reserve  liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect unearned premiums which are usually refundable to policyholders if an insurance or reinsurance contract is canceled prior to expiration of the contract term.
voba  value of business acquired  present value of projected future gross profits from in-force policies from acquired businesses.
205

table of contents glossary acronyms

a&amp;h accident and health                            gmib guaranteed minimum insurance                                         income benefits

abs                                                             gmwb guaranteed minimum asset-backed                                                    withdrawal benefits securities cdo                                                             isda international collateralized                                                  swaps and derivatives association, inc.
debt obligations cds                                                             naic national credit                                                          association of insurance commissioners default swap clo                                                             nm not meaningful collateralized loan obligations cma                                                             otc over-the-counter capital maintenance agreement cmbs                                                            otti other-than-temporary commercial                                                      impairment mortgage-backed securities egps estimated gross                                            rmbs residential profits                                                         mortgage-backed securities fasb                                                            s&amp;p standard &amp;
financial                                                       poor's financial services llc accounting standards board frbny                                                           sec securities and federal                                                         exchange commission reserve bank of new york gaap                                                            urr unearned revenue accounting                                                      reserve principles generally accepted in the united states of america gmav                                                            vie variable interest guaranteed                                                      entity minimum account value benefits gmdb guaranteed minimum death benefits
206

table of contents acronyms
