item 1a.   risk factors.
you should consider carefully the following risks when reading the information, including the financial information, contained in this annual report on form 10-k.
adverse conditions in the global economy and volatility and disruption of financial markets can negatively impact our customers and suppliers and therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
a global economic downturn may reduce customer demand or inhibit our ability to produce our products, negatively impacting our operating results. our business and operating results have been and will continue to be sensitive to global economic downturns (including credit market tightness which can impact our liquidity as well as our customers and suppliers), declining consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices, volatile exchange rates and other challenges that can affect the global economy. our customers may experience deterioration of their businesses, cash flow shortages and difficulty obtaining financing. as a result, existing or potential customers can delay or cancel plans to purchase products and may not be able to fulfill their obligations in a timely fashion. further, suppliers may be experiencing similar conditions, which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. if the current weakness in much of the global economy continues for an extended period or deepens significantly, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
our inability to pass through increases in costs and expenses for raw materials and energy, on a timely basis or at all, could have an adverse effect on the margins of our products and our results of operations.
in general, raw material costs account for a significant percentage of our total costs of products sold. our raw material and energy costs can be volatile and may increase significantly. increases are primarily driven by significantly tighter market conditions and major increases in the pricing of basic building blocks for our products such as lithium brine, bromine, crude oil,
10
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries chlorine and metals (including molybdenum and rare earths which are used in the refinery catalysts business). we generally attempt to pass through changes in the prices of raw materials and energy to our customers, but we may be unable to or be delayed in doing so. our inability to efficiently and effectively pass through price increases, or inventory impacts resulting from price volatility, could adversely affect our margins. in addition to raising prices, raw material suppliers may extend lead times or limit supplies. constraints on the supply or delivery of energy or critical raw materials could disrupt production and adversely affect the performance of our business.
we face competition from other specialty chemical companies, which places downward pressure on the prices and margins of our products.
we operate in a highly competitive marketplace, competing against a number of global specialty chemical producers. competition is based on several key criteria, including product performance and quality, product price, product availability and security of supply and responsiveness of product development in cooperation with customers and customer service. some of our competitors are larger than we are and may have greater financial resources. in addition, our products are facing increasing competition from market participants in china. these competitors may also be able to maintain significantly greater operating and financial flexibility than we do. as a result, these competitors may be better able to withstand changes in conditions within our industry, changes in the prices of raw materials and energy and in general economic conditions. additionally, competitors' pricing decisions could compel us to decrease our prices, which could affect our margins and profitability adversely. our ability to maintain or increase our profitability is, and will continue to be, dependent upon our ability to offset decreases in the prices and margins of our products by improving production efficiency and volume, shifting to higher margin chemical products and improving existing products through innovation and research and development. if we are unable to do so or to otherwise maintain our competitive position, we could lose market share to our competitors.
within the end-use markets in which we compete, competition between products is intense. substitute products also exist for many of our products. therefore, we face substantial risk that certain events, such as new product development by our competitors, changing customer needs, production advances for competing products, price changes in raw materials and products, our failure to secure patents or the expiration of patents, could result in declining demand for our products as our customers switch to substitute products or undertake manufacturing of such products on their own. if we are unable to develop, produce or market our products to effectively compete against our competitors, our results of operations may materially suffer.
we believe that our customers are increasingly looking for strong, long-term relationships with a few key suppliers that help them improve product performance, reduce costs, or support new product development. to satisfy these growing customer requirements, our competitors have been consolidating within product lines through mergers and acquisitions. we may also need to invest and spend more on research and development and marketing costs to strengthen existing customer relationships, as well as attract new customers. our indebtedness could limit our flexibility to react to these industry trends and our ability to remain competitive.
albemarle's brands, product image and trademarks represent the unique product identity of each of our products and are important symbols of the company's reputation. accordingly, the performance of our business could be adversely affected by any marketing and promotional materials used by our competitors that make false or unsubstantiated claims, implies immoral or improper conduct or is otherwise disparaging to our company or its products. further, our own actions could hurt such brands, product image and trademarks if our products underperform or we otherwise draw negative publicity.
downturns in our customers' cyclical industries could adversely affect our sales and profitability.
downturns in the businesses that use our specialty chemicals will adversely affect our sales. many of our customers are in industries, including the electronics, building and construction, oilfield and automotive industries, that are cyclical in nature and sensitive to changes in general economic conditions. historically, downturns in general economic conditions have resulted in diminished product demand, excess manufacturing capacity and lower average selling prices, and we may experience similar problems in the future. a decline in economic conditions in our customers' cyclical industries may have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
our results are subject to fluctuation because of irregularities in the demand for our hpc catalysts and certain of our agrichemicals.
our hpc catalysts are used by petroleum refiners in their processing units to reduce the quantity of sulfur and other impurities in petroleum products. the effectiveness of hpc catalysts diminishes with use, requiring the hpc catalysts to be replaced, on average, once every one to three years. the sales of our hpc catalysts, therefore, are largely dependent on the useful life cycle of the hpc catalysts in the processing units and may vary materially by quarter. in addition, the timing and
11
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries profitability of hpc catalysts sales can have a significant impact on revenue and profit in any one quarter. sales of our agrichemicals are also subject to fluctuation as demand varies depending on climate and other environmental conditions, which may prevent or reduce farming for extended periods. in addition, crop pricing and timing of when farms alternate from one crop to another crop in a particular year can also alter sales of agrichemicals.
changes in our customers' products can reduce the demand for our specialty chemicals.
our customers use our specialty chemicals for a broad range of applications. changes in our customers' products or processes may enable our customers to reduce consumption of the specialty chemicals that we produce or make our specialty chemicals unnecessary. customers may also find alternative materials or processes that no longer require our products. should a customer decide to use a different material due to price, performance or other considerations, we may not be able to supply a product that meets the customer's new requirements. consequently, it is important that we develop new products to replace the sales of products that mature and decline in use. our business, results of operations, cash flows and margins could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to manage successfully the maturation of our existing products and the introduction of new products.
our research and development efforts may not succeed and our competitors may develop more effective or successful products.
the specialty chemicals industry is subject to periodic technological change and ongoing product improvements. in order to maintain our margins and remain competitive, we must successfully develop, manufacture and market new or improved products. as a result, we must commit substantial resources each year to research and development. ongoing investments in research and development for future products could result in higher costs without a proportional increase in revenues. additionally, for any new product program, there is a risk of technical or market failure in which case we may not be able to develop the new commercial products needed to maintain our competitive position or we may need to commit additional resources to new product development programs. moreover, new products may have lower margins than the products they replace.
our industries and the end-use markets into which we sell our products experience periodic technological change and product improvement. manufacturers periodically introduce new generations of products or require new technological capacity to develop customized products. our future growth will depend on our ability to gauge the direction of the commercial and technological progress in all key end-use markets and upon our ability to fund and successfully develop, manufacture and market products in such changing end-use markets. we will have to continue to identify, develop, market and in certain cases, secure regulatory approval for innovative products on a timely basis to replace or enhance existing products in order to maintain our profit margins and our competitive position. we may not be successful in developing new products and/or technology, either alone or with third parties, or licensing intellectual property rights from third parties on a commercially competitive basis. our new products may not be accepted by our customers or may fail to receive regulatory approval. if we fail to keep pace with the evolving technological innovations in our end-use markets on a competitive basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we also expect competition to increase as our competitors develop and introduce new and enhanced products. as new products enter the market, our products may become obsolete or competitors' products may be marketed more effectively than our products. if we fail to develop new products, maintain or improve our margins with our new products or keep pace with technological developments, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will suffer.
our inability to protect our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
protection of our proprietary processes, methods and compounds and other technology is important to our business. we generally rely on patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright laws of the u.s. and certain other countries in which our products are produced or sold, as well as licenses and nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements, to protect our intellectual property rights. the patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright laws of some countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the u.s. failure to protect our intellectual property rights may result in the loss of valuable proprietary technologies. additionally, some of our technologies are not covered by any patent or patent application and, even if a patent application has been filed, it may not result in an issued patent. if patents are issued to us, those patents may not provide meaningful protection against competitors or against competitive technologies. we cannot assure you that our intellectual property rights will not be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or rendered unenforceable.
12
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we also conduct research and development activities with third parties and license certain intellectual property rights from third parties and we plan to continue to do so in the future. we endeavor to license or otherwise obtain intellectual property rights on terms favorable to us. however, we may not be able to license or otherwise obtain intellectual property rights on such terms or at all. our inability to license or otherwise obtain such intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our ability to create a competitive advantage and create innovative solutions for our customers, which will adversely affect our net sales and our relationships with our customers.
we could face patent infringement claims from our competitors or others alleging that our processes or products infringe on their proprietary technologies. if we are found to be infringing on the proprietary technology of others, we may be liable for damages and we may be required to change our processes, redesign our products partially or completely, pay to use the technology of others, stop using certain technologies or stop producing the infringing product entirely. even if we ultimately prevail in an infringement suit, the existence of the suit could prompt customers to switch to products that are not the subject of infringement suits. we may not prevail in intellectual property litigation and such litigation may result in significant legal costs or otherwise impede our ability to produce and distribute key products.
we also rely upon unpatented proprietary manufacturing expertise, continuing technological innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. while we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to protect our intellectual property, we cannot assure you that our confidentiality agreements will not be breached, that they will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing expertise or that adequate remedies will be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or manufacturing expertise.
our business and operations could suffer in the event of cyber-security breaches.
attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems become more sophisticated over time. these attempts, which might be related to industrial or other espionage, include covertly introducing malware to our computers and networks and impersonating authorized users, among others. we seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but in some cases we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. the theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business. to the extent that any cyber-security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our customers' or licensees' confidential information, we may incur liability as a result.
our substantial international operations subject us to risks of doing business in foreign countries, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we conduct a substantial portion of our business outside of the u.s. we expect sales from international markets to continue to represent a significant portion of our net sales and the net sales of our joint ventures. accordingly, our business is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. risks inherent in international operations include the following:
•   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may affect product demand and may adversely affect the profitability in u.s. dollars of products and services we provide in international markets where payment for our products and services is made in the local currency;
•   transportation and other shipping costs may increase;
•   intellectual property rights may be more difficult to enforce;
•   increased cost of, and decreased availability of raw materials;
•   changes in foreign laws and tax rates or u.s. laws and tax rates with respect to foreign income may unexpectedly increase the rate at which our income is taxed, impose new and additional taxes on remittances, repatriation or other payments by subsidiaries, or cause the loss of previously recorded tax benefits;
•   foreign countries may adopt other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls;
•   trade sanctions could result in losing access to customers and suppliers in those countries;
•   unexpected adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements may occur;
•   agreements may be difficult to enforce and receivables difficult to collect;
•   compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations may be burdensome;
•   compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws may be costly;
•   unexpected adverse changes in export duties, quotas and tariffs and difficulties in obtaining export licenses;
13
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
•   general economic conditions in the countries in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our earnings from operations in those countries;
•   foreign operations may experience staffing difficulties and labor disputes;
•   foreign governments may nationalize private enterprises; and
•   our business and profitability in a particular country could be affected by political or economic repercussions from terrorist activities and the response to such activities, the possibility of hyperinflationary conditions and political instability in certain countries.
in addition, certain of our joint ventures operate, and we have ongoing capital projects in, high-risk regions of the world such as the middle east and south america. unanticipated events such as geopolitical changes could result in a write-down of our investment in the affected joint venture or a delay or cancellation of those capital projects, which could negatively impact our future growth and profitability. our success as a global business will depend, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions by developing, implementing and maintaining policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we and our joint ventures do business.
furthermore, our subsidiaries are subject to rules and regulations related to anti-bribery prohibitions of the u.s. and other countries and export controls and economic embargoes, violations of which may carry substantial penalties. for example, export control and economic embargo regulations limit the ability of our subsidiaries to market, sell, distribute or otherwise transfer their products or technology to prohibited countries or persons. failure to comply with these regulations could subject our subsidiaries to fines, enforcement actions and/or have an adverse effect on our reputation and the value of our common stock.
we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, which may adversely affect our operating results and net income.
we conduct our business and incur costs in the local currency of most of the countries in which we operate. the financial condition and results of operations of each foreign operating subsidiary and joint venture are reported in the relevant local currency and then translated to u.s. dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. changes in exchange rates between these foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar will affect the recorded levels of our assets, liabilities, net sales, cost of goods sold and operating margins and could result in exchange losses. the primary currencies to which we have exposure are the european union euro, japanese yen, british pound sterling, korean won, chinese renminbi, brazilian real and the u.s. dollar (in certain of our foreign locations). exchange rates between these currencies and the u.s. dollar in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. with respect to our potential exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and devaluations, for the year ended december 31, 2014, approximately 26% of our net sales were denominated in such currencies. significant changes in these foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar could also have an adverse effect on our ability to meet interest and principal payments on any foreign currency-denominated debt outstanding. in addition to currency translation risks, we incur currency transaction risks whenever one of our operating subsidiaries or joint ventures enters into either a purchase or a sales transaction using a different currency from its functional currency. our operating results and net income may be affected by any volatility in currency exchange rates and our ability to manage effectively our currency transaction and translation risks.
our business could be adversely affected by environmental, health and safety laws and regulations to which our raw materials, products and facilities are subject.
in the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated properties. further, some of the raw materials we handle are subject to government regulation. these regulations affect the manufacturing processes, handling, uses and applications of our products. in addition, our production facilities and a number of our distribution centers require numerous operating permits that are subject to renewal. due to the nature of these requirements and changes in our operations, our operations may exceed limits under permits or we may not have the proper permits to operate our operations. ongoing compliance with such laws, regulations and permits is an important consideration for us and we incur substantial capital and operating costs in our compliance efforts. environmental laws have become increasingly strict in recent years. we expect this trend to continue and anticipate that compliance will continue to require increased capital expenditures and operating costs.
compliance with environmental laws generally increases the costs of manufacturing, the cost of registration/approval requirements, the costs of transportation and storage of raw materials and finished products, as well as the costs of the storage and disposal of wastes, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. we may incur substantial costs, including fines, damages, criminal or civil sanctions and remediation costs, or experience interruptions in our operations, for
14
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries violations arising under these laws or permit requirements. furthermore, environmental laws are subject to change and have tended to become stricter over time. such changes in environmental laws or their interpretation, or the enactment of new environmental laws, could result in materially increased capital expenditures and compliance costs.
violations of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may subject us to fines, penalties and other liabilities and may require us to change certain business practices or curtail production.
if we violate environmental, health and safety laws or regulations, in addition to being required to correct such violations, we can be held liable in administrative, civil or criminal proceedings for substantial fines and other sanctions could be imposed that could disrupt or limit our operations. liabilities associated with the investigation and cleanup of hazardous substances, as well as personal injury, property damages or natural resource damages arising from the release of, or exposure to, such hazardous substances, may be imposed in many situations without regard to violations of laws or regulations or other fault, and may also be imposed jointly and severally (so that a responsible party may be held liable for more than its share of the losses involved, or even the entire loss). such liabilities may also be imposed on many different entities with a relationship to the hazardous substances at issue, including, for example, entities that formerly owned or operated the property affected by the hazardous substances and entities that arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances at the affected property, as well as entities that currently own or operate such property. such liabilities can be difficult to identify and the extent of any such liabilities can be difficult to predict. we use, and in the past have used, hazardous substances at many of our facilities, and we have in the past, and may in the future, be subject to claims relating to exposure to hazardous materials and the associated liabilities may be material. we also have generated, and continue to generate, hazardous wastes at a number of our facilities. some of our facilities also have lengthy histories of manufacturing or other activities that have resulted in site contamination. we have also given contractual indemnities for environmental conditions relating to facilities we no longer own or operate. the nature of our business, including historical operations at our current and former facilities, exposes us to risks of liability under these laws and regulations due to the production, storage, use, transportation and sale of materials that can cause contamination or personal injury if released into the environment. additional information may arise in the future concerning the nature or extent of our liability with respect to identified sites, and additional sites may be identified for which we are alleged to be liable, that could cause us to materially increase our environmental accrual or the upper range of the costs we believe we could reasonably incur for such matters.
we may be subject to indemnity claims and liable for other payments relating to properties or businesses we have divested.
in connection with the sale of certain properties and businesses, we have agreed to indemnify the purchasers for certain types of matters, such as certain breaches of representations and warranties, taxes and certain environmental matters.
with respect to environmental matters, the discovery of contamination arising from properties that we have divested may expose us to indemnity obligations under the sale agreements with the buyers of such properties or cleanup obligations and other damages under applicable environmental laws.
we may not have insurance coverage for such indemnity obligations or cash flows to make such indemnity or other payments. further, we cannot predict the nature of and the amount of any indemnity or other obligations we may have to the applicable purchaser. such payments may be costly and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
contractual indemnities may be ineffective in protecting us from environmental liabilities.
at several of our properties where hazardous substances are known to exist (including some sites where hazardous substances are being investigated or remediated), we believe we are entitled to contractual indemnification from one or more former owners or operators; however, in the event we make a claim, the indemnifier may disagree with us or not have the financial capacity to fulfill its indemnity obligation. if our contractual indemnity is not upheld or effective, our accrual and/or our costs for the investigation and cleanup of hazardous substances could increase materially.
we may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change.
growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional regulations or restrictions to which we may become subject. climate changes include changes in rainfall and in storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, significantly changing sea levels and increasing atmospheric and water temperatures, among others. for example, there has been increasing concern regarding the declining water level of the dead sea, from which our joint venture, jbc, produces bromine. a number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to climate change. for example, some of our operations are within jurisdictions that have, or are developing, regulatory regimes governing greenhouse gas emissions. potentially, additional u.s. federal regulation will be forthcoming with respect to greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide) and/or "cap and trade" legislation that could have impacts on
15
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries our operations. in addition, we have operations in the european union, brazil, china, japan, jordan, saudi arabia, singapore and the united arab emirates, which have implemented measures to achieve objectives under the kyoto protocol, an international agreement linked to the united nations framework convention on climate change ("unfcc"), which set binding targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. the first commitment period under the kyoto protocol expired in 2012. an amendment was passed by the unfcc during the december 2012 doha climate change talks that would implement a second commitment period through 2020, but the amendment has not entered into legal force pending acceptance by participating countries. the outcome of new legislation or regulation in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities, fees or restrictions on certain activities. while certain climate change initiatives may result in new business opportunities for us in the area of alternative fuel technologies and emissions control, compliance with these initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. any adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. even without such regulation, increased public awareness and adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change emanating from us or our industry could harm us. we may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our business and negatively impact our growth. furthermore, the potential impacts of climate change and related regulation on our customers are highly uncertain and may adversely affect us.
regulation, or the threat of regulation, of some of our products could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
we manufacture or market a number of products that are or have been the subject of attention by regulatory authorities and environmental interest groups. for example, for many years we have marketed methyl bromide, a chemical that is particularly effective as a soil fumigant. in recent years, the market for methyl bromide has changed significantly, driven by the montreal protocol of 1990 and related regulations prompted by findings regarding the chemical's potential to deplete the ozone layer. completion of the phase-out of methyl bromide as a fumigant took effect january 1, 2005 with critical uses allowed on an annual basis until feasible alternatives are available.
over the past decade, there has been increasing scrutiny of certain brominated flame retardants by regulatory authorities, legislative bodies and environmental interest groups in various countries. we manufacture a broad range of brominated flame retardant products, which are used in a variety of applications to protect people, property and the environment from the negative consequences of fire. concern about the impact of some of our products on human health or the environment may lead to regulation, or reaction in our markets independent of regulation, that could reduce or eliminate markets for such products.
in 2009, one of our products, hbcd, was designated by european regulators as a substance of very high concern. in february 2011, the european union included hbcd on a list of substances published under annex xiv of the reach regulation. our expectation is that the sale of hbcd could be banned in europe under the reach process as early as august 2015, or as late as august 2019, assuming certain applications are authorized during a period of transition to alternative products. a final decision on authorization is expected by mid-2015. also, in august 2013, the stockholm convention on persistent organic pollutants banned hbcd under the convention effective november 2014, with certain uses exempted for a five year period to allow time for the development of alternative products. japan chose not to apply for an exemption and as a result sales of hbcd ended in japan in 2014. certain other countries also did not file for an exemption, however none of those countries are significant consumers of hbcd. our sales of hbcd approximated 0.7%, 1.3%, and 1.9% of our total annual net sales in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. there is no assurance that we will be able to develop alternative products in the future that generate sales comparable to hbcd, however, albemarle is actively marketing a new polymeric flame retardant based on bromine, greencresttm, as a replacement for hbcd, with commercial sales starting in 2014.
agencies in the european union continue to evaluate the risks to human health and the environment associated with certain brominated flame retardants such as tetrabromobisphenol a and decabromodiphenylethane, both of which we manufacture. additional government regulations, including limitations or bans on the use of brominated flame retardants, could result in a decline in our net sales of brominated flame retardants and have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. in addition, the threat of additional regulation or concern about the impact of brominated flame retardants on human health or the environment could lead to a negative reaction in our markets that could reduce or eliminate our markets for these products, which could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
we could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications.
our products provide important performance attributes to our customers' products. if a product fails to perform in a manner consistent with quality specifications or has a shorter useful life than guaranteed, a customer could seek replacement of
16
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failing to perform as guaranteed. these risks apply to our refinery catalysts in particular because, in certain instances, we sell our refinery catalysts under agreements that contain limited performance and life cycle guarantees. also, because many of our products are integrated into our customers' products, we may be requested to participate in, or fund in whole or in part the costs of, a product recall conducted by a customer. for example, some of our businesses supply products to customers in the automotive industry. in the event one of these customers conducts a product recall that it believes is related to one of our products, we may be asked to participate in or fund in whole or in part such a recall.
our customers often require our subsidiaries to represent that our products conform to certain product specifications provided by our customers. any failure to comply with such specifications could result in claims or legal action.
a successful claim or series of claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could result in a loss of one or more customers.
our business is subject to hazards common to chemical businesses, any of which could interrupt our production and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.
our business is subject to hazards common to chemical manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation, including explosions, fires, inclement weather, natural disasters, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, transportation interruptions, remediation, chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases and other risks. these hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to, or destruction of, property and equipment and environmental contamination. in addition, the occurrence of material operating problems at our facilities due to any of these hazards may diminish our ability to meet our output goals. accordingly, these hazards and their consequences could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our operations as a whole, including our results of operations and cash flows, both during and after the period of operational difficulties.
natural disasters and weather-related matters could impact our results of operations.
in 2005 and again in the third quarter of 2008, major hurricanes caused significant disruption to the operations on the u.s. gulf coast for many of our customers and our suppliers of certain raw materials, which had an adverse impact on volume and cost for some of our products. if similar weather-related matters or other natural disasters occur in the future, they could negatively affect the results of operations at our sites in the affected regions as well as have adverse impacts on the global economy.
the insurance that we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures.
we maintain property, business interruption and casualty insurance but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and maximum liabilities covered. we may incur losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of our insurance policies, including liabilities for environmental remediation. in addition, from time to time, various types of insurance for companies in the specialty chemical industry have not been available on commercially acceptable terms or, in some cases, have not been available at all. we are potentially at additional risk if one or more of our insurance carriers fail. additionally, severe disruptions in the domestic and global financial markets could adversely impact the ratings and survival of some insurers. future downgrades in the ratings of enough insurers could adversely impact both the availability of appropriate insurance coverage and its cost. in the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current levels, if at all, and our premiums may increase significantly on coverage that we maintain.
we may incur significant charges in the event we close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility.
we continually assess our manufacturing operations in order to manufacture and distribute our products in the most efficient manner. based on our assessments, we may make capital improvements to modernize certain units, move manufacturing or distribution capabilities from one plant or facility to another plant or facility, discontinue manufacturing or distributing certain products or close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility. we also have shared services agreements at several of our plants and if such agreements are terminated or revised, we would assess and potentially adjust our manufacturing operations. the closure or divestiture of all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility could result in future charges that could be significant.
if we are unable to retain key personnel or attract new skilled personnel, it could have an adverse effect on our business.
the unanticipated departure of any key member of our management team could have an adverse effect on our business. in addition, because of the specialized and technical nature of our business, our future performance is dependent on the continued
17
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries service of, and on our ability to attract and retain, qualified management, scientific, technical, marketing and support personnel. competition for such personnel is intense, and we may be unable to continue to attract or retain such personnel.
some of our employees are unionized, represented by workers' councils or are employed subject to local laws that are less favorable to employers than the laws of the u.s.
as of december 31, 2014, we had 3,625 employees. approximately 11% of our 1,830 u.s. employees are unionized. our collective bargaining agreements expire in 2017 and 2019. in addition, a large number of our employees are employed in countries in which employment laws provide greater bargaining or other rights to employees than the laws of the u.s. such employment rights require us to work collaboratively with the legal representatives of the employees to effect any changes to labor arrangements. for example, most of our employees in europe are represented by workers' councils that must approve any changes in conditions of employment, including salaries and benefits and staff changes, and may impede efforts to restructure our workforce. although we believe that we have a good working relationship with our employees, a strike, work stoppage, slowdown or significant dispute with our employees could result in a significant disruption of our operations or higher ongoing labor costs.
our joint ventures may not operate according to their business plans if our partners fail to fulfill their obligations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and may force us to dedicate additional resources to these joint ventures.
we currently participate in a number of joint ventures and may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. the nature of a joint venture requires us to share control with unaffiliated third parties. if our joint venture partners do not fulfill their obligations, the affected joint venture may not be able to operate according to its business plan. in that case, our results of operations may be adversely affected and we may be required to increase the level of our commitment to the joint venture. also, differences in views among joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or failures to agree on major issues. if these differences cause the joint ventures to deviate from their business plans, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
we may not be able to successfully integrate the businesses of albemarle and rockwood and therefore may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.
realization of the anticipated benefits in the merger will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of albemarle and rockwood. we will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating business practices, operations and support functions.
our success after the merger will also depend in part upon our ability to retain key employees after the merger is completed. the diversion of management's attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the integration of the two companies' operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial results, financial condition or our stock price. the integration process may also result in additional and unforeseen expenses. there can be no assurance that the contemplated synergies anticipated from the merger will be realized. if the integration is not successful, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. there can be no assurances that the expected benefits and efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will be realized to offset the integration and restructuring costs over time.
we may not be able to consummate future acquisitions or integrate acquisitions into our business, which could result in unanticipated expenses and losses.
as part of our business growth strategy, we have acquired businesses and entered into joint ventures in the past and intend to pursue acquisitions and joint venture opportunities in the future. our ability to implement this component of our growth strategy will be limited by our ability to identify appropriate acquisition or joint venture candidates and our financial resources, including available cash and borrowing capacity. the expense incurred in consummating acquisitions or entering into joint ventures, the time it takes to integrate an acquisition or our failure to integrate businesses successfully, could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. furthermore, we may not be able to realize any of the anticipated benefits from acquisitions or joint ventures.
the process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant financial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. some of the risks associated with the integration of acquisitions include:
•   potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management;
•   unforeseen claims and liabilities, including unexpected environmental exposures;
18
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
•   unforeseen adjustments, charges and write-offs;
•   problems enforcing the indemnification obligations of sellers of businesses or joint venture partners for claims and liabilities;
•   unexpected losses of customers of, or suppliers to, the acquired business;
•   difficulty in conforming the acquired businesses' standards, processes, procedures and controls with our operations;
•   variability in financial information arising from the implementation of purchase price accounting;
•   inability to coordinate new product and process development;
•   loss of senior managers and other critical personnel and problems with new labor unions; and
•   challenges arising from the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations.
although our pension plans currently meet minimum funding requirements, events could occur that would require us to make significant contributions to the plans and reduce the cash available for our business.
we have several defined benefit pension plans around the world, including in the u.s., germany, belgium, and japan, covering most of our employees. as of december 31, 2014, the u.s. plans represented approximately 93% of the total liabilities of the plans worldwide. we are required to make cash contributions to our pension plans to the extent necessary to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by the various countries' benefit and tax laws. the amount of any such required contributions will be determined annually based on an actuarial valuation of the plans as performed by the plans' actuaries.
in previous years, we have made voluntary contributions to our u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plans. under the pension protection act of 2006, we anticipate no required cash contributions during 2015 for our u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plans. additional voluntary pension contributions in and after 2015 may vary depending on factors such as asset returns, interest rates, and legislative changes. the amounts we may elect or be required to contribute to our pension plans in the future may increase significantly. these contributions could be substantial and would reduce the cash available for our business.
further, an economic downturn or recession or market disruption in the capital and credit markets may adversely impact the value of our pension plan assets, our results of operations, our statement of changes in stockholders' equity and our liquidity. for example, we have several pension plans located in germany, belgium, japan and the united states. our funding obligations could change significantly based on the investment performance of the pension plan assets and changes in actuarial assumptions for local statutory funding valuations. any deterioration of the capital markets or returns available in such markets may negatively impact our pension plan assets and increase our funding obligations for one or more of these plans and negatively impact our liquidity. we cannot predict the impact of this or any further market disruption on our pension funding obligations.
the occurrence or threat of extraordinary events, including domestic and international terrorist attacks, may disrupt our operations and decrease demand for our products.
chemical-related assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other possible targets in the u.s. and throughout the world. as a result, we are subject to existing federal rules and regulations (and may be subject to additional legislation or regulations in the future) that impose site security requirements on chemical manufacturing facilities, which increase our overhead expenses.
we are also subject to federal regulations that have heightened security requirements for the transportation of hazardous chemicals in the u.s. we believe we have met these requirements but additional federal and local regulations that limit the distribution of hazardous materials are being considered. we ship and receive materials that are classified as hazardous. bans on movement of hazardous materials through cities, like washington, d.c., could affect the efficiency of our logistical operations. broader restrictions on hazardous material movements could lead to additional investment to produce hazardous raw materials and change where and what products we manufacture.
the occurrence of extraordinary events, including future terrorist attacks and the outbreak or escalation of hostilities, cannot be predicted, and their occurrence can be expected to continue to negatively affect the economy in general and specifically the markets for our products. the resulting damage from a direct attack on our assets, or assets used by us, could include loss of life and property damage. in addition, available insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of the damage incurred or, if available, may be prohibitively expensive.
19
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we will need a significant amount of cash to service our indebtedness and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control.
our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to make scheduled payments on our debt depends on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside our control. our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt obligations. if we are unable to service our debt obligations, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or raise additional equity. we may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness, sell assets or raise additional equity on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could cause us to default on our obligations and impair our liquidity. our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
restrictive covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect our business.
our february 2014 credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes contain select restrictive covenants. these covenants provide constraints on our financial flexibility. the failure to comply with the covenants in our february 2014 credit agreement, the indentures governing the senior notes and the agreements governing other indebtedness, including indebtedness incurred in the future, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. see "financial condition and liquidity-long-term debt" in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations on page 51.
a downgrade of the ratings on our debt or an increase in interest rates will cause our debt service obligations to increase.
borrowings under our february 2014 credit agreement and our commercial paper program bear interest at floating rates. the rates under the february 2014 credit agreement are subject to adjustment based on the ratings of our senior unsecured long-term debt by standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") and moody's investors services ("moody's"). s&p has rated our senior unsecured long-term debt as bbb- and moody's has rated our senior unsecured long-term debt as baa3. s&p has rated our commercial paper as a-3 and moody's has rated it as p-3. s&p and/or moody's may downgrade our ratings in the future. the downgrading of any of our ratings or an increase in any of the benchmark interest rates would result in an increase of our interest expense on our variable rate borrowings.
changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing and the market price of our securities.
credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include our operating results, actions that we take, their view of the general outlook for our industry and their view of the general outlook for the economy. actions taken by the rating agencies can include maintaining, upgrading or downgrading the current rating or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading. downgrading the credit rating of our debt securities or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading would likely increase our cost of future financing, could limit our access to the capital markets and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities.
because a significant portion of our operations is conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures, our ability to service our debt may be dependent on our receipt of distributions or other payments from our subsidiaries and joint ventures.
a significant portion of our operations is conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures. as a result, our ability to service our debt may be partially dependent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and joint ventures and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. payments to us by our subsidiaries and joint ventures will be contingent upon our subsidiaries' or joint ventures' earnings and other business considerations and may be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. in addition, there may be significant tax and other legal restrictions on the ability of non-u.s. subsidiaries or joint ventures to remit money to us.
we may continue to expand our business through acquisitions and we may incur additional indebtedness, including indebtedness related to acquisitions.
we have historically expanded our business primarily through acquisitions. a part of our business strategy is to continue to grow through acquisitions that complement our existing technologies and accelerate our growth. because the consummation of acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses involves significant risk, this means that investors in our securities will be subject to the risks inherent in our acquisition strategy. in addition, the indentures governing our senior notes does not limit our
20
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. our credit facilities have limited financial maintenance covenants. as a result, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in connection with acquisitions.
as a result of the merger, albemarle, on a consolidated basis, incurred substantial additional indebtedness and related debt service obligations. this additional indebtedness and the related debt service obligations could have important consequences, including:
•   reducing flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses, the competitive environment and the industries in which we operate, and to technological and other changes;
•   lowering credit ratings;
•   reducing access to capital and increasing borrowing costs generally or for any additional indebtedness to finance future operating and capital expenses and for general corporate purposes;
•   reducing funds available for operations, capital expenditures and other activities; and
•   creating competitive disadvantages relative to other companies with lower debt levels.
we may be subject to increased tax exposure resulting from rockwood pre-acquisition periods.
under the terms of certain purchase agreements, third party sellers have agreed to substantially indemnify us for tax liabilities pertaining to rockwood's pre-acquisition periods. to the extent such companies fail to indemnify or satisfy their obligations, or if any amount is not covered by the terms of the indemnity, earnings could be negatively impacted in future periods through increased tax expense.
our required capital expenditures may exceed our estimates.
our capital expenditures for continuing operations generally consist of expenditures to maintain and improve existing equipment and substantial investments in new equipment. commencement of production requires start-up, commission and certification of product quality by our customers, which may impact the expected timing of sales of product from such facility. construction of large chemical operations is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, among others, the ability to complete the project on a timely basis and in accordance with the estimated budget for such project and our ability to estimate future demand for our products.
future capital expenditures may be significantly higher, depending on the investment requirements of each of our business lines, and may also vary substantially if we are required to undertake actions to compete with new technologies in our industry. we may not have the capital necessary to undertake these capital investments. if we are unable to do so, we may not be able to effectively compete in some of our markets.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
forward-looking statements some of the information presented in this annual report on form 10-k, including the documents incorporated by reference, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, which are in turn based on assumptions that we believe are reasonable based on our current knowledge of our business and operations. we have used words such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "should," "will" and variations of such words and similar expressions to identify such forward-looking statements.
these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. therefore, there can be no assurance that our actual results will not differ materially from the results and expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, without limitation:
•   changes in economic and business conditions;
•   changes in financial and operating performance of our major customers and industries and markets served by us;
•   the timing of orders received from customers;
•   the gain or loss of significant customers;
•   competition from other manufacturers;
•   changes in the demand for our products or the end-user markets in which our products are sold;
•   limitations or prohibitions on the manufacture and sale of our products;
•   availability of raw materials;
•   changes in the cost of raw materials and energy, and our ability to pass through such increases;
•   changes in our markets in general;
•   fluctuations in foreign currencies;
•   changes in laws and government regulation impacting our operations or our products;
•   the occurrence of claims or litigation;
•   the occurrence of natural disasters;
•   hazards associated with chemicals manufacturing;
•   the inability to maintain current levels of product or premises liability insurance or the denial of such coverage;
•   political unrest affecting the global economy, including adverse effects from terrorism or hostilities;
•   political instability affecting our manufacturing operations or joint ventures;
•   changes in accounting standards;
•   the inability to achieve results from our global manufacturing cost reduction initiatives as well as our ongoing continuous improvement and rationalization programs;
•   changes in the jurisdictional mix of our earnings and changes in tax laws and rates;
•   changes in monetary policies, inflation or interest rates that may impact our ability to raise capital or increase our cost of funds, impact the performance of our pension fund investments and increase our pension expense and funding obligations;
•   volatility and uncertainties in the debt and equity markets;
•   technology or intellectual property infringement, including cyber-security breaches, and other innovation risks;
•   decisions we may make in the future;
•   the ability to successfully operate and integrate rockwood's operations and realize anticipated synergies and other benefits; and
•   the other factors detailed from time to time in the reports we file with the sec.
30
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we assume no obligation to provide revisions to any forward-looking statements should circumstances change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws. the following discussion should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k.
the following is a discussion and analysis of results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. a discussion of consolidated financial condition and sources of additional capital is included under a separate heading "financial condition and liquidity" on page 49.
overview we are a leading global developer, manufacturer and marketer of highly-engineered specialty chemicals that meet customer needs across an exceptionally diverse range of end markets including the petroleum refining, consumer electronics, construction, automotive, lubricants, pharmaceuticals, crop protection, food safety and custom chemistry services markets. we are committed to global sustainability and are advancing responsible eco-practices and solutions in our two business segments. we believe that our commercial and geographic diversity, technical expertise, innovative capability, flexible, low-cost global manufacturing base, experienced management team and strategic focus on our core base technologies will enable us to maintain leading market positions in those areas of the specialty chemicals industry in which we operate.
secular trends favorably impacting demand within the end markets that we serve combined with our diverse product portfolio, broad geographic presence and customer-focused solutions will continue to be key drivers to our future earnings growth. we continue to build upon our existing green solutions portfolio and our ongoing mission to provide innovative, yet commercially viable, clean energy products and services to the marketplace. we believe our disciplined cost reduction efforts, ongoing productivity improvements and strong balance sheet will position us well to take advantage of strengthening economic conditions as they occur while softening the negative impact of the current challenging economic environment.
2014 highlights
•   in the first quarter, we increased our quarterly dividend for the 20th consecutive year, to $0.275 per share.
•   we repurchased approximately 2.2 million shares of our common stock pursuant to the terms of our share repurchase program. as of december 31, 2014, there were approximately 3.7 million shares remaining available for repurchase under our authorized share repurchase program.
•   we completed an expansion of our heavy oil upgrading capacity at our bayport, tx facility.
•   on july 15, 2014, we announced an agreement to acquire rockwood for consideration of $50.65 in cash and 0.4803 of a share of albemarle common stock, per outstanding share of rockwood common stock. on november 14, 2014, shareholders from both companies approved the transaction, which was completed on january 12, 2015.
•   on august 29, 2014, we announced an agreement with icl to establish a manufacturing joint venture for the production of icl's fr-122p polymeric flame retardant and our greencresttm polymeric flame retardant. these flame retardants are designed to replace hbcd. the joint venture and its partners will own and operate a 2,400 mt per year netherlands plant and a 10,000 mt per year israel plant. the transaction is subject to certain closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, and is expected to close in the first half of 2015.
•   on september 1, 2014, we closed the sale of our antioxidant, ibuprofen and propofol businesses and assets to si group, inc. and received net proceeds of $104.7 million. a post-closing working capital settlement of $7.6 million was received in the first quarter of 2015.
•   on november 4, 2014, we announced plans to increase production capabilities of curatives products at our facility in pasadena, tx. the capacity investment will support albemarle's ethacure® 100 liquid curative product for application in polyureas, urethanes and epoxies. production in the expanded facility is expected in 2015.
•   on november 24, 2014, we closed the offerings of senior notes totaling $1.025 billion, and on december 8, 2014, we closed the offering of €700 million senior notes. net proceeds from these offerings were used to finance the aggregate cash consideration for the acquisition of rockwood, pay related fees and expenses and repay the company's $325.0 million senior notes which matured on february 1, 2015.
•   we achieved earnings from continuing operations of $230.4 million during 2014 as compared to $435.7 million for 2013. our operating results contributed $492.6 million to cash flows from operations in 2014. earnings from continuing operations for 2014 includes pension and other postretirement benefit ("opeb") actuarial losses of $83.3 million after income taxes compared to pension and opeb actuarial gains of $88.3 million after income taxes in 2013.
31
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries outlook on july 15, 2014, we entered into the merger agreement to acquire all the outstanding shares of rockwood. on january 12, 2015, we completed the acquisition of rockwood for a purchase price of approximately $5.6 billion, comprised of approximately $3.6 billion in cash consideration and approximately $2.0 billion in equity consideration, with rockwood becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of albemarle. for additional information, see note 23, "acquisitions" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
on january 20, 2015, we announced that as a result of the completion of the rockwood acquisition we will realign our organizational structure, to be effective by the end of the first quarter of 2015. at that time, the company's new reportable business segments will consist of three segments: performance chemicals, refining solutions and chemetall surface treatment. performance chemicals will combine our lithium, aluminum alkyls and derivative catalysts businesses with albemarle's existing performance chemicals segment. refining solutions will consist of the heavy oil upgrading and clean fuels technologies businesses, delivering a robust portfolio of catalyst solutions that apply to the entire refinery process. chemetall surface treatment will supply specialty chemicals with a focus on processes for the surface treatment of metals and plastics. each segment will have a dedicated team of sales, r&d, process engineering, manufacturing and sourcing, and business strategy personnel and will have full accountability for improving execution through greater asset and market focus, agility and responsiveness. additionally, in 2015 we intend to pursue strategic alternatives, including divestitures, related to certain product lines including flame retardants, specialty chemicals, fine chemistry services and metal sulfides. these businesses will not be included in the aforementioned segments.
the current business environment presents a diverse set of opportunities and challenges in the markets we serve, from a slow and uneven global economic recovery, significantly lower crude oil prices, pricing pressure on bromine derivatives and an ever-changing landscape in electronics, to the continuous need for cutting edge catalysts and technology by our refinery customers, a volatile currency exchange landscape, and increasingly stringent environmental standards. amidst these dynamics, our business fundamentals are sound and we are strategically well-positioned as we remain focused on increasing sales volumes, optimizing and improving the value of our portfolio through pricing and product development, managing costs and delivering value to our customers. we believe that our businesses remain positioned to capitalize on new business opportunities and long-term trends driving growth within our end markets and to respond quickly to improved economic conditions.
through 2014, our operations were managed and reported as two operating segments: performance chemicals and catalyst solutions. financial results and discussion about our operating segments included in this annual report on form 10-k are categorized according to these two operating segments except where noted.
performance chemicals: we expect 2015 sales performance to be comparable overall to the prior year, as we manage through an uncertain environment characterized by soft demand in certain products and applications and cautious inventory management by our customers, along with the uncertain impacts of much weaker oil prices and a much stronger u.s. dollar, particularly as compared to the european union euro and the japanese yen. we believe we can sustain healthy margins with continued focus on maximizing our bromine franchise value.
we believe that the combination of solid, long-term business fundamentals, with our strong cost position, product innovations and effective management of raw material inventory inflation will enable us to manage our business through end market challenges and to capitalize on opportunities that will come with favorable market trends in select end markets and with a more evenly sustained economic recovery. our view of third party market indicators and order book trends makes us cautiously optimistic that volume trends for brominated flame retardants have stabilized and that demand for bromine in other applications aside from drilling completion fluids will continue to increase at a rate consistent with overall economic demand.
on a long-term basis, we continue to believe that improving global standards of living, widespread digitization, increasing demand for data management capacity and the potential for increasingly stringent fire safety regulations in developing markets are likely to drive continued demand for fire safety products. demand for drilling completion fluids in 2015 may be impacted negatively as a result of sharply lower oil prices impacting offshore drilling projects around the world. clear completion fluids shipment rates slowed somewhat in the fourth quarter of 2014, consistent with this view. longer term, absent an increase in regulatory pressure on offshore drilling, we would expect this business to resume the solid growth trajectory of recent years once oil prices return to prices seen through most of 2014 as we expect that deep water drilling will continue to increase around the world. we are focused on profitably growing our globally competitive bromine and derivatives production network to serve all major bromine consuming products and markets. we believe the global supply/demand gap will tighten as demand for existing and possible new uses of bromine expand over time.
32
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries catalyst solutions: 2014 was a solid year for this business segment, with sales up 9% and profits up 15% on a combination of favorable volumes, price and product mix, especially in our refinery catalyst solutions product lines. our performance catalyst solutions business lines stabilized in 2014, driven by growth in our downstream catalysts business and demand growth in our organometallics product lines as polyolefins demand continued to grow at a 4-5% rate. we expect continued growth in our refinery catalyst solutions business, despite some concerns about how the price of oil will impact the crude slate used by refineries and the resulting demand for catalysts, and some expected product mix impact that is a result of timing of catalysts replacements in fixed bed units. we also expect 2015 to bring increasing stabilization and improvement in our catalysts for polyolefins, consistent with overall demand.
on a longer term basis, we believe increased global demand for petroleum products and implementation of more stringent fuel quality requirements will drive growth in our refinery catalyst solutions business. in addition, we expect growth in our performance catalyst solutions division to come from growing global demand for plastics driven by rising standards of living and infrastructure spending, particularly in asia and the middle east.
delivering superior end-use performance continues to be the most effective way to create sustainable value in the refinery catalysts industry, and our technologies continue to provide significant performance and financial benefits to refiners challenged to meet tighter regulations around the world, those managing new contaminants present in north america tight oil, and those in the middle east and asia seeking to use heavier feedstock while pushing for higher propylene yields. while lower oil prices may impact the overall crude slate for a period of time, longer term, we believe that the global crude supply will get heavier and more sour, trends that bode well for catalysts demand. given this and based on our technology, current production capacities and expected growth in end market demand, we remain well-positioned for the future.
corporate and other: we continue to focus on cash generation, working capital management and process efficiencies. we expect our global effective tax rate for 2015 to be approximately 25.0%; however, our rate will vary based on the locales in which income is actually earned and remains subject to potential volatility from changing legislation in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions.
actuarial gains and losses related to our defined benefit pension and opeb plan obligations are reflected in corporate and other as a component of non-operating pension and opeb plan costs under mark-to-market accounting. results for the year ended december 31, 2014 include an actuarial loss of $130.8 million ($83.3 million after income taxes), as compared to a gain of $139.0 million ($88.3 million after income taxes) for the year ended december 31, 2013.
in the first quarter of 2014, we increased our quarterly dividend payout to $0.275 per share. we also repurchased approximately 2.2 million shares of our common stock during 2014 for $150 million under our existing share repurchase program, and we may periodically repurchase shares in the future on an opportunistic basis. in the first quarter of 2015, we increased our quarterly dividend rate to $0.29 per share.
we remain committed to evaluating the merits of any opportunities that may arise for acquisitions or other business development activities that will complement our business footprint. additional information regarding our products, markets and financial performance is provided at our web site, www.albemarle.com. our web site is not a part of this document nor is it incorporated herein by reference.
33
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries results of operations the following data and discussion provides an analysis of certain significant factors affecting our results of operations during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
selected financial data                                                                                                                                            year ended december 31,                               percentage change
2014                                                                                                                                                      2013                        2012           2014 vs. 2013           2013 vs. 2012
(in thousands, except percentages and per share amounts)
net sales                                                                                                         $2,445,548                  $2,394,270                  $2,519,154                    2   %                  (5       )%
cost of goods sold                                                                                                 1,674,700                   1,543,799                   1,620,311                    8   %                  (5       )%
gross profit                                                                                                         770,848                     850,471                     898,843                   (9   )%                 (5       )%
gross profit margin                                                                                                     31.5     %                  35.5     %                  35.7     %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                         355,135                     158,189                     308,456                  125   %                 (49       )%
research and development expenses                                                                                     88,310                      82,246                      78,919                    7   %                   4        %
restructuring and other charges, net                                                                                  25,947                      33,361                     111,685                  (22   )%                (70       )%
acquisition and integration related costs                                                                             30,158                           -                           -                    *                       -        %
operating profit                                                                                                     271,298                     576,675                     399,783                  (53   )%                 44        %
operating profit margin                                                                                                 11.1     %                  24.1     %                  15.9     %
interest and financing expenses                                                                                      (41,358     )               (31,559     )               (32,800     )             31   %                  (4       )%
other (expenses) income, net                                                                                         (16,761     )                (6,674     )                 1,229                  151   %                   *
income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in net income of unconsolidated investments         213,179                     538,442                     368,212                  (60   )%                 46        %
income tax expense                                                                                                    18,484                     134,445                      80,433                  (86   )%                 67        %
effective tax rate                                                                                                       8.7     %                  25.0     %                  21.8     %
income from continuing operations before equity in net income of unconsolidated investments                          194,695                     403,997                     287,779                  (52   )%                 40        %
equity in net income of unconsolidated investments (net of tax)                                                       35,742                      31,729                      38,067                   13   %                 (17       )%
net income from continuing operations                                                                                230,437                     435,726                     325,846                  (47   )%                 34        %
(loss) income from discontinued operations (net of tax)                                                              (69,531     )                 4,108                       4,281                    *                      (4       )%
net income                                                                                                           160,906                     439,834                     330,127                  (63   )%                 33        %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                  (27,590     )               (26,663     )               (18,591     )              3   %                  43        %
net income attributable to albemarle corporation                                                                    $133,316                    $413,171                    $311,536                  (68   )%                 33        %
net income from continuing operations as a percentage of net sales                                                       9.4     %                  18.2     %                  12.9     %
basic earnings (loss) per share:
continuing operations                                                                                                  $2.57                       $4.88                       $3.44                  (47   )%                 42        %
discontinued operations                                                                                                (0.88     )                  0.05                        0.05                    *                       -        %
$1.69                       $4.93                       $3.49                  (66   )%                 41        %
diluted earnings (loss) per share:
continuing operations                                                                                                  $2.57                       $4.85                       $3.42                  (47   )%                 42        %
discontinued operations                                                                                                (0.88     )                  0.05                        0.05                    *                       -        %
$1.69                       $4.90                       $3.47                  (66   )%                 41        %
* percentage calculation is not meaningful.
34
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries comparison of 2014 to 2013
net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded net sales of $2.45 billion, a 2% increase compared to net sales of $2.39 billion for the corresponding period of 2013. this increase was due primarily to favorable volume impacts of 2%, including favorable volume impacts of approximately $85.0 million in catalyst solutions and unfavorable volume impacts of approximately $33.0 million in performance chemicals, partially offset by unfavorable currency impacts of approximately $2.2 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar as we closed out the year.
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2014, our gross profit decreased $79.6 million, or 9%, from the corresponding 2013 period. our gross profit for 2014 was impacted by approximately $36.5 million of pension and opeb costs (including mark-to-market actuarial losses of $36.4 million) allocated to cost of goods sold, as compared to $42.2 million of pension and opeb benefits (including mark-to-market actuarial gains of $42.7 million) allocated to cost of goods sold in 2013. overall, these factors contributed to our gross profit margin of 31.5% for the current year, down from 35.5% in 2013. excluding the impact of pension and opeb mark-to-market actuarial losses and gains, our gross profit margin was 33.0% in 2014 and 33.7% in 2013.
the mark-to-market actuarial loss in 2014 is primarily attributable to: (a) a decrease in the weighted-average discount rate for our pension plans to 4.03% from 5.00% to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2014 measurement date, and (b) changes in mortality assumptions, and to a lesser extent, other demographic assumptions related to our pension plans. the mark-to-market actuarial loss in 2014 was partially offset by a higher return on pension plan assets in 2014 than was expected, as a result of overall market and investment portfolio performance. the actual return on u.s. pension plan assets was 8.87% versus an expected return of 6.91%.
the mark-to-market actuarial gain in 2013 is primarily attributable to: (a) an increase in the weighted-average discount rate for our pension plans to 5.00% from 4.04% to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2013 measurement date; (b) the actual return on u.s. pension plan assets of 15.07% was higher than the expected return of 7.25% as a result of overall market and investment portfolio performance; and (c) changes in demographic assumptions related to our pension plans, such as mortality rates, rates of compensation and other factors.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014, our selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses increased $196.9 million, or 125%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily due to unfavorable pension and opeb items and incentive compensation costs. sg&a expenses for 2014 includes approximately $97.1 million of pension and opeb costs (including mark-to-market actuarial losses of $94.5 million), as compared to $90.5 million of pension and opeb benefits (including mark-to-market actuarial gains of $96.3 million) in 2013. the mark-to-market actuarial losses and gains in 2014 and 2013, respectively, resulted from the factors as discussed in gross profit above.
as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses were 14.5% for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to 6.6% for the corresponding period in 2013. excluding the impact of pension and opeb mark-to-market actuarial losses and gains, sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales were 10.7% in 2014 and 10.6% in 2013.
research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014, our r&d expenses increased $6.1 million, or 7%, from the year ended december 31, 2013, mainly as a result of higher personnel costs and higher spending for outside services. as a percentage of net sales, r&d expenses were 3.6% in 2014, compared to 3.4% in 2013.
restructuring and other charges, net restructuring and other charges, net, of $25.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes the following items:
(a)   estimated costs of approximately $20.5 million ($13.6 million after income taxes) in connection with action we initiated to reduce the high cost supply capacity of certain aluminum alkyl products, primarily through the termination of a third party manufacturing contract.
(b)   an impairment charge of $3.0 million ($1.9 million after income taxes) for certain capital project costs also related to aluminum alkyls capacity which we do not expect to recover.
35
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
(c)   other net charges of $2.4 million ($1.4 million after income taxes), mainly in connection with a write-off of certain multi-product facility project costs that we do not expect to recover in future periods.
in connection with the announced realignment of our operating segments effective january 1, 2014, in the fourth quarter of 2013, we initiated a workforce reduction plan which resulted in a reduction of approximately 230 employees worldwide. we recorded charges of $33.4 million ($21.9 million after income taxes) during the year ended december 31, 2013 for termination benefits and other costs related to this workforce reduction plan.
acquisition and integration related costs the year ended december 31, 2014 includes $23.6 million of acquisition and integration related costs in connection with the acquisition of rockwood and $6.6 million of acquisition-related costs in connection with other significant projects. acquisition-related costs incurred during the year ended december 31, 2013 are included in sg&a expenses and were not significant.
interest and financing expenses interest and financing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased $9.8 million to $41.4 million from the corresponding 2013 period, due mainly to higher borrowing levels in connection with the acquisition of rockwood and decreases in interest capitalized on lower average construction work in progress balances in the 2014 period.
other expenses, net other expenses, net, for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $16.8 million versus $6.7 million for the corresponding 2013 period. this increase was due to $16.7 million of amortized bridge facility fees and $1.0 million of other financing fees in the 2014 period related to the acquisition of rockwood, partially offset by net favorable items of $7.6 million primarily related to favorable currency impacts compared to the corresponding period in 2013 due to more effective management of currency risks.
income tax expense the effective income tax rate for 2014 was 8.7% compared to 25.0% for 2013. our effective income tax rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory income tax rates in the comparative periods mainly due to the impact of earnings from outside the u.s. in 2014, acquisition and integration related costs and pension-related mark-to-market actuarial losses contributed to a decrease in pre-tax income year over year, which caused the impact of earnings outside the u.s. to have a much larger impact versus the prior year. see note 19, "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a reconciliation of the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate to our effective rate for 2014 and 2013.
equity in net income of unconsolidated investments equity in net income of unconsolidated investments was $35.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $31.7 million in the same period last year. this increase was due primarily to higher equity income reported by our catalyst solutions segment joint ventures nippon ketjen company limited, stannica llc and fábrica carioca de catalisadores sa, and our performance chemicals segment joint venture magnifin, partly offset by lower equity income amounts reported by our catalyst solutions segment joint ventures saudi organometallic chemicals company and eurecat.
(loss) income from discontinued operations on september 1, 2014, we closed the sale of our antioxidant, ibuprofen and propofol businesses and assets to si group, inc. the financial results of the disposed group have been presented as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of income for all periods presented. (loss) income from discontinued operations, after income taxes, was $(69.5) million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $4.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. included in the 2014 period is a pre-tax charge of $(85.5) million ($65.7 million after income taxes) representing the difference between the carrying value of the related assets and their fair value as determined by the sales price less estimated costs to sell. the loss is primarily attributable to the write-off of goodwill, intangibles and long-lived assets, net of cumulative foreign currency translation gains of $17.8 million.
36
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended december 31, 2014, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $27.6 million compared to $26.7 million in the same period last year. this increase of $0.9 million was due primarily to higher profits of our consolidated joint venture jbc in the 2014 period.
net income attributable to albemarle corporation net income attributable to albemarle corporation decreased to $133.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, from $413.2 million for the corresponding period of 2013, primarily due to an unfavorable impact of $73.6 million (after income taxes) related to discontinued operations, unfavorable impacts of $266.4 million related to pension and opeb items mainly resulting from an actuarial loss in 2014 compared to an actuarial gain in 2013, charges of $30.2 million in 2014 for certain significant acquisition-related costs (of which $23.6 million relates to the acquisition of rockwood), higher manufacturing and sg&a costs of approximately $33.0 million, higher interest and financing expenses of $9.8 million, and higher other expenses, net, of 10.1 million, partly offset by lower income tax expense of $116.0 million, lower restructuring and other charges, net, of $7.4 million, favorable volume impacts of approximately $12.2 million on market demand, and lower variable input costs of approximately $9.3 million.
other comprehensive (loss) income total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax, was $(178.7) million in 2014 compared to $31.3 million in 2013. the majority of these amounts are the result of translating our foreign subsidiary financial statements from their local currencies to u.s. dollars. in 2014, other comprehensive (loss), net of tax, from foreign currency translation adjustments was $(168.8) million, mainly as a result of unfavorable movements of approximately $(124) million in the european union euro, $(18) million in the chinese renminbi and $(13) million in the brazilian real. also included in total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax, for 2014 is $(21.0) million related to a realized loss on our interest rate swap which was settled in the fourth quarter, and $11.4 million in connection with the revaluation of our €700.0 million senior notes and settlement of related foreign currency forward contracts, both of which were designated as a hedge of our net investment in foreign operations. in 2013, other comprehensive income, net of tax, from foreign currency translation adjustments was $31.7 million, mainly as a result of favorable movements in the european union euro of approximately $42 million, partially offset by unfavorable movements in the brazilian real of approximately $14 million.
segment information overview. we have identified two reportable segments according to the nature and economic characteristics of our products as well as the manner in which the information is used internally by the company's chief operating decision maker to evaluate performance and make resource allocation decisions. our performance chemicals segment is composed of the fire safety solutions, specialty chemicals and fine chemistry services product categories. our catalyst solutions segment is composed of the refinery catalyst solutions and performance catalyst solutions product categories. segment income represents segment operating profit and equity in net income of unconsolidated investments and is reduced by net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. segment data includes intersegment transfers of raw materials at cost and allocations for certain corporate costs.
corporate & other includes corporate-related items not allocated to the reportable segments. pension and opeb service cost (which represents the benefits earned by active employees during the period) and amortization of prior service cost or benefit are allocated to each segment and corporate & other, whereas the remaining components of pension and opeb cost or credit are included in corporate & other.
37
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries year ended december 31,          percentage change
2014                             % of net sales   2013                              % of net sales              2014 vs. 2013
(in thousands, except percentages)
net sales:
performance chemicals                                              $1,351,596                55.3         %           $1,392,664                58.2         %              (3   )%
catalyst solutions                                                  1,093,952                44.7         %            1,001,606                41.8         %               9   %
total net sales                                                    $2,445,548               100.0         %           $2,394,270               100.0         %               2   %
segment operating profit:
performance chemicals                                                $306,616                22.7         %             $334,275                24.0         %              (8   )%
catalyst solutions                                                    224,407                20.5         %              194,322                19.4         %              15   %
total segment operating profit                                        531,023                                            528,597                                             -   %
equity in net income of unconsolidated investments:
performance chemicals                                                  10,068                                              8,875                                            13   %
catalyst solutions                                                     25,674                                             22,854                                            12   %
total equity in net income of unconsolidated investments               35,742                                             31,729                                            13   %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests:
performance chemicals                                                 (27,590    )                                       (26,663    )                                        3   %
total net income attributable to noncontrolling interests             (27,590    )                                       (26,663    )                                        3   %
segment income:
performance chemicals                                                 289,094                21.4         %              316,487                22.7         %              (9   )%
catalyst solutions                                                    250,081                22.9         %              217,176                21.7         %              15   %
total segment income                                                  539,175                                            533,663                                             1   %
corporate &amp; other                                                (203,620    )                                        81,439                                             *
restructuring and other charges, net                                  (25,947    )                                       (33,361    )                                      (22   )%
acquisition and integration related costs                             (30,158    )                                             -                                             *
interest and financing expenses                                       (41,358    )                                       (31,559    )                                       31   %
other expenses, net                                                   (16,761    )                                        (6,674    )                                      151   %
income tax expense                                                    (18,484    )                                      (134,445    )                                      (86   )%
(loss) income from discontinued operations (net of tax)               (69,531    )                                         4,108                                             *
net income attributable to albemarle corporation                     $133,316                                           $413,171                                           (68   )%
* percentage calculation is not meaningful.
our segment information includes measures we refer to as segment operating profit and segment income which are financial measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, gaap. the company has reported segment operating profit and segment income because management believes that these financial measures provide transparency to investors and enable period-to-period comparability of financial performance. segment operating profit and segment income should not be considered as an alternative to operating profit or net income attributable to albemarle corporation, respectively, as determined in accordance with gaap.
38
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries see below for a reconciliation of segment operating profit and segment income, the non-gaap financial measures, to operating profit and net income attributable to albemarle corporation, respectively, the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and reported in accordance with gaap.
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                          2013
(in thousands)
total segment operating profit                               $531,023                  $528,597
add (less):
corporate &amp; other                                        (203,620     )              81,439
restructuring and other charges, net                          (25,947     )             (33,361     )
acquisition and integration related costs                     (30,158     )                   -
gaap operating profit                                        $271,298                  $576,675
total segment income                                         $539,175                  $533,663
add (less):
corporate &amp; other                                        (203,620     )              81,439
restructuring and other charges, net                          (25,947     )             (33,361     )
acquisition and integration related costs                     (30,158     )                   -
interest and financing expenses                               (41,358     )             (31,559     )
other expenses, net                                           (16,761     )              (6,674     )
income tax expense                                            (18,484     )            (134,445     )
(loss) income from discontinued operations (net of tax)       (69,531     )               4,108
gaap net income attributable to albemarle corporation        $133,316                  $413,171
performance chemicals performance chemicals segment net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $1.35 billion, down $41.1 million, or 3%, in comparison to the same period in 2013. the decrease was driven mainly by unfavorable volume impacts on market demand of approximately 3%, mainly in fine chemistry services and specialty chemicals, and unfavorable pricing impacts of approximately 1% mainly in fire safety solutions. segment income for performance chemicals was down 9%, or $27.4 million, to $289.1 million for the year ended 2014 compared to 2013, as a result of higher manufacturing and sg&a spending of approximately $12.9 million, approximately $7.9 million in unfavorable pricing mainly in fire safety solutions, and unfavorable volume impacts of approximately $5.2 million on market demand mainly in fine chemistry services and specialty chemicals.
catalyst solutions catalyst solutions segment net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $1.1 billion, an increase of $92.3 million, or 9%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was due mainly to favorable volumes of 9% on market demand across all product families, favorable pricing of 1% due to market conditions (driven by refinery catalyst solutions, partly offset by unfavorable pricing in performance catalyst solutions), and unfavorable currency impacts of approximately $1.6 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar. catalyst solutions segment income increased 15%, or $32.9 million, to $250.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 in comparison to the corresponding period of 2013. this increase was due primarily to approximately $17.2 million favorable volume impacts on stronger market demand across all businesses, lower variable input costs of approximately $8.2 million, favorable performance from our unconsolidated joint ventures, mainly nippon ketjen company limited, stannica llc and fábrica carioca de catalisadores sa, and favorable pricing of approximately $8.4 million mainly in refinery catalyst solutions due to market conditions. these were partly offset by approximately $12.0 million in unfavorable spending due mainly to higher personnel costs and higher maintenance and repairs at our manufacturing facilities, including startup of the heavy oil upgrading capacity expansion in bayport.
corporate and other for the year ended december 31, 2014, corporate and other expense was $203.6 million compared to corporate and other income of $81.4 million for the corresponding period in 2013. this unfavorable variance was primarily due to
39
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries unfavorable pension and opeb plan impacts of approximately $270 million, and unfavorable incentive compensation costs. corporate and other expense for 2014 includes $127.2 million of pension and opeb costs (including mark-to market actuarial losses) compared to $143.1 million of pension and opeb benefits in 2013.
comparison of 2013 to 2012
net sales for the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded net sales of $2.39 billion, a 5% decrease compared to net sales of $2.52 billion for the corresponding period of 2012. this decrease was due primarily to unfavorable pricing impacts of 7%, mainly lower metals surcharges in refinery catalyst solutions, lower overall price mix in catalyst solutions, lower regional pricing in specialty chemicals and lower pricing in fire safety solutions, partly offset by favorable volume impacts of 2%, driven by higher volumes in refinery catalyst solutions and fire safety solutions, net of lower volumes in fine chemistry services and the unfavorable volume impacts from our exit of the phosphorus flame retardants business in 2012.
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2013, our gross profit decreased $48.4 million, or 5%, from the corresponding 2012 period due mainly to overall unfavorable pricing impacts, unfavorable currency impacts mainly from a weaker japanese yen, and higher manufacturing costs. these were partly offset by favorable impacts from lower variable input costs and favorable overall volumes. additionally, our gross profit for 2013 was impacted by approximately $42.2 million of pension and opeb benefits (including mark-to-market actuarial gains of $42.7 million) allocated to cost of goods sold, as compared to $26.3 million of pension and opeb costs (including mark-to-market actuarial losses of $25.9 million) allocated to cost of goods sold in 2012. pension and opeb costs included in cost of goods sold for 2012 include a correction of $3.5 million for actuarial gains that relate to 2011. overall, these factors contributed to our gross profit margin of 35.5% for 2013, down from 35.7% in 2012. excluding the impact of pension and opeb mark-to-market actuarial gains and losses, our gross profit margin was 33.7% in 2013 and 36.7% in 2012.
the mark-to-market actuarial gain in 2013 is primarily attributable to: (a) an increase in the weighted-average discount rate for our pension plans to 5.00% from 4.04% to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2013 measurement date; (b) the actual return on u.s. pension plan assets of 15.07% was higher than the expected return of 7.25% as a result of overall market and investment portfolio performance; and (c) changes in demographic assumptions related to our pension plans, such as mortality rates, rates of compensation and other factors.
the mark-to-market actuarial loss in 2012 is primarily attributable to: (a) a decrease in the weighted-average discount rate for our pension plans to 4.04% from 5.04% to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2012 measurement date, and; (b) changes in demographic assumptions related to our pension plans, such as mortality rates, rates of compensation and other factors. the mark-to-market actuarial loss in 2012 was partially offset by a higher return on pension plan assets in 2012 than was expected, as a result of overall market and investment portfolio performance. the actual return on u.s. pension plans assets was 11.90% versus an expected return of 8.25%.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013, our sg&a expenses decreased $150.3 million, or 49%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. this decrease was primarily due to favorable pension and opeb items, lower personnel costs and lower sales commissions partly offset by higher expenses for services. sg&a expenses for 2013 includes approximately $90.5 million of pension and opeb benefits (including mark-to-market actuarial gains of $96.3 million), as compared to $51.1 million of pension and opeb costs (including mark-to-market actuarial losses of $49.8 million) in 2012. the mark-to-market actuarial gains and losses in 2013 and 2012, respectively, resulted from the factors as discussed in gross profit above. additionally, pension and opeb costs included in sg&a for 2012 include a correction of $6.8 million for actuarial gains that relate to 2011.
sg&a expenses for 2012 also include: (a) a gain of $8.1 million resulting from proceeds received in connection with the settlement of litigation (net of legal fees); and (b) an $8 million charitable contribution to the albemarle foundation, a non-profit organization that sponsors grants, health and social projects, educational initiatives, disaster relief, matching gift programs, scholarships and other charitable initiatives in locations where our employees live and operate.
as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses were 6.6% for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to 12.2% for the corresponding period in 2012. excluding the impact of pension and opeb mark-to-market actuarial gains and losses, sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales were 10.6% in 2013 and 10.3% in 2012.
40
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013, our r&d expenses increased $3.3 million, or 4%, from the year ended december 31, 2012, as a result of higher expenses for services. as a percentage of net sales, r&d expenses were 3.4% in 2013, compared to 3.1% in 2012.
restructuring and other charges, net in connection with the announced realignment of our operating segments effective january 1, 2014, in the fourth quarter of 2013 we initiated a workforce reduction plan which resulted in a reduction of approximately 230 employees worldwide. we recorded charges of $33.4 million ($21.9 million after income taxes) during the year ended december 31, 2013 for termination benefits and other costs related to this workforce reduction plan.
restructuring and other charges, net were $111.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2012 and included the following items:
(a)   net charges amounting to $100.8 million ($76.1 million after income taxes) in connection with our exit of the phosphorus flame retardants business. the charges are comprised mainly of non-cash items consisting of net asset write-offs of approximately $57 million and write-offs of foreign currency translation adjustments of approximately $12 million, as well as accruals for future cash costs associated with related severance programs of approximately $22 million, estimated site remediation costs of approximately $9 million, other estimated exit costs of approximately $3 million, partly offset by a gain of approximately $2 million related to the sale of our nanjing, china manufacturing site. we began to realize favorable profit impacts from this program in the fourth quarter of 2012.
(b)   a net curtailment gain of $4.5 million ($2.9 million after income taxes) and a one-time employer contribution to the company's defined contribution plan of $10.1 million ($6.4 million after income taxes), both in connection with various amendments to certain of our u.s. pension and defined contribution plans that were approved by our board of directors in the fourth quarter of 2012. these amendments provided for formula changes to the related defined contribution plans as well as special benefits for certain defined benefit plan participants which culminate in a freeze of pension benefits under the related qualified and nonqualified defined benefit plan after a two year transition period.
(c)   charges amounting to $5.3 million ($4.3 million after income taxes) related to changes in product sourcing and other items.
interest and financing expenses interest and financing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 decreased $1.2 million to $31.6 million from the corresponding 2012 period, due mainly to lower interest rates on variable-rate borrowings partially offset by higher levels of variable-rate debt in 2013.
other (expenses) income, net other (expenses) income, net, for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $(6.7) million versus $1.2 million for the corresponding 2012 period. this change was due primarily to unfavorable currency impacts compared to the corresponding period in 2012.
income tax expense the effective income tax rate for 2013 was 25.0% compared to 21.8% for 2012. our effective income tax rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory income tax rates in the comparative periods mainly due to the impact of earnings from outside the u.s. our effective income tax rate for the 2012 period was impacted by discrete net tax benefit items of $1.0 million related principally to tax planning and the release of various tax reserves for uncertain domestic tax positions due to the expiration of the domestic statute of limitations related to the 2008 tax year, as well as $100.8 million of pre-tax charges ($76.1 million after taxes) associated with our exit of the phosphorus flame retardants business. see note 19, "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a reconciliation of the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate to our effective rate for 2013 and 2012.
41
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries equity in net income of unconsolidated investments equity in net income of unconsolidated investments was $31.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $38.1 million in the same period last year. this decrease was due primarily to overall lower equity income amounts reported from our catalyst solutions segment joint ventures, including unfavorable currency translation impacts of $2.4 million due to a weaker japanese yen and brazilian real, partly offset by higher equity income amounts reported from our performance chemicals segment joint venture magnifin.
income from discontinued operations income from discontinued operations, after income taxes, was $4.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, essentially unchanged from the year ended december 31, 2012. favorable sales volumes and lower variable input costs in these businesses was offset by higher spending and unfavorable pricing trends as compared to the prior year.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended december 31, 2013, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $26.7 million compared to $18.6 million in the same period last year. this increase of $8.1 million was due primarily to higher overall profits and a contractually-based reduction in our share of profits of $6.6 million in our joint venture in jordan.
net income attributable to albemarle corporation net income attributable to albemarle corporation increased to $413.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, from $311.5 million for the corresponding period of 2012 primarily due to impacts from higher sales volumes of approximately $59.0 million, lower sg&a expenses (including favorable impacts from pension and opeb items) of approximately $44.0 million, lower restructuring and other charges of approximately $78.0 million, and favorable overall variable input costs of approximately $54.0 million. these impacts were partly offset by lower pricing impacts, including impacts from both volatility in metals surcharges and related cost impacts in refinery catalyst solutions (particularly rare earths) and in certain products in our bromine portfolio and fire safety solutions, unfavorable manufacturing costs of approximately $18.0 million (net of favorable impacts from pension and opeb items), lower equity in net income of unconsolidated investments, higher r&d expenses and unfavorable foreign currency impacts.
other comprehensive income total other comprehensive income, net of tax, was $31.3 million in 2013 compared to $24.8 million in 2012. the majority of these amounts are the result of translating our foreign subsidiary financial statements from their local currencies to u.s. dollars. in 2013, other comprehensive income, net of tax, from foreign currency translation adjustments was $31.7 million, mainly as a result of favorable movements in the european union euro of approximately $42 million, partially offset by unfavorable movements in the brazilian real of approximately $14 million. in 2012, other comprehensive income, net of tax, from foreign currency translation adjustments was $28.8 million, mainly as a result of favorable movements in the european union euro, british pound sterling and korean won of approximately $20 million, $12 million and $5 million, respectively, partially offset by unfavorable movements in the brazilian real of approximately $9 million.
42
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries year ended december 31,          percentage change
2013                             % of net sales   2012                              % of net sales              2013 vs. 2012
(in thousands, except percentages)
net sales:
performance chemicals                                              $1,392,664                58.2         %           $1,451,247                57.6         %              (4         )%
catalyst solutions                                                  1,001,606                41.8         %            1,067,907                42.4         %              (6         )%
total net sales                                                    $2,394,270               100.0         %           $2,519,154               100.0         %              (5         )%
segment operating profit:
performance chemicals                                                $334,275                24.0         %             $410,359                28.3         %             (19         )%
catalyst solutions                                                    194,322                19.4         %              230,648                21.6         %             (16         )%
subtotal                                                              528,597                                            641,007                                           (18         )%
equity in net income of unconsolidated investments:
performance chemicals                                                   8,875                                              6,416                                            38          %
catalyst solutions                                                     22,854                                             31,651                                           (28         )%
total equity in net income of unconsolidated investments               31,729                                             38,067                                           (17         )%
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests:
performance chemicals                                                 (26,663    )                                       (18,571    )                                       44          %
corporate &amp; other                                                       -                                                (20    )                                     (100         )%
total net income attributable to noncontrolling interests             (26,663    )                                       (18,591    )                                       43          %
segment income:
performance chemicals                                                 316,487                22.7         %              398,204                27.4         %             (21         )%
catalyst solutions                                                    217,176                21.7         %              262,299                24.6         %             (17         )%
total segment income                                                  533,663                                            660,503                                           (19         )%
corporate &amp; other                                                  81,439                                           (129,559    )                                     (163         )%
restructuring and other charges, net                                  (33,361    )                                      (111,685    )                                      (70         )%
interest and financing expenses                                       (31,559    )                                       (32,800    )                                       (4         )%
other (expenses) income, net                                           (6,674    )                                         1,229                                             *
income tax expense                                                   (134,445    )                                       (80,433    )                                       67          %
income from discontinued operations (net of tax)                        4,108                                              4,281                                            (4         )%
net income attributable to albemarle corporation                     $413,171                                           $311,536                                            33          %
*percentage calculation is not meaningful.
43
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries our segment information includes measures we refer to as segment operating profit and segment income which are financial measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, gaap. the company has reported segment operating profit and segment income because management believes that these financial measures provide transparency to investors and enable period-to-period comparability of financial performance. segment operating profit and segment income should not be considered as an alternative to operating profit or net income attributable to albemarle corporation, respectively, as determined in accordance with gaap.
see below for a reconciliation of segment operating profit and segment income, the non-gaap financial measures, to operating profit and net income attributable to albemarle corporation, respectively, the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and reported in accordance with gaap.
year ended december 31,
2013                                                                        2012
(in thousands)
total segment operating profit                             $528,597                  $641,007
add (less):
corporate &amp; other(a)                                     81,439                  (129,539     )
restructuring and other charges, net                        (33,361     )            (111,685     )
gaap operating profit                                      $576,675                  $399,783
total segment income                                       $533,663                  $660,503
add (less):
corporate &amp; other                                        81,439                  (129,559     )
restructuring and other charges, net                        (33,361     )            (111,685     )
interest and financing expenses                             (31,559     )             (32,800     )
other (expenses) income, net                                 (6,674     )               1,229
income tax expense                                         (134,445     )             (80,433     )
income from discontinued operations (net of tax)              4,108                     4,281
gaap net income attributable to albemarle corporation      $413,171                  $311,536
(a)   excludes corporate noncontrolling interest adjustments of $(20) for the year ended december 31, 2012.
performance chemicals performance chemicals segment net sales for the year ended december 31, 2013 were $1.39 billion, down $58.6 million, or 4%, in comparison to the same period in 2012. the decrease was driven mainly by our mid-year 2012 exit of the phosphorus flame retardants business, an impact of $33.6 million, or 2%, and lower pricing due to market conditions of 4% mainly in fire safety solutions and specialty chemicals. other impacts included favorable volumes of 1% due to market demand, mainly in fire safety solutions and specialty chemicals partly offset by lower fine chemistry services volumes, and unfavorable currency impacts of approximately $5.0 million, mainly from the weaker japanese yen (partly offset by favorable impacts from the european union euro). segment income for performance chemicals was down 21%, or $81.7 million, to $316.5 million for the year ended 2013 compared to 2012, as a result of lower pricing due to market conditions of approximately $58.0 million, mainly in fire safety solutions and specialty chemicals, higher variable input costs of natural gas and certain raw materials of approximately $7.0 million, higher manufacturing and sg&a costs of approximately $27.0 million, and unfavorable currency impacts of approximately $7.5 million mainly due to the weaker japanese yen. also contributing to the decrease were delays in product launches in our fine chemistry services businesses and unfavorable volumes in our agricultural intermediates business due to market demand of approximately $4.0 million, and $8.1 million in higher net income attributable to noncontrolling interests associated with a contractual reduction in our share of profits at our jordan joint venture. these were partly offset by favorable volume impacts of approximately $23.0 million from increased demand in fire safety solutions and favorable equity in net income from our unconsolidated investment in magnifin.
catalyst solutions catalyst solutions segment net sales for the year ended december 31, 2013 were $1.0 billion, a decrease of $66.3 million, or 6%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. this decrease was due mainly to unfavorable pricing on lower metals
44
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries surcharges in refinery catalyst solutions of approximately $100.0 million, and lower pricing and volumes in performance catalyst solutions of approximately $16.0 million due to the overall balance of demand and supply, partly offset by favorable volume impacts of approximately $43.0 million due to stronger market demand in refinery catalyst solutions. catalyst solutions segment income decreased 17%, or $45.1 million, to $217.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 in comparison to the corresponding period of 2012. this decrease was due primarily to net unfavorable pricing impacts of approximately $50.0 million, mainly from volatility in metals surcharges and related cost impacts in refinery catalyst solutions, unfavorable manufacturing costs of approximately $16.0 million, unfavorable currency impacts of approximately $6.0 million, mainly from the weaker japanese yen, and $6.4 million lower equity in net income of unconsolidated investments. these were partly offset by favorable volume impacts of approximately $31.0 million mainly in refinery catalysts solutions.
corporate and other for the year ended december 31, 2013, corporate and other income was $81.4 million compared to corporate and other expense of $129.6 million for the corresponding period in 2012. this improvement was primarily due to favorable pension and opeb plan impacts of approximately $211 million. corporate and other income for 2013 includes $143.1 million of pension and opeb benefits (including mark-to market actuarial gains) compared to $68.0 million of pension and opeb costs in 2012. pension and opeb costs included in corporate and other for 2012 include a correction of $10.3 million (comprised of $3.5 million in cost of goods sold and $6.8 million in sg&a) for actuarial gains that relate to 2011.
summary of critical accounting policies and estimates estimates, assumptions and reclassifications the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. listed below are the estimates and assumptions that we consider to be critical in the preparation of our financial statements.
certain amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
recovery of long-lived assets. we evaluate the recovery of our long-lived assets on a reporting unit basis by periodically analyzing our operating results and considering significant events or changes in the business environment.
income taxes. we assume the deductibility of certain costs in our income tax filings, and we estimate the future recovery of deferred tax assets, uncertain tax positions, and indefinite investment assertions.
environmental remediation liabilities. we estimate and accrue the costs required to remediate a specific site depending on site-specific facts and circumstances. cost estimates to remediate each specific site are developed by assessing (i) the scope of our contribution to the environmental matter, (ii) the scope of the anticipated remediation and monitoring plan and (iii) the extent of other parties' share of responsibility.
actual results could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use in the preparation of our financial statements.
revenue recognition we recognize sales when the revenue is realized or realizable, and has been earned, in accordance with authoritative accounting guidance. we recognize net sales as risk and title to the product transfer to the customer, which usually occurs at the time shipment is made. significant portions of our sales are sold free on board shipping point or on an equivalent basis, and other transactions are based upon specific contractual arrangements. our standard terms of delivery are generally included in our contracts of sale, order confirmation documents and invoices. we recognize revenue from services when performance of the services has been completed. we have a limited amount of consignment sales that are billed to the customer upon monthly notification of amounts used by the customers under these contracts. where the company incurs pre-production design and development costs under long-term supply contracts, these costs are expensed where they relate to the products sold unless contractual guarantees for reimbursement exist. conversely, these costs are capitalized if they pertain to equipment that we will own and use in producing the products to be supplied and expect to utilize for future revenue generating activities.
45
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries goodwill and other intangible assets we account for goodwill and other intangibles acquired in a business combination in conformity with current accounting guidance which requires goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets to not be amortized.
we test goodwill for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of our reporting units to the related carrying value. we estimate the fair value based on present value techniques involving future cash flows. future cash flows include assumptions for sales volumes, selling prices, raw material prices, labor and other employee benefit costs, capital additions and other economic or market related factors. significant management judgment is involved in estimating these variables and they include inherent uncertainties since they are forecasting future events. we use a weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") approach to determine our discount rate for goodwill recoverability testing. our wacc calculation incorporates industry-weighted average returns on debt and equity from a market perspective. the factors in this calculation are largely external to the company and, therefore, are beyond our control. we test our recorded goodwill balances for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year or upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting units below their carrying amounts. the company performed its annual goodwill impairment test as of october 31, 2014 and concluded there was no impairment as of that date.
definite-lived intangible assets, such as purchased technology, patents, customer lists and trade names, are amortized over their estimated useful lives generally for periods ranging from five to twenty-five years. we continually evaluate the reasonableness of the useful lives of these assets and test for impairment in accordance with current accounting guidance. see note 11, "goodwill and other intangibles" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
pension plans and other postretirement benefits under authoritative accounting standards, assumptions are made regarding the valuation of benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets. as required, we recognize a balance sheet asset or liability for each of the pension or opeb plans equal to the plan's funded status as of the measurement date. the primary assumptions are as follows:
•   discount rate-the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which is based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future.
•   expected return on plan assets-we project the future return on plan assets based on prior performance and future expectations for the types of investments held by the plans as well as the expected long-term allocation of plan assets for these investments. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs recorded currently.
•   rate of compensation increase-for salary-related plans, we project employees' annual pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement.
•   mortality assumptions-assumptions about life expectancy of plan participants are used in the measurement of related plan obligations.
actuarial gains and losses are recognized annually in our consolidated statements of income in the fourth quarter and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement during a fiscal year. the remaining components of pension and opeb plan expense, primarily service cost, interest cost and expected return on assets, are recorded on a quarterly basis. the market-related value of assets equals the actual market value as of the date of measurement.
during 2014, we made changes to the assumptions related to the discount rate and mortality scales. we consider available information that we deem relevant when selecting each of these assumptions.
in selecting the discount rates for the u.s. plans, we consider expected benefit payments on a plan-by-plan basis. as a result, the company uses different discount rates for each plan depending on the demographics of participants and the expected timing of benefit payments. for 2014, the discount rates were calculated using the results from a bond matching technique developed by milliman, which matched the future estimated annual benefit payments of each respective plan against a portfolio of bonds of high quality to determine the discount rate. we believe our selected discount rates are determined using preferred methodology under authoritative accounting guidance and accurately reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2014 measurement date.
in selecting the discount rates for the foreign plans, we relied on aon hewitt methods, including the aon hewitt top-quartile and a yield curve derived from fixed-income security yields. the yield curve is generally based on a universe containing aa-graded corporate bonds in the euro zone without special features or options, which could affect the duration. in some countries, the yield curve is based on local government bond rates with a premium added to reflect corporate bond risk. payments we expect to be made from our retirement plans are applied to the resulting yield curve. for each plan, the discount
46
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries rate was developed as the level equivalent rate that would produce the same present value as that using spot rates aligned with the projected benefit payments.
at december 31, 2014, the weighted-average discount rate was decreased for the pension plans from 5.00% to 4.03% and for the opeb plans from 5.03% to 4.15% to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2014 measurement date.
in estimating the expected return on plan assets, we consider past performance and future expectations for the types of investments held by the plan as well as the expected long-term allocations of plan assets to these investments. for the years 2014 and 2013, the weighted-average expected rate of return on domestic pension plan assets was 6.91% and 7.25%, respectively. the weighted-average expected rate of return on u.s. pension plan assets is 6.89% effective january 1, 2015. the weighted-average expected rate of return on plan assets for our opeb plans was 7.00% during 2014 and 2013. there has been no change to the assumed rate of return on opeb plan assets effective january 1, 2015. our u.s. defined benefit plan for non-represented employees was closed to new participants effective march 31, 2004 and benefit accruals were frozen effective december 31, 2014. we adopted a defined contribution pension plan for u.s. employees hired after march 31, 2004 which was expanded to include all non-represented employees effective january 1, 2013.
in projecting the rate of compensation increase, we consider past experience in light of movements in inflation rates. at december 31, 2014, the assumed weighted-average rate of compensation increase changed to 3.40% from 2.78% for the pension plans. the assumed weighted-average rate of compensation increase was 3.50% for the opeb plans at december 31, 2014 and 2013.
in october 2014, the society of actuaries published updated mortality tables which reflect increased life expectancy. we revised our mortality assumptions to incorporate the new set of mortality tables issued by the society of actuaries for purposes of measuring our u.s. pension and opeb obligations at december 31, 2014.
at december 31, 2014, the assumed rate of increase in the pre-65 and post-65 per capita cost of covered health care benefits for u.s. retirees was zero as the employer-paid premium caps (pre-65 and post-65) were met starting january 1, 2013.
a variance in the assumptions discussed above would have an impact on the projected benefit obligations, the accrued opeb liabilities, and the annual net periodic pension and opeb cost. the following table reflects the sensitivities associated with a hypothetical change in certain assumptions, primarily in the u.s. (in thousands):
(favorable) unfavorable
1% increase                                                                                       1% decrease increase (decrease)in benefit obligation            increase (decrease)in benefit cost            increase (decrease)in benefit obligation                 increase (decrease)in benefit cost actuarial assumptions discount rate:
pension                           $(78,828                        )                   $(83,161                    )                 $96,139                                                              $100,150
other postretirement benefits     $(6,272                         )                   $(6,006                     )                 $7,735                                                                 $7,395
expected return on plan assets:
pension                           *                                                   $(5,907                     )                 *                                                                      $5,907
other postretirement benefits     *                                                   $(19                        )                 *                                                                         $19
* not applicable.
of the $612.1 million total pension and postretirement assets at december 31, 2014, $80.7 million, or approximately 13%, are measured using significant unobservable inputs (level 3). gains or losses attributable to these assets are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as either an increase or decrease in plan assets. see note 18, "pension plans and other postretirement benefits" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
47
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries income taxes we use the liability method for determining our income taxes, under which current and deferred tax liabilities and assets are recorded in accordance with enacted tax laws and rates. under this method, the amounts of deferred tax liabilities and assets at the end of each period are determined using the tax rate expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. future tax benefits are recognized to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not.
deferred income taxes are provided for the estimated income tax effect of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are also provided for operating losses, capital losses and certain tax credit carryovers. a valuation allowance, reducing deferred tax assets, is established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the realization of such deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient future taxable income of the appropriate character. although realization is not assured, we do not establish a valuation allowance when we believe it is more likely than not that a net deferred tax asset will be realized.
we only recognize a tax benefit after concluding that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained upon audit by the respective taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the associated tax position. once the recognition threshold is met, we recognize a tax benefit measured as the largest amount of the tax benefit that, in our judgment, is greater than 50% likely to be realized. interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities are included in income tax expense.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we are no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax audits by tax authorities for years prior to 2011 since the internal revenue service ("irs") has completed a review of our income tax returns through 2007 and our statute of limitations has expired for 2008 through 2010. in 2014, the irs commenced an audit of 2011 through 2012. we also are no longer subject to any u.s. state income tax audits prior to 2010.
with respect to jurisdictions outside the u.s., we are no longer subject to income tax audits for years prior to 2006. during 2014, the german tax authorities continued the audit of two of our german subsidiaries for 2006 through 2009 that began in 2011. additionally, we received notification from the korean tax authorities of an audit to commence in 2015 for years 2011 through 2013 for one of our korean subsidiaries. in january of 2015, we received notification from the belgium tax authorities of an audit for 2012 through 2013 of one of our belgium subsidiaries. during 2013, the chinese tax authorities completed an audit of one of our chinese subsidiaries for 2006 through 2010 that began in 2011. no significant tax was assessed as a result of the completed audits.
while we believe we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by taxing authorities could be greater than our accrued position. accordingly, additional provisions on federal and foreign tax-related matters could be recorded in the future as revised estimates are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved.
since the timing of resolutions and/or closure of tax audits are uncertain, it is difficult to predict with certainty the range of reasonably possible significant increases or decreases in the liability related to uncertain tax positions that may occur within the next twelve months. our current view is that it is reasonably possible that we could record a decrease in the liability related to uncertain tax positions, relating to a number of issues, up to approximately $0.7 million as a result of closure of tax statutes.
we have designated the undistributed earnings of substantially all of our foreign operations as indefinitely invested and as a result we do not provide for deferred income taxes on the unremitted earnings of these subsidiaries. our foreign earnings are computed under u.s. federal tax earnings and profits ("e&p") principles. in general, to the extent our financial reporting book basis over tax basis of a foreign subsidiary exceeds these e&p amounts, deferred taxes have not been provided, as they are essentially permanent in duration. the determination of the amount of such unrecognized deferred tax liability is not practicable. we provide for deferred income taxes on our undistributed earnings of foreign operations that are not deemed to be indefinitely invested.
stock-based compensation expense the fair value of restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards and performance unit awards with a service condition are determined based on the number of shares or units granted and the quoted price of our common stock on the date of grant, and the fair value of stock options is determined using the black-scholes valuation model. the fair value of performance unit awards with a service and a market condition are estimated on the date of grant using a monte carlo simulation model. the fair value of these awards is determined after giving effect to estimated forfeitures. such value is recognized as expense over the service period, which is generally the vesting period of the equity grant. to the extent restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance unit awards and stock options are forfeited prior to vesting in excess of the estimated forfeiture rate, the corresponding previously recognized expense is reversed as an offset to operating expenses.
48
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting section 404 of the sarbanes oxley act of 2002 ("sox 404") requires that we make an assertion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual reports on form 10-k. our independent registered public accounting firm, pricewaterhousecoopers llp, provides its assessment of our effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. in order to make our assertion, we are required to identify material financial and operational processes, document internal controls supporting the financial reporting process and evaluate the design and effectiveness of these controls. see "management's report on internal control over financial reporting" in item 8.
we have a dedicated sox 404 team to facilitate ongoing internal control testing, provide direction to the business groups and corporate staff in their control processes and assist in the overall assessment of internal control over financial reporting. status and updates are provided to executive management and our audit and finance committee of our board of directors on an ongoing basis. we also retain accounting firms other than our independent registered public accounting firm to assist us in our compliance with sox 404.
our sox 404 effort involves many of our employees around the world, including participation by our business and functional groups. we view our ongoing evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting as more than a regulatory exercise-it provides us an opportunity to continually assess our financial control environment and make us a more effective company.
financial condition and liquidity overview the principal uses of cash in our business generally have been capital investments, funding working capital, acquisitions and repayment of debt. we also make contributions to our u.s. defined benefit pension plans, pay dividends to our shareholders and repurchase shares of our common stock. historically, cash to fund the needs of our business has been principally provided by cash from operations, debt financing and equity issuances.
we are continually focused on working capital efficiency particularly in the areas of accounts receivable and inventory. we anticipate that cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities and long-term borrowings will be sufficient to pay our operating expenses, satisfy debt service obligations, fund capital expenditures and other investing activities, fund pension contributions and pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
cash flow our cash and cash equivalents were $2.5 billion at december 31, 2014 as compared to $477.2 million at december 31, 2013. cash provided by operating activities was $492.6 million, $432.9 million and $488.8 million during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 versus 2013 was primarily due to a decrease in accounts receivable and higher dividends received from unconsolidated investments in 2014, partially offset by a decrease in accrued expenses. the decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2013 versus 2012 was primarily due to a decrease in gross profit from our businesses due mainly to overall unfavorable pricing impacts, unfavorable currency impacts mainly from a weaker japanese yen, and higher manufacturing costs. these were partly offset by favorable impacts from lower variable input costs and favorable overall volumes. the unfavorable impact on cash flow due to lower gross profit was partly offset by lower contributions to our defined benefit pension and opeb plans in 2013. included in contributions for the year ended december 31, 2012 is a contribution of $14.1 million to our supplemental executive retirement plan ("serp") in connection with the retirement of our former ceo and executive chairman.
during 2014, cash on hand and cash provided by operations funded payments of $150.0 million for repurchases of our common stock, capital expenditures for plant, machinery and equipment of $110.6 million, dividends to shareholders of $84.1 million, $33.4 million for the settlement of a forward starting interest rate swap, debt financing costs of $17.6 million and pension and postretirement contributions of $13.9 million. also during 2014, our consolidated joint venture, jbc, paid a dividend of approximately $51 million, which resulted in a dividend to noncontrolling interests of $15.5 million. additionally, in the third quarter of 2014 we closed the sale of our antioxidant, ibuprofen and propofol businesses and assets for net proceeds of $104.7 million and a receivable of $7.6 million, which was collected in the first quarter of 2015. in the fourth quarter of 2014 we issued a series of new senior notes totaling approximately $1.9 billion, as further described in long-term debt below. during 2013, proceeds from borrowings net of repayments, cash on hand and cash provided by operations funded payments of $582.3 million for repurchases of our common stock, capital expenditures for plant, machinery and equipment of $155.3
49
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries million, dividends to shareholders of $78.1 million and pension and postretirement contributions of $13.3 million. also during 2013, our consolidated joint venture, jbc, paid a dividend of approximately $38 million, which resulted in a dividend to noncontrolling interests of $10.0 million. in 2012, cash on hand and cash from operations funded capital expenditures for plant, machinery and equipment of $280.9 million, advances to joint ventures of $25.0 million, repayments of debt, net of borrowings, of $63.8 million, repurchases of shares of our common stock of $63.6 million, dividends to shareholders of $69.1 million and $9.1 million in withholding taxes paid on stock-based compensation amounts distributed during the period.
net current assets increased to approximately $2.21 billion at december 31, 2014 from $1.05 billion at december 31, 2013. the increase in net current assets was due primarily to higher cash on hand at december 31, 2014 in connection with the issuance of new senior notes in 2014, partially offset by the reclassification of our commercial paper notes and 5.10% senior notes from long-term debt to current portion of long-term debt in 2014. other changes in the components of net current assets are due to the timing of the sale of goods and other normal transactions leading up to the balance sheet dates and are not the result of any policy changes by the company, nor do they reflect any change in either the quality of our net current assets or our expectation of success in converting net working capital to cash in the normal course of business.
capital expenditures were $110.6 million, $155.3 million and $280.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and were incurred mainly for plant machinery and equipment. we expect our capital expenditures to approximate $235 million in 2015 for capacity increases, cost reduction and continuity of operations projects.
we made contributions to our defined benefit pension and opeb plans of $13.9 million, $13.3 million and $21.6 million during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. included in contributions for the year ended december 31, 2012 is a contribution of $14.1 million to our serp in connection with the retirement of our former ceo and executive chairman.
on february 12, 2013, our board of directors authorized an increase in the number of shares the company is permitted to repurchase under its existing share repurchase program to 15 million from 3.9 million shares that remained outstanding under the program as of december 31, 2012. during 2014, 2013 and 2012 we repurchased approximately 2.2 million shares, 9.2 million shares and 1.1 million shares of our common stock, respectively, pursuant to the terms of our board authorized share repurchase program. all of the shares repurchased in 2014 and approximately 7.1 million of the shares repurchased in 2013 were also repurchased pursuant to the terms of accelerated share repurchase agreements with major financial institutions. as of december 31, 2014, we had no accelerated share repurchase agreements outstanding.
on february 24, 2015, we increased our quarterly dividend rate to $0.29 per share, a 5% increase from the quarterly rate of $0.275 per share paid in 2014.
during 2014, we initiated action to reduce high cost supply capacity of certain aluminum alkyl products, primarily through the termination of a third party manufacturing contract. based on the contract termination, we estimated costs of approximately $20.5 million for contract termination and volume commitments. additionally, we have recorded an impairment charge of $3.0 million for certain capital project costs also related to aluminum alkyls capacity which we do not expect to recover. after income taxes, these charges were approximately $15.5 million. we expect to realize annual savings of up to $3 million as a result of this capacity reduction, beginning within the next two years.
also during 2014, we incurred $23.6 million of acquisition and integration related costs in connection with the acquisition of rockwood and $6.6 million of acquisition-related costs in connection with other significant projects. we currently anticipate incurring additional acquisition and integration related costs of approximately $200 million over the next two years in connection with the acquisition of rockwood; actual results may differ from this estimate.
on february 19, 2015, verition multi-strategy master fund ltd and verition partners master fund ltd, who collectively owned approximately 882,000 shares of rockwood common stock immediately prior to the merger, commenced an action in the delaware chancery court seeking appraisal of their shares of rockwood stock pursuant to delaware general corporation law § 262. these shareholders exercised their right not to receive the merger consideration which was comprised of (i) $50.65 in cash, without interest, and (ii) 0.4803 of a share of albemarle common stock, for each share of rockwood common stock owned by such shareholders. following the merger, these shareholders ceased to have any rights with respect to their rockwood shares, except for their rights to seek an appraisal of the cash value of their rockwood shares under delaware law. while albemarle intends to vigorously defend against this action, the outcome of the appraisal process cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time.
in connection with the announced realignment of our operating segments effective january 1, 2014, in the fourth quarter of 2013 we initiated a workforce reduction plan which resulted in a reduction of approximately 230 employees worldwide. in the fourth quarter of 2013 we recorded charges of $33.4 million ($21.9 million after income taxes) for termination benefits and
50
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries other costs related to this workforce reduction plan. payments under this workforce reduction plan were substantially completed in 2014.
in 2012, we recorded net charges amounting to $100.8 million ($76.1 million after income taxes) in connection with our exit of the phosphorus flame retardants business. we began to realize favorable profit impacts from this program in the fourth quarter of 2012.
at december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, our cash and cash equivalents included $558.7 million and $388.3 million, respectively, held by our foreign subsidiaries. the majority of these foreign cash balances are associated with earnings that we have asserted are indefinitely invested and which we plan to use to support our continued growth plans outside the u.s. through funding of capital expenditures, acquisitions, research, operating expenses or other similar cash needs of our foreign operations. from time to time, we repatriate cash from our foreign subsidiaries to the u.s. for normal operating needs through intercompany dividends, but only from subsidiaries whose earnings we have not asserted to be indefinitely invested or whose earnings qualify as "previously taxed income" as defined by the internal revenue code. for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we repatriated approximately $10.0 million, $7.2 million and $70.6 million in cash, respectively, as part of these foreign cash repatriation activities. in late december 2014, albemarle commenced the implementation of its plans to access internal cash from albemarle, rockwood and their respective subsidiaries to help fund the merger. the structure implemented did not impact the indefinite investment assertion of albemarle as no taxes were triggered in the movements of albemarle's cash.
while we continue to closely monitor our cash generation, working capital management and capital spending in light of continuing uncertainties in the global economy, we are optimistic that we will continue to have the financial flexibility and capability to opportunistically fund future growth initiatives. additionally, we anticipate that future capital spending including business acquisitions, share repurchases and other cash outlays should be financed primarily with cash flow provided by operations and cash on hand, with additional cash needed, if any, provided by borrowings. the amount and timing of any additional borrowings will depend on our specific cash requirements.
long-term debt in the fourth quarter of 2014, we issued a series of senior notes (collectively, the "2014 senior notes") as follows:
•   €700.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, issued on december 8, 2014, bearing interest at a rate of 1.875% payable annually on december 8 of each year, beginning in 2015. these senior notes mature on december 8, 2021.
•   $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, issued on november 24, 2014, bearing interest at a rate of 3.00% payable semi-annually on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning june 1, 2015. these senior notes mature on december 1, 2019.
•   $425.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, issued on november 24, 2014, bearing interest at a rate of 4.15% payable semi-annually on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning june 1, 2015. these senior notes mature on december 1, 2024.
•   $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, issued on november 24, 2014, bearing interest at a rate of 5.45% payable semi-annually on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning june 1, 2015. these senior notes mature on december 1, 2044.
we also have outstanding $350.0 million of 4.50% senior notes due in 2020.
our senior notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of our other senior unsecured indebtedness from time to time outstanding. the senior notes are effectively subordinated to any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and to the existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries. as is customary for such long-term debt instruments, each senior note outstanding has terms that allow us to redeem the notes before their maturity, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the senior notes to be redeemed, or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis using the comparable government rate (as defined in the indentures governing the senior notes) plus between 25 and 40 basis points, depending on the note, plus, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption. holders may require us to purchase such notes at 101% upon a change of control triggering event, as defined in the indentures. the senior notes are subject to typical events of default, including bankruptcy and insolvency events, nonpayment and the acceleration of certain subsidiary indebtedness of $40 million or more caused by a nonpayment default.
51
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries our $325.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, issued on january 20, 2005 and bearing interest at a rate of 5.10%, matured and were repaid on february 1, 2015. as a result of the refinancing of these senior notes prior to december 31, 2014, these senior notes were included in current portion of long-term debt at december 31, 2014.
in anticipation of refinancing our 5.10% senior notes in the fourth quarter of 2014, on january 22, 2014, we entered into a pay fixed, receive variable rate forward starting interest rate swap with j.p. morgan chase bank, n.a., to be effective october 15, 2014. our risk management objective and strategy for undertaking this hedge was to eliminate the variability in the interest rate and partial credit spread on the 20 future semi-annual coupon payments that we will pay in connection with our 4.15% senior notes. the notional amount of the swap was $325.0 million and the fixed rate was 3.281%, with the cash settlement determined by reference to the changes in the u.s. dollar 3-month libor and credit spreads from the date we entered into the swap until the date the swap was settled (october 15, 2014). this derivative financial instrument was designated accounted for as a cash flow hedge under accounting standards codification ("asc") 815, derivatives and hedging. we determined there was no ineffectiveness during the term of the swap. on october 15, 2014, the swap was settled, resulting in a payment to the counterparty of $33.4 million. this amount was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income and is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 4.15% senior notes.
on february 7, 2014, we entered into a new $750.0 million credit facility. the five-year, revolving, unsecured credit agreement (hereinafter referred to as the february 2014 credit agreement) matures on february 7, 2019 and replaced our previous $750.0 million amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 22, 2011. borrowings bear interest at variable rates based on the libor for deposits in the relevant currency plus an applicable margin which ranges from 0.900% to 1.500%, depending on the company's credit rating from s&p and moody's. the applicable margin on the facility was 1.300% as of december 31, 2014.
borrowings under the february 2014 credit agreement are conditioned upon compliance with the following covenants: (a) consolidated funded debt, as defined in the agreement, must be less than or equal to 3.50 times consolidated ebitda, as defined in the agreement, (which reflects adjustments for certain non-recurring or unusual items such as restructuring charges, facility divestiture charges and other significant non-recurring items), or herein "consolidated adjusted ebitda," as of the end of any fiscal quarter; (b) with the exception of certain liens as specified in the agreement, liens may not attach to assets when the aggregate amount of all indebtedness secured by such liens plus unsecured subsidiary indebtedness, other than indebtedness incurred by our subsidiaries under the february 2014 credit agreement, would exceed 20% of consolidated net worth, as defined in the agreement; and (c) with the exception of certain indebtedness as specified in the agreement, subsidiary indebtedness may not exceed the difference between 20% of consolidated net worth, as defined in the agreement, and indebtedness secured by liens permitted under the agreement.
on august 15, 2014, certain amendments were made to the february 2014 credit agreement which include the following: (a) an increase in the maximum leverage ratio (as described above) from 3.50 to 4.50 for the first four quarters following the completion of the acquisition of rockwood, stepping down by 0.25 on a quarterly basis thereafter until reaching 3.50; (b) modification of the indebtedness covenant to permit the incurrence of indebtedness represented by rockwood's former senior notes due in 2020; and (c) requiring subsidiaries of albemarle that guarantee rockwood's former senior notes or that guarantee the 2014 senior notes to also guarantee the february 2014 credit agreement.
on december 22, 2014, the february 2014 credit agreement was further amended to provide for, among other things, an increase in the aggregate commitments under the facility to $1.0 billion. as of december 31, 2014, there were no borrowings outstanding under the february 2014 credit agreement.
on may 29, 2013, we entered into agreements to initiate a commercial paper program on a private placement basis under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes (the "commercial paper notes") from time-to-time up to a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of $750.0 million. the proceeds from the issuance of the commercial paper notes are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of other debt of the company. our february 2014 credit agreement is available to repay the commercial paper notes, if necessary. aggregate borrowings outstanding under the february 2014 credit agreement and the commercial paper notes will not exceed the $1.0 billion current maximum amount available under the february 2014 credit agreement. the commercial paper notes will be sold at a discount from par, or alternatively, will be sold at par and bear interest at rates that will vary based upon market conditions at the time of issuance. the maturities of the commercial paper notes will vary but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. the definitive documents relating to the commercial paper program contain customary representations, warranties, default and indemnification provisions. at december 31, 2014, we had $367.2 million of commercial paper notes outstanding bearing a weighted-average interest rate of approximately 0.79% and a weighted-average maturity of 25 days. in order to maintain flexibility with regard to our liquidity strategy, in the second quarter of 2014 the commercial paper notes were reclassified from long-term debt to current portion of long-term debt.
52
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries on august 15, 2014, we entered into a term loan credit agreement (the "term loan") providing for a tranche of senior unsecured term loans in an aggregate amount of $1.0 billion. amounts borrowed under the term loan were used to fund a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with the acquisition of rockwood and pay related fees and expenses. borrowings bear interest at variable rates based on an average libor for deposits in dollars plus an applicable margin which ranges from 1.125% to 2.000%, depending on our credit rating from s&p and moody's. as of december 31, 2014, the applicable margin over libor was 1.500%. term loan borrowings will be guaranteed by the subsidiaries of albemarle that guarantee rockwood's former senior notes or that guarantee the 2014 senior notes. the term loan matures 364 days following the date of funding, which occurred on january 12, 2015. borrowings are conditioned upon compliance with one financial covenant which requires that our maximum leverage ratio must be less than or equal to 4.50 times consolidated adjusted ebitda as of the end of any fiscal quarter. as of december 31, 2014, there were no borrowings outstanding under the term loan.
on december 2, 2014, we entered into a new senior unsecured credit facility (the "cash bridge facility") pursuant to which the lenders thereunder provided for up to $1.15 billion in loans. the cash bridge facility is guaranteed by each of the company's subsidiaries that guarantee the february 2014 credit agreement. amounts borrowed under the cash bridge facility were used to fund a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with the acquisition of rockwood and pay related fees and expenses, and mature 60 days following the completion of rockwood acquisition. the interest rate on amounts outstanding will be either (a) libor, or (b) an alternate base rate (defined as the highest of (i) bank of america's prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (iii) a daily rate equal to one-month libor plus 1.00%), plus, in each case, an applicable margin based on our credit rating. structuring and underwriting fees of approximately $19.0 million were paid in 2014 in connection with the bridge facilities. as of december 31, 2014, there were no borrowings outstanding under the cash bridge facility.
the non-current portion of our long-term debt amounted to $2.2 billion at december 31, 2014, compared to $1.1 billion at december 31, 2013. the increase is attributable to the issuance of the 2014 senior notes, partially offset by the reclassification of the commercial paper notes to current portion of long-term debt. in addition, at december 31, 2014, we had the ability to borrow $632.8 million under our commercial paper program and the february 2014 credit agreement, and $212.4 million under other existing lines of credit, subject to various financial covenants under our february 2014 credit agreement. we have the ability and intent to refinance our borrowings under our other existing credit lines with borrowings under the february 2014 credit agreement, as applicable. therefore, the amounts outstanding under those credit lines, if any, are classified as long-term debt. we believe that as of december 31, 2014 we were, and currently are, in compliance with all of our debt covenants.
on january 12, 2015, we completed the acquisition of rockwood for a purchase price of approximately $5.6 billion, comprised of approximately $3.6 billion in cash consideration and approximately $2.0 billion in equity consideration, with rockwood becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of albemarle. the cash consideration was funded with proceeds from our 2014 senior notes and borrowings of $1.0 billion under the term loan, $800.0 million under the cash bridge facility and $250.0 million under the february 2014 credit agreement. in january 2015, the cash bridge facility was repaid in full and repayments totaling $816.5 million were made under the term loan. in february 2015, the remaining balance outstanding under the term loan was repaid in full, and amounts borrowed under the february 2014 credit agreement in connection with the acquisition ($250.0 million) were also repaid in full. such repayments were made with a combination of existing cash, cash acquired from rockwood, cash from operations and borrowings under our commercial paper program.
upon the completion of the rockwood acquisition, we assumed rockwood's 4.625% senior notes due 2020, which had an outstanding balance of approximately $1.2 billion at the date of closing.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business with customers, vendors and others, we have entered into off-balance sheet arrangements, including bank guarantees and letters of credit, which totaled approximately $30.1 million at december 31, 2014. none of these off-balance sheet arrangements has, or is likely to have, a material effect on our current or future financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
53
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries other obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations for capital projects, various take or pay and throughput agreements, long-term debt, operating leases and other commitments as of december 31, 2014 (in thousands):
2015                                                                            2016                2017                2018                               2019            thereafter long-term debt obligations(a)                                    $711,096                 $42                 $45                  $-              $258,280          $1,975,920
expected interest payments on long-term debt obligations(b)        77,805              76,376              76,371              76,371                75,746             610,861
operating lease obligations (rental)                                8,045               5,674               4,638               2,551                 2,029               4,036
take or pay / throughput agreements(c)                             29,433              11,722               6,346               1,818                 1,635               4,394
letters of credit and guarantees                                   17,774               3,528               4,011               1,187                    14               3,629
capital projects                                                   24,292                   -                   -                   -                     -                   -
total                                                            $868,445             $97,342             $91,411             $81,927              $337,704          $2,598,840
(a)   amounts due in 2015 include short-term commercial paper borrowings and our 5.10% senior notes which matured and were repaid on february 1, 2015. on january 12, 2015, in connection with the completion of the acquisition of rockwood, we borrowed $1.0 billion under the term loan, $800.0 million under the cash bridge facility and $250.0 million under the february 2014 credit agreement, which are not included in the above table. in january 2015, the cash bridge facility was repaid in full and repayments totaling $816.5 million were made under the term loan. in february 2015, the remaining balance outstanding under the term loan was repaid in full, and amounts borrowed under the february 2014 credit agreement in connection with the acquisition ($250.0 million) were also repaid in full. such repayments were made with a combination of existing cash, cash acquired from rockwood, cash from operations and borrowings under our commercial paper program.
(b)   interest on our fixed rate borrowings was calculated based on the stated rates of such borrowings. a weighted average interest rate of 0.80% was used for our remaining long-term debt obligations.
(c)   these amounts primarily relate to contracts entered into with certain third party vendors in the normal course of business to secure raw materials for our production processes. in order to secure materials, sometimes for long durations, these contracts mandate a minimum amount of product to be purchased at predetermined rates over a set timeframe.
the contractual obligation at december 31, 2014 to purchase rockwood plus the assumption of rockwood's debt and other obligations has been omitted from the above table. the acquisition was completed on january 12, 2015.
amounts in the table above exclude required employer pension contributions. contributions to our domestic and foreign qualified and nonqualified pension plans, including our serp, are expected to approximate $5 million in 2015. we may choose to make additional pension contributions in excess of this amount. we made contributions of approximately $10.0 million to our domestic and foreign pension plans (both qualified and nonqualified) during the year ended december 31, 2014.
the liability related to uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, recorded in other noncurrent liabilities totaled $25.3 million and $29.8 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. related assets for corresponding offsetting benefits recorded in other assets totaled $22.1 million and $25.7 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we cannot estimate the amounts of any cash payments during the next twelve months associated with these liabilities and are unable to estimate the timing of any such cash payments in the future at this time.
liquidity outlook we anticipate that cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities and borrowings will be sufficient to pay our operating expenses, satisfy debt service obligations, fund any capital expenditures and share repurchases, make pension contributions and pay dividends for the foreseeable future. with the acquisition of rockwood now being closed, our main focus over the next 18 to 24 months, in terms of uses of cash, will be deleveraging to restore our borrowings to more normal levels. however, as we have historically done, we will continue to evaluate the merits of any opportunities that may arise for acquisitions of businesses or assets, which may require additional liquidity.
while we maintain business relationships with a diverse group of financial institutions, an adverse change in their credit standing could lead them to not honor their contractual credit commitments, decline funding under existing but uncommitted lines of credit, not renew their extensions of credit or not provide new financing. while the corporate bond and debt markets remain strong, volatility has increased in all capital markets over the past few years during times of uncertainty, such as european sovereign debt and u.s. budget concerns. if these concerns heighten, we may incur increased borrowing costs and reduced credit capacity as our various credit facilities mature. in addition, our cash flows from operations may be negatively
54
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries affected by adverse consequences to our customers and the markets in which we compete as a result of moderating global economic conditions and reduced capital availability. when the u.s. federal reserve or similar national reserve banks in other countries decide to tighten the monetary supply in response, for example, to improving economic conditions, we may incur increased borrowing costs as interest rates increase on our variable rate credit facilities, as our various credit facilities mature or as we refinance any maturing fixed rate debt obligations.
overall, with generally strong cash-generative businesses and no significant long-term debt maturities before 2019, we believe we have and will maintain a solid liquidity position.
we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $2.5 billion as of december 31, 2014, of which $558.7 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. this cash represents an important source of our liquidity and is invested in short-term investments including time deposits and readily marketable securities with relatively short maturities. with the exception of the cash that was used to (a) fund the cash portion of the merger consideration and (b) repay our 5.10% senior notes, substantially all of this cash is held, and intended for use, outside of the u.s. we anticipate that any needs for liquidity within the u.s. in excess of our cash held in the u.s. can be readily satisfied with borrowings under our existing u.s. credit facilities or our commercial paper program.
safety and environmental matters we are subject to federal, state, local and foreign requirements regulating the handling, manufacture and use of materials (some of which may be classified as hazardous or toxic by one or more regulatory agencies), the discharge of materials into the environment and the protection of the environment. to our knowledge, we are currently complying and expect to continue to comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws, regulations, statutes and ordinances. compliance with existing federal, state, local and foreign environmental protection laws is not expected to have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position, but the costs associated with increased legal or regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our results.
among other environmental requirements, we are subject to the federal superfund law, and similar state laws, under which we may be designated as a prp, and may be liable for a share of the costs associated with cleaning up various hazardous waste sites. management believes that in cases in which we may have liability as a prp, our liability for our share of cleanup is de minimis. further, almost all such sites represent environmental issues that are quite mature and have been investigated, studied and in many cases settled. in de minimis situations, our policy generally is to negotiate a consent decree and to pay any apportioned settlement, enabling us to be effectively relieved of any further liability as a prp, except for remote contingencies. in other than de minimis prp matters, our records indicate that unresolved prp exposures should be immaterial. we accrue and expense our proportionate share of prp costs. because management has been actively involved in evaluating environmental matters, we are able to conclude that the outstanding environmental liabilities for unresolved prp sites should not have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial condition.
our environmental and safety operating costs charged to expense were $35.7 million, $44.0 million and $39.0 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, excluding depreciation of previous capital expenditures, and are expected to be in the same range in the next few years. costs for remediation have been accrued and payments related to sites are charged against accrued liabilities, which at december 31, 2014 totaled approximately $9.2 million, a decrease of $7.4 million from $16.6 million at december 31, 2013. see note 16, "commitments and contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a reconciliation of our environmental liabilities for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
we believe that any sum we may be required to pay in connection with environmental remediation and asset retirement obligation matters in excess of the amounts recorded should occur over a period of time and should not have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows on a consolidated annual basis, although any such sum could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows in a particular quarterly reporting period.
capital expenditures for pollution-abatement and safety projects, including such costs that are included in other projects, were approximately $15.2 million, $14.1 million and $25.4 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. in the future, capital expenditures for these types of projects may increase due to more stringent environmental regulatory requirements and our efforts in reaching sustainability goals. management's estimates of the effects of compliance with governmental pollution-abatement and safety regulations are subject to (a) the possibility of changes in the applicable statutes and regulations or in judicial or administrative construction of such statutes and regulations and (b) uncertainty as to whether anticipated solutions to pollution problems will be successful, or whether additional expenditures may prove necessary.
55
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries recently issued accounting pronouncements in february 2013, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting guidance that requires entities that have obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements and for which the total amount is fixed at the reporting date to measure such obligations as the sum of (a) the amount the entity agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement among its co-obligors, and (b) any additional amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors. entities are also required to disclose the nature, amount and any other relevant information about such obligations. these amendments became effective on january 1, 2014 and had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in march 2013, the fasb issued accounting guidance that clarifies a parent company's accounting for the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment when the parent sells a part or all of its investment in a foreign entity. the guidance clarifies that the sale of an investment in a foreign entity includes both (a) events that result in the loss of a controlling financial interest in a foreign entity, and (b) events that result in an acquirer obtaining control of an acquiree in which it held an equity interest immediately before the acquisition date (sometimes also referred to as a step acquisition). accordingly, the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment should be released into net income upon the occurrence of those events. these amendments became effective on january 1, 2014 and had no impact on our accounting for the sale of our antioxidant, ibuprofen and propofol businesses and assets in 2014.
in july 2013, the fasb issued accounting guidance designed to reduce diversity in practice of financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists. these new requirements became effective on january 1, 2014 and did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
in april 2014, the fasb issued accounting guidance that changes the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and modifies related disclosure requirements to provide users of financial statements with more information about the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of discontinued operations. the guidance modifies the definition of discontinued operations by limiting its scope to disposals of components of an entity that represent strategic shifts that have (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results. additionally, these new requirements require entities to disclose the pretax profit or loss related to disposals of significant components that do not qualify as discontinued operations. these new requirements become effective for public entities in annual periods beginning on or after december 15, 2014 and interim periods within those years. the impact of these new requirements is dependent on the nature of dispositions, if any, after adoption.
in may 2014, the fasb issued accounting guidance designed to enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions and capital markets. the core principle of the guidance is that revenue recognized from a transaction or event that arises from a contract with a customer should reflect the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for goods or services provided. to achieve that core principle the new guidance sets forth a five-step revenue recognition model that will need to be applied consistently to all contracts with customers, except those that are within the scope of other topics in the asc. also required are new disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. the new disclosures include qualitative and quantitative information about contracts with customers, significant judgments made in applying the revenue guidance, and assets recognized related to the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. these new requirements become effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, and early adoption is prohibited. we are assessing the impact of these new requirements on our financial statements.
in june 2014, the fasb issued accounting guidance which clarifies the proper method of accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. the accounting guidance requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. these new requirements become effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2015, and early adoption is permitted. we do not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
in february 2015, the fasb issued accounting guidance that changes the analysis that reporting entities must perform to determine whether certain types of legal entities should be consolidated. specifically, the amendments affect (a) limited partnerships and similar legal entities; (b) the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with variable interest entities, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships; and (c) certain investment funds. these
56
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries amendments are effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after december 15, 2015. we are assessing the impact of these amendments on our financial statements.
