item 1a - risk factors you should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below and all other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, including the documents incorporated by reference, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. if any of the events contemplated by the following risks actually occurs, then our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. the risks and uncertainties below are not the only risks facing our company.
•   the effects of the global economic downturn could have a material adverse effect on our business

the global economy is still showing signs of stress, and could stall or reverse the course of any recovery. if this were to occur it could adversely affect consumer confidence and spending patterns which could result in decreased demand for the products we sell, a delay in purchases, increased price competition, or slower adoption of energy efficient water heaters and boilers which could negatively impact our profitability and cash flows. in addition, a deterioration in current economic conditions, including credit market conditions, could negatively impact our vendors and customers, which could result in an increase in bad debt expense, customer and vendor bankruptcies, interruption or delay in supply of materials, or increased material prices, which could negatively impact our ability to distribute, market and sell our products and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   a portion of our business could be affected by a slowing chinese economy

our sales growth in china has averaged approximately 20 percent per year over the past three years and we anticipate sales growth of approximately two times the rate of china’s gross domestic product growth in 2015. we continue to expand capacity in china to meet local demand. if the growth rate of the chinese economy were to experience a significant slowdown or urbanization was to stall, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   a material loss, cancellation, reduction, or delay in purchases by one or more of our largest customers could harm our business

net sales to our five largest customers represented approximately 35 percent of our sales in 2014. we expect that our customer concentration will continue for the foreseeable future. our dependence on sales to a relatively small number of customers makes our relationship with each of these customers important to our business. we cannot assure that we will be able to retain our largest customers. some of our customers may shift their purchases of products to our competitors in the future. the loss of one or more of our largest customers, any material reduction or delay in sales to these customers, our inability to successfully develop relationships with additional customers, or our inability to execute on pricing actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
•   an energy efficiency regulatory change, enacted as an amendment to the national energy conservation act (naeca iii), will become effective on april 16, 2015 and could negatively impact our north american business

naeca iii increases the energy efficiency standards for u.s. residential water heaters and impacts approximately 80 percent of our u.s. residential products. residential water heaters manufactured after april 15, 2015 must meet the new standards, however, our customers may continue to sell non-compliant water heaters after the naeca iii effective date. as a result of the breadth of this new standard, the changeover to the new compliant products extensively impacts our engineering, manufacturing, logistics operations and procurement activities. the new compliant products are more expensive to manufacture, and we have announced a price increase to our customers. we may experience operating inefficiencies and one-time costs as a result of the changeover to naeca iii compliant products that could materially impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. in addition we may not be able to recover all of our costs incurred in ensuring that our products are compliant with the naeca iii regulation due to uncertainty over pricing actions.
•   our lochinvar-branded sales’ growth could stall resulting in lower than expected sales and earnings

the compound annual growth rate of lochinvar-branded revenues has been over ten percent per year since our acquisition of lochinvar, largely due to the transition in the boiler industry in the u.s. from lower efficiency, non-condensing boilers to higher efficiency, condensing boilers as well as new product introductions. in 2003, approximately five percent of the boilers sold in the u.s. were condensing boilers and by 2013, the percentage had grown to approximately 40 percent and our lochinvar brand is a leader in residential and commercial condensing boilers. we expect the transition to continue, which we
6
believe would result in approximately ten percent growth in lochinvar-branded sales in 2015 and annually for the foreseeable future after 2015 in conjunction with new product introductions. if the transition to higher efficiency, condensing boilers stalls as a result of lower energy costs, another recession occurs, or our competitors’ technologies surpass our technology, our growth rate could be lower than expected.
•   a portion of our business could be adversely affected by a decline in new residential and commercial construction or a decline in replacement related volume

the recovery in residential and commercial construction activity in north america remains fragile and construction could decline again after showing improvements in 2014. we believe that the majority of the business we serve is for replacement of existing products and replacement related volume growth was strong in 2013 and 2014. changes in replacement volume and in the construction market could negatively affect us.
•   a failure in our implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system

we depend on information technology to record and process customers’ orders, manufacture and ship products in a timely manner, and maintain the financial accuracy of our business records. we are in the process of implementing a global enterprise resource planning system that is core to our efforts to redesign and deploy new processes and migrate to a common information system across our plants over a period of several years. there is no certainty that this system will deliver the expected benefits. implementation may impact our ability to process transactions accurately and efficiently, which could increase costs and thereby impact profitability or otherwise impact our business. in addition, the failure to either deliver the application on time, or anticipate the necessary readiness and training needs, could lead to business disruption and loss of customers and revenue and profit.
•   we increasingly sell our products and operate outside the u.s., which may present additional risks to our business

approximately 38 percent of our net sales in 2014 were attributable to products sold outside of the u.s., primarily in china and canada and to a lesser extent in europe and india. approximately 7,100 of our 12,400 total employees as of december 31, 2014 were located in china. at december 31, 2014, approximately $355 million of our cash and marketable securities balances were located in china. international operations generally are subject to various risks, including political, religious, and economic instability, local labor market conditions, the imposition of foreign tariffs and other trade restrictions, the impact of foreign government regulations, the effects of income taxes, governmental expropriation, the imposition or increases in withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by foreign subsidiaries, labor relations problems, the imposition of environmental or employment laws, or other restrictions by foreign governments and differences in business practices. unfavorable changes in the political, regulatory, and business climate could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows or our ability to repatriate funds to the u.s. as of december 31, 2014, approximately $542 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were held by our foreign subsidiaries. we would incur a cost to repatriate these funds to the u.s.
•   because we participate in markets that are highly competitive, our revenues could decline as we respond to competition

we sell all of our products in highly competitive markets. we compete in each of our targeted markets based on product design, reliability, quality of products and services, advanced technologies, product performance, maintenance costs and price. some of our competitors may have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing, research and development and distribution resources than we have. we cannot assure that our products and services will continue to compete successfully with those of our competitors or that we will be able to retain our customer base or improve or maintain our profit margins on sales to our customers, all of which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   if we are unable to develop product innovations and improve our technology and expertise, we could lose customers or market share

our success may depend on our ability to adapt to technological changes in the water heating, boiler and water treatment industries. if we are unable to timely develop and introduce new products, or enhance existing products, in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements or demands, our competitiveness could be materially and adversely affected. our ability to develop and successfully market new products and to develop, acquire, and retain necessary intellectual property rights is essential to our continued success, but cannot reasonably be assured.
7
•   acquisitions have contributed to our financial results and we may not be able to identify or complete future acquisitions, which could adversely affect our future growth

acquisitions we have made have positively impacted our results of operations. while we will continue to evaluate potential acquisitions and intend to use a significant portion of our available capital for future acquisitions, we may not be able to identify and successfully negotiate suitable acquisitions, obtain financing for future acquisitions on satisfactory terms, utilize cash flows from operations, obtain regulatory approval for certain acquisitions, or otherwise complete acquisitions in the future. if we complete any future acquisitions, then we may not be able to successfully integrate the acquired businesses or operate them profitably or accomplish our strategic objectives for those acquisitions. if we complete any future acquisitions in new geographies, our unfamiliarity with local regulations and market customs may impact our ability to operate them profitably or achieve our strategic objectives for those acquisitions. our level of indebtedness may increase in the future if we finance acquisitions with debt, which would cause us to incur additional interest expense and could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and limit our ability to service our debt or obtain additional financing. the impact of future acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   our international operations are subject to risks related to foreign currencies

we have significant operations outside of the u.s., primarily in china and canada and to a lesser extent europe and india, and therefore, hold assets, incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the u.s. dollar. the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollars in our consolidated financial statements. as a result, we are subject to risks associated with operating in foreign countries, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates, or hyperinflation in some foreign countries. furthermore, typically our products are priced in foreign countries in local currencies. as a result, an increase in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to the local currencies of our foreign markets could have a negative effect on our profitability. in addition to currency translation risks, we incur a currency transaction risk whenever one of our subsidiaries enters into either a purchase or sale transaction using a currency different from the operating subsidiaries’ functional currency. these risks may hurt our reported sales and profits in the future or negatively impact revenues and earnings translated from foreign currencies into u.s. dollars.
•   changes in regulations or standards could adversely affect our business

our products are subject to a wide variety of statutory, regulatory and industry standards and requirements related to, among other items, energy efficiency, environmental emissions, labeling and safety. while we believe our products are currently efficient, safe and environment-friendly, a significant change to regulatory requirements, whether federal, foreign, state or local, or otherwise to industry standards, could substantially increase manufacturing costs, impact the size and timing of demand for our products, or put us at a competitive disadvantage, any of which could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
•   our business may be adversely impacted by product defects

product defects can occur through our own product development, design and manufacturing processes or through our reliance on third parties for component design and manufacturing activities. we may incur various expenses related to product defects, including product warranty costs, product liability and recall or retrofit costs. while we maintain a reserve for product warranty costs based on certain estimates and our knowledge of current events and actions, our actual warranty costs may exceed our reserve, resulting in current period expenses and a need to increase our reserves for warranty charges. in addition, product defects and recalls may diminish the reputation of our brand. further, our inability to cure a product defect could result in the failure of a product line or the temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market. any of these events may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
8
•   retention of key personnel is important to our business

attracting and retaining talented employees is important to the continued success of our business. failure to retain key personnel, particularly on the leadership team, would have a material effect on our business and our ability to execute our business strategies in a timely and effective manner.
•   our operations could be adversely impacted by material price volatility and supplier concentration

the market prices for certain raw materials we purchase, primarily steel, have been volatile. significant increases in the cost of any of the key materials we purchase could increase our cost of doing business and ultimately could lead to lower operating earnings if we are not able to recover these cost increases through price increases to our customers. historically, there has been a lag in our ability to recover increased material costs from customers, and that lag could negatively impact our profitability. in addition, in some cases we are dependent on a limited number of suppliers for some of the raw materials and components we require in the manufacture of our products. a significant disruption or termination of the supply from one of these suppliers could delay sales or increase costs which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   we are subject to regulation of our international operations that could adversely affect our business and results of operations

due to our global operations, we are subject to many laws governing international relations, including those that prohibit improper payments to government officials and restrict where we can do business, what information or products we can supply to certain countries and what information we can provide to a non-u.s. government, including but not limited to the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.s. export administration act. violations of these laws may result in criminal penalties or sanctions that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   our results of operations may be negatively impacted by product liability lawsuits and claims

our water heating and boiler products expose us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, sale and use of our products. while we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable product liability insurance, we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms, that this insurance will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities or that our insurance providers will be able to ultimately pay all insured losses. in addition, we self-insure a portion of product liability claims. a series of successful claims against us could materially and adversely affect our reputation and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   our underfunded pension plans require future pension contributions which could limit our flexibility in managing our company

due to the significant negative investment returns in 2008 and falling interest rates in recent years, the projected benefit obligations of our defined benefit pension plans exceeded the fair value of the plan assets by approximately $133 million at december 31, 2014. u.s. employees hired after january 1, 2010 have not participated in our defined benefit plan, and benefit accruals for the majority of current salaried and hourly employees ended on december 31, 2014. we are forecasting that we will not be required to make a contribution to the plan in 2015, and we do not plan to make any voluntary contributions. however, we cannot provide any assurance that contributions will not be required in the future. among the key assumptions inherent in our actuarially calculated pension plan obligation and pension plan expense are the discount rate and the expected rate of return on plan assets. if interest rates and actual rates of return on invested plan assets were to decrease significantly, our pension plan obligations could increase materially. the size of future required pension contributions could result in us dedicating a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to making the contributions which could negatively impact our flexibility in managing the company.
•   we have significant goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and an impairment of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets could cause a decline in our net worth

our total assets include significant goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. our goodwill results from our acquisitions, representing the excess of the purchase prices we paid over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets we acquired. we assess whether there has been impairments in the value of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of each calendar year or sooner if triggering events warrant. if future operating performance at our businesses
9
does not meet expectations, we may be required to reflect non-cash charges to operating results for goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments. the recognition of an impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations and total capitalization, the effect of which could be material. a significant reduction in our stockholders’ equity due to an impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets may affect our ability to maintain the debt-to-capital ratio required under our existing debt arrangements. we have identified the valuation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as a critical accounting policy. see “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations – critical accounting policies – goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets” included in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k.
•   an inability to adequately maintain our information systems and their security, as well as to protect data and other confidential information, could adversely affect our business and reputation

in the ordinary course of business, we collect and store sensitive data and information, including our proprietary and regulated business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as personally identifiable information about our employees. our information systems, like those of other companies, are susceptible to outages due to natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, viruses, break-ins and similar events, or breaches of security. we continue to take steps to maintain and improve data security and address these risks and uncertainties by implementing security technologies, internal controls, network and data center resiliency and recovery processes. however, any operations failure or breach of security from increasingly sophisticated cyber threats could lead to the loss or disclosure of both our and our customers’ financial, product and other confidential information and could result in regulatory actions and have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation.
•   certain members of the founding family of our company and trusts for their benefit have the ability to influence all matters requiring stockholder approval

we have two classes of common equity: our common stock and our class a common stock. the holders of common stock currently are entitled, as a class, to elect only one-third of our board of directors. the holders of class a common stock are entitled, as a class, to elect the remaining directors. certain members of the founding family of our company and trusts for their benefit (smith family) have entered into a voting trust agreement with respect to shares of our class a common stock and shares of our common stock they own. as of december 31, 2014 these members of the smith family own approximately 61.0 percent of the total voting power of our outstanding shares of class a common stock and common stock, taken together as a single class, and approximately 95.6 percent of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our class a common stock, as a separate class. due to the differences in the voting rights between shares of our common stock and shares of our class a common stock, the smith family is in a position to control to a large extent the outcome of matters requiring a stockholder vote, including the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or approval of transactions involving a change of control. this ownership position may increase if other members of the smith family enter into the voting trust agreement, and the voting power relating to this ownership position may increase if shares of our class a common stock held by stockholders who are not parties to the voting trust agreement are converted into shares of our common stock. the voting trust agreement provides that in the event one of the parties to the voting trust agreement wants to withdraw from the trust or transfer any of its shares of our class a common stock, such shares of our class a common stock are automatically exchanged for shares of our common stock held by the trust to the extent available in the trust. in addition, the trust will have the right to purchase the shares of our class a common stock and our common stock proposed to be withdrawn or transferred from the trust. as a result, the smith family members that are parties to the voting trust agreement have the ability to maintain their collective voting rights in our company even if certain members of the smith family decide to transfer their shares.
10
item 7 - management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview our company is comprised of two reporting segments: north america and rest of world. our rest of world segment is primarily comprised of china, europe and india. both segments manufacture and market comprehensive lines of residential and commercial gas, gas tankless and electric water heaters. both segments primarily manufacture and market in their respective region of the world. our north america segment also manufactures and globally markets specialty commercial water heating equipment, condensing and non-condensing boilers and water systems tanks. our rest of world segment also manufactures and markets water treatment products, primarily for asia. on august 22, 2011, we sold our electrical products business (epc) to regal beloit corporation (rbc) for approximately $760 million in cash and approximately 2.83 million shares of rbc common stock valued at $140.6 million as of that date. due to the sale, epc has been reflected as a discontinued operation in the accompanying financial statements for all periods presented. in 2014 our north america segment sales were $1,621.7 million and our rest of world segment sales were $768.3 million.
sales of our products in china grew significantly in 2014. we expect sales in 2015 in china to grow at the rate of approximately two times the rate of china’s gross domestic product (gdp) growth, as we believe overall water heater market growth, geographic expansion, market share gains, growth in water treatment and improved product mix will contribute to our growth. the residential replacement market contributed significantly to 2014 sales in our north america segment. our 2014 north america residential unit sales grew mid-single digits compared to the prior year and commercial sales showed similar unit growth. we expect both north america residential and commercial water heater industry unit growth to be flat or show modest growth in 2015, due to growth the industry experienced in 2014 in excess of the growth rate of the u.s. gdp and the 2014 fourth quarter pre-buy we believe occurred in advance of a regulatory change requiring increased energy efficiency from residential water heaters. lochinvar-branded products contributed $275 million to our net sales in 2014, and we expect ten percent sales growth of lochinvar-branded products in 2015, driven by sales of higher efficiency products and the introduction of new products particularly condensing boilers. approximately 40 percent of lochinvar-branded sales consist of residential and commercial water heaters while the remaining 60 percent of lochinvar-branded sales consist primarily of boilers and related parts.
our stated acquisition strategy includes a number of our water-related strategic initiatives. we will look to continue to grow our core residential and commercial water heating, boiler and water treatment businesses throughout the world. we will also continue to look for opportunities to add to our existing operations in the high growth regions of china and india.
consistent with our stated strategy to expand our core product offering, we acquired lochinvar in 2011. lochinvar, one of the leading manufacturers of residential and commercial boilers in the u.s., fit squarely within our stated strategic growth initiative to expand our core water heating business. in 2013, approximately 40 percent of boilers sold in the u.s. were condensing boilers, compared with five percent ten years ago. our lochinvar brand is a leading brand of higher efficiency, condensing boilers. we expect the transition in the u.s. to higher efficiency boilers will continue into the foreseeable future.
results of operations our sales in 2014 were a record $2,356.0 million surpassing 2013 sales of $2,153.8 million by 9.4 percent. the increase in sales was due to higher volumes of water heaters and boilers in the u.s as well as an 18.4 percent increase in sales to $694.0 million of water heaters and water treatment products in china. our sales in 2013 were higher than 2012 sales of $1,939.3 million by 11.1 percent. the 2013 increase in sales was attributable to higher sales in china and higher volumes of residential and commercial water heaters and boilers in the u.s. sales of water heaters and water treatment products in china grew 25.3 percent to $586.3 million in 2013 as compared to 2012.
our gross profit margin in 2014 increased to 36.5 percent from 35.9 percent in 2013. the impact of increased sales volumes of water heaters and boilers in the u.s., partially offset by higher material costs in the u.s., as well as higher volumes of water heaters and water treatment products in china contributed to higher gross profit margins in 2014. our gross profit margin in 2013 increased 2.3 percent from 33.6 percent in 2012. the higher gross profit margin in 2013 was primarily due to the contribution from increased sales volumes of water heaters and boilers in the u.s., lower material costs in the u.s., and higher sales of water heaters and water treatment products in china as well as higher priced product mix as a result of product introductions with higher value features in china.
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses were $47.6 million higher in 2014 than in 2013. the increase in sg&a expenses in 2014 to $572.1 million was primarily due to higher selling and advertising costs in support of increased volumes in north america and china and approximately $9 million of incremental planned enterprise resource planning system (erp) implementation costs. sg&a expenses were $74.0 million higher in 2013 than in 2012 primarily due to higher selling and advertising expenses in support of increased volumes in north america and china and higher pension expenses in north america.
18
on march 28, 2013, our board of directors approved a plan to transfer residential water heater production from our fergus, ontario plant to our other north american facilities. the majority of our production was consolidated in the second quarter of 2013. as a result of the capacity rationalization, we incurred pre-tax restructuring and impairment expenses of $22.0 million in 2013 related to employee severance costs, impairments of assets and equipment relocation costs. these activities are reflected in the “restructuring, impairment and settlement expenses (income) net” line in the accompanying financial statements.
in addition, included in operating earnings in 2013 is a pre-tax gain of $11.0 million resulting from a settlement with a former supplier related to previous overcharges and warranty costs. operating earnings in 2012 included a pre-tax gain of $3.9 million associated with a legal settlement with a component supplier for our canadian operations. these gains are also reflected in the “restructuring, impairment and settlement expenses (income) net” line in the accompanying financial statements.
also included in 2012 operating earnings is a $3.3 million favorable adjustment related to the finalization of an earn-out obligation from our acquisition of lochinvar. the earn-out adjustment is reflected as “contingent consideration adjustment” in the accompanying financial statements.
pension expense in 2014 was $28.6 million compared to $27.9 million in 2013 and $13.8 million in 2012. the increases in pension expense in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to increases in the amortization of unrecognized net actuarial losses in these years in addition to decreases in the expected rate of return on plan assets.
interest expense was $5.7 million in 2014, unchanged from 2013. interest expense in 2012 was $9.2 million. the higher interest expense in 2012 was due to higher debt levels as a result of the lochinvar acquisition in 2011. in addition, in 2011 we sold epc to rbc and received 2.83 million shares of rbc common stock. during 2012 we sold all of our shares of rbc common stock, the net proceeds of which were used to pay down debt in 2012.
other income was $5.2 million in 2014 compared to $3.8 million in 2013. the increase in other income in 2014 is primarily due to higher interest income. other income of $34.3 million in 2012 was primarily comprised of $27.2 million of pre-tax gains on the sale of the shares of rbc common stock received in the sale of epc, net of the impact of the rbc share collar described below with most of the remainder of 2012 net other income resulting from interest income on investments resulting from the sale of epc. we received the rbc common stock in august 2011 under an agreement that we executed in december 2010. the rbc share price appreciated in 2011 during which we entered into an equity collar contract for 50 percent of the shares that we expected to receive to protect a portion of the appreciation. the collar did not qualify for hedge accounting and therefore was adjusted to fair value through earnings from continuing operations.
our effective tax rate was 27.5 percent in 2014, compared with 28.2 percent in 2013 and 30.4 percent in 2012. the rate decline from 2012 to 2013 is primarily due to increased profits in jurisdictions with lower enacted income tax rates than the u.s., principally china.
our 2012 net earnings include discontinued operations after-tax losses of $3.9 million, or $.04 per diluted share, related to the sale of epc which occurred in 2011. included in discontinued operations in 2012 was $6.4 million of expense representing the correction of an error primarily due to our calculation of taxes due upon repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings.
north america our north america segment sales were $1,621.7 million in 2014 or $101.7 million higher than sales of $1,520.0 million in 2013. the sales increase in 2014 benefitted from higher volumes of water heaters and boilers in the u.s. which were partially offset by lower water heater sales in canada, primarily due to a decline in the value of the canadian dollar of approximately seven percent versus the u.s. dollar. sales in 2013 were $89.2 million higher than sales of $1,430.8 million in 2012. the sales increase in 2013 was primarily due to higher sales of residential and commercial water heaters and boilers in the u.s.
north america operating earnings were $238.7 million in 2014 as compared to operating earnings of $211.9 million and $199.8 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. adjusted segment operating earnings were $253.4 million in 2014 as compared to adjusted segment operating earnings of $237.7 million and $197.0 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. higher operating earnings and adjusted operating earnings in 2014 were primarily due to higher volumes in the u.s. which were partially offset by higher material costs and approximately $9 million of incremental planned erp implementation costs. operating margins were 14.7 percent in 2014 and 13.9 percent in 2013. adjusted segment operating margins were 15.6 percent in both 2014 and 2013. in 2012, operating margins were 14.0 percent and adjusted operating margins were 13.8 percent. higher adjusted segment operating margins in 2013 as compared to 2012 were primarily due to higher incremental margins associated with increased volumes of water heaters and boilers in the u.s. as well as lower material costs.
19
adjusted segment operating earnings in 2014 exclude $14.7 million of pre-tax non-operating pension costs. adjusted segment operating earnings in 2013 exclude $22.0 million of pre-tax restructuring and impairment charges associated with the transfer of production from fergus, ontario, an $11.0 million pre-tax gain on the settlement with a former supplier and $14.8 million of pre-tax non-operating pension costs. adjusted segment operating earnings in 2012 exclude a pre-tax gain of $3.9 million associated with a legal settlement with a component supplier for our canadian operations, a $3.3 million favorable adjustment to our estimate of the lochinvar earn-out obligation and $4.4 million of pre-tax non-operating pension costs.
in order to provide improved transparency into the operating results of our business, we are providing non-gaap measures (adjusted earnings, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted segment operating earnings and adjusted segment operating margins) that exclude certain items as well as non-operating pension costs consisting of interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of actuarial gains (losses) and curtailments. prior year results are provided on a comparable basis. reconciliations to measures on a gaap basis are provided later in this section. we do not plan to provide non-gaap measures in 2015.
rest of world sales for our rest of world segment in 2014 were $768.3 million or $100.3 million higher than sales of $668.0 million in 2013 due to an 18.4 percent increase in sales in china, driven by increased demand for water heaters and water treatment products and higher priced product mix that was partially offset by lower sales in india resulting from weakness in the housing market and the termination of a co-branding relationship with our largest distributor. sales for our rest of world segment in 2013 were $125.5 million higher than sales of $542.5 million in 2012 due to increased demand for water heaters and water treatment products in china and market acceptance of our newer, higher value a. o. smith branded products in china.
rest of world operating earnings were $106.7 million in 2014 compared to operating earnings of $88.0 million and $59.6 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. segment operating margins were 13.9 percent in 2014 as compared to 13.2 percent and 11.0 percent in 2013 and 2012, respectively. higher operating earnings and operating margins in 2014 were due to higher sales of water heaters and water treatment products in china as well as a higher priced product mix as a result of product introductions with higher value features which was partially offset by larger losses in india. losses in india were $7.5 million in 2014, including approximately $1 million of product development and advertising expenses related to our planned 2015 launch of water treatment products. higher operating earnings and margins in 2013 as compared to 2012 were due to higher volumes and a more favorable mix of water heaters and water treatment products in china that were partially offset by larger losses in india due to higher costs for new product introductions and brand building as well as devaluation of the indian rupee.
liquidity and capital resources our working capital was $713.8 million at december 31, 2014 compared with $614.7 million and $608.3 million at december 31, 2013 and december 31, 2012 respectively. cash generated by our business in china and sales-related increases in accounts receivable and inventory levels explain the majority of the increase in 2014. sales-related increases in accounts receivable and inventory levels were partially offset by similar increases in accounts payable, resulting in essentially no change in working capital in 2013 as compared to 2012. as of december 31, 2014, all of the $541.9 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was held by our foreign subsidiaries. we would incur a cost to repatriate these funds to the u.s. and have an accrual of $50.7 million for the repatriation of a portion of these funds.
operating cash provided by continuing operations during 2014 was $265.7 million compared with $282.2 million during 2013 and $171.8 million during 2012. higher earnings in 2014 were more than offset by higher outlays for working capital. the improvement in cash flows in 2013 was primarily due to higher earnings from operations and lower outlays for working capital. we expect cash provided by operating activities in 2015 to be between $270 and $280 million.
our capital expenditures were $86.1 million in 2014, $97.7 million in 2013 and $69.9 million in 2012. included in 2014 capital expenditures was approximately $32 million related to our erp implementation. included in 2013 capital expenditures was approximately $45 million in china and india for the construction of a second water heater manufacturing plant in nanjing, china and to continue the expansion of our manufacturing plant near bangalore, india. the new plant in china, which opened in october 2013, is projected to add 50 percent more capacity, when fully utilized, to our china water heater operations to meet local demand. we also continue to expand our india plant to accommodate more water heater models, in-source some component manufacturing and meet local demand. approximately $19 million of expenditures in 2013 related to the implementation of our new erp system. we are projecting 2015 capital expenditures of between $100 and $110 million and 2015 depreciation and amortization of approximately $66 million. we expect capital spending in 2015 to include approximately $20 million related to our erp implementation and approximately $30 million related to capacity expansion in china and in the u.s. for lochinvar branded products to support growth.
20
in december 2012, we completed a $400 million multi-currency five year revolving credit facility with a group of eight banks. the facility has an accordion provision which allows it to be increased up to $500 million if certain conditions (including lender approval) are satisfied. borrowing rates under the facility are determined by our leverage ratio. the facility requires us to maintain two financial covenants, a leverage ratio test and an interest coverage test, and we were in compliance with the covenants as of december 31, 2014.
the facility backs up commercial paper and credit line borrowings, and it expires on december 12, 2017. as a result of the long-term nature of this facility, the commercial paper and credit line borrowings, as well as drawings under the facility are classified as long-term debt. at december 31, 2014, we had available borrowing capacity of $219.5 million under this facility. we believe that the combination of cash, available borrowing capacity and operating cash flow will provide sufficient funds to finance our existing operations for the foreseeable future.
our total debt increased to $223.8 million at december 31, 2014 compared with $191.9 million at december 31, 2013, as our cash flows generated in the u.s were more than offset by our share repurchase activity. as a result, our leverage, as measured by the ratio of total debt to total capitalization, was 13.9 percent at the end of 2014 compared with 12.6 percent at the end of 2013.
our u.s. pension plan continues to meet all funding requirements under erisa regulations. we were not required to make a contribution to our pension plan in 2014 and we did not make any voluntary contributions. we forecast that we will not be required to make a contribution to the plan in 2015 and we do not plan to make any voluntary contributions in 2015. for further information on our pension plans, see note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
during 2014, our board of directors authorized the purchase of an additional 3,500,000 shares of our common stock. in 2014, we repurchased 2,154,783 shares at an average price of $48.19 per share and at a total cost of $103.8 million. at december 31, 2014, a total of 2,497,993 shares remained on the existing repurchase authorization. depending on factors such as stock price, working capital requirements and alternative investment opportunities, we expect to spend approximately $100 million on stock repurchase activity in 2015.
we have paid dividends for 75 consecutive years with payments increasing each of the last 23 years. we paid total dividends of $.60 per share in 2014 compared with $.46 per share in 2013. in january, 2015 we increased our dividend and anticipate paying total dividends of $.76 per share in 2015.
discontinued operations financial information is provided in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
aggregate contractual obligations a summary of our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014, is as follows:
(dollars in millions)                                                                                              payments due by period contractual obligations                                   total     less than               1 - 2             3 - 5           more than
1 year               years             years           5 years long-term debt                                           $223.8         $13.7              $202.1              $8.0           $—
fixed rate interest                                         4.0           2.0                 1.8               0.2                  —
operating leases                                           25.7           7.6                 9.5               5.5           3.1
purchase obligations                                      103.6          92.4                 5.5               5.7                  —
pension and post-retirement obligations                   159.7           1.3                 3.8               8.8           145.8
total                                                    $516.8        $117.0              $222.7             $28.2           $148.9
as of december 31, 2014, our liability for uncertain income tax positions was $1.2 million. due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding timing of potential future cash flows associated with these liabilities, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which these liabilities might be paid.
we utilize blanket purchase orders to communicate expected annual requirements to many of our suppliers. requirements under blanket purchase orders generally do not become committed until several weeks prior to our scheduled unit production. the purchase obligation amount presented above represents the value of commitments that we consider firm.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards codification (asc) 606-10, revenue from contracts with customers (issued under accounting standards update no. 2014-09). asc 606-10 will replace all
21
existing revenue recognition guidance when effective. asc 606-10 is effective for the year beginning january 1, 2017. either full retrospective adoption or modified retrospective adoption is allowed under asc 606-10. we are in the process of determining whether the adoption of asc 606-10 will have an impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
critical accounting policies our accounting policies are described in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements. also as disclosed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. requires the use of estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. therefore, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. actual results inevitably will differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to the financial statements.
the most significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our financial statements include estimates associated with the evaluation of the impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, as well as significant estimates used in the determination of liabilities related to warranty activity, product liability, and pensions. various assumptions and other factors underlie the determination of these significant estimates. the process of determining significant estimates is fact-specific and takes into account factors such as historical experience and trends, and in some cases, actuarial techniques. we monitor these significant factors and adjustments are made when facts and circumstances dictate. historically, actual results have not significantly deviated from those determined using the estimates described above.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in conformity with u.s. gaap, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. we perform impairment reviews for our reporting units using a fair-value method based on management’s judgments and assumptions. the fair value represents the estimated amount at which a reporting unit could be bought or sold in a current transaction between willing parties on an arms-length basis. the estimated fair value is then compared with the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including recorded goodwill. we are subject to financial statement risk to the extent that goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets become impaired. any impairment review is, by its nature, highly judgmental as estimates of future sales, earnings and cash flows are utilized to determine fair values. however, we believe that we conduct annual thorough and competent valuations of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and that there has been no impairment in goodwill or indefinite-lived assets in 2014.
product warranty our products carry warranties that generally range from one to ten years and are based on terms that are generally accepted in the market. we provide for the estimated cost of product warranty at the time of sale. the product warranty provision is estimated based upon warranty loss experience using actual historical failure rates and estimated costs of product replacement. the variables used in the calculation of the provision are reviewed on a periodic basis. at times, warranty issues may arise which are beyond the scope of our historical experience. we provide for any such warranty issues as they become known and estimable. while our warranty costs have historically been within calculated estimates, it is possible that future warranty costs could differ significantly from those estimates. the allocation of the warranty liability between current and long-term is based on the expected warranty liability to be paid in the next year as determined by historical product failure rates.
product liability due to the nature of our products, we are subject to product liability claims in the normal course of business. we maintain insurance to reduce our risk. most insurance coverage includes self-insured retentions that vary by year. in 2014, we maintained a self-insured retention of $7.5 million per occurrence with an aggregate insurance limit of $125.0 million per occurrence.
we establish product liability reserves for our self-insured retention portion of any known outstanding matters based on the likelihood of loss and our ability to reasonably estimate such loss. there is inherent uncertainty as to the eventual resolution of unsettled matters due to the unpredictable nature of litigation. we make estimates based on available information and our best judgment after consultation with appropriate advisors and experts. we periodically revise estimates based upon changes to facts or circumstances. we also use an actuary to calculate reserves required for estimated incurred but not reported claims as well as to estimate the effect of adverse development of claims over time. at december 31, 2014 our reserve for product liability was $40.8 million.
22
pensions we have significant pension benefit costs that are developed from actuarial valuations. the valuations reflect key assumptions regarding, among other things, discount rates, expected return on plan assets, retirement ages, and years of service. consideration is given to current market conditions, including changes in interest rates in making these assumptions. our assumption for the expected return on plan assets was 7.75 percent in 2014 compared to 8.00 percent in 2013. the discount rate used to determine net periodic pension costs increased to 4.85 percent in 2014 from 4.05 percent in 2013. for 2015, our expected return on plan assets is 7.75 percent and our discount rate is 4.05 percent.
in developing our expected return on plan assets, we evaluate our pension plan’s current and target asset allocation, the expected long-term rates of return of equity and bond indices and the actual historical returns of our pension plan. our plan’s target allocation to equity managers is approximately 50 percent, with the remainder allocated primarily to bond managers and a small allocation to private equity managers and real estate managers. our actual asset allocation as of december 31, 2014, was 50 percent to equity managers, 37 percent to bond managers, eight percent to real estate managers, four percent to private equity managers and the remainder in money market instruments. we regularly review our actual asset allocation and periodically rebalance our investments to our targeted allocation when considered appropriate. our pension plan’s historical ten-year and 25-year compounded annualized returns are 6.9 percent and 9.6 percent, respectively. we believe that with our target allocation and the expected long-term returns of equity and bond indices as well as our actual historical returns, our 7.75 percent expected return on plan assets for 2015 is reasonable.
the discount rate assumptions used to determine future pension obligations at december 31, 2014 and 2013 were based on the aonhewitt aa only above median yield curve, which was designed by aonhewitt to provide a means for plan sponsors to value the liabilities of their postretirement benefit plans. the aa only above median curve represents a series of annual discount rates from bonds with aa minimum average rating as rated by moody’s investor service, standard &poor’s and fitch ratings. we will continue to evaluate our actuarial assumptions at least annually, and we will adjust the assumptions as necessary.
we estimate that we will recognize minimal pension expense in 2015 compared to $28.6 million in 2014. we have made changes to our pension plan including closing the plan to new entrants effective january 1, 2010, and the sunset of our plan for the majority of our employees on december 31, 2014 which we believe will significantly decrease pension expense beginning in 2015. lowering the expected return on plan assets by 25 basis points would increase our net pension expense for 2015 by approximately $1.9 million. lowering the discount rate by 25 basis points would decrease our 2015 net pension expense by approximately $0.1 million.
non-gaap measures we provide non-gaap measures (adjusted earnings, adjusted earnings per share, and adjusted segment operating earnings) that exclude certain items as well as non-operating pension costs consisting of interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of actuarial gains (losses) and curtailments. we believe that these components of pension cost better reflect ongoing operating related costs of providing pension benefits to our employees.
as such, we believe that the measures of adjusted earnings, adjusted earnings per share and adjusted segment operating earnings provide management and investors with a useful measure of our operational results. we have prepared quarterly and annual reconciliations of adjusted earnings, adjusted earnings per share and adjusted segment operating earnings for the years 2012-2014, which have been provided in the supplemental financial data documents posted in the investor relations section on our website in addition to the following reconciliations.
23
a. o. smith corporation adjusted earnings and adjusted eps
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
(unaudited)
the following is a reconciliation of earnings and diluted earnings per share (eps) to adjusted earnings (non-gaap) and adjusted eps (non-gaap):
years ended december 31,
2014                   2013                    2012
earnings from continuing operations (gaap)                                                                             $207.8                  $169.7                  $162.6
non-operating pension costs, before tax                                                                                  21.7                    19.7                     6.8
tax effect of non-operating pension costs                                                                               (8.5    )                (7.8   )                (2.6   )
restructuring and impairment expenses, before tax                                                                       —                        22.0                       —
tax effect of restructuring and impairment expenses                                                                     —                        (5.6   )                   —
settlement income, before tax                                                                                           —                       (11.0   )                (3.9   )
tax effect of settlement income                                                                                         —                         4.2                     1.0
contingent consideration adjustment, before tax                                                                         —                           —                    (3.3   )
tax effect of contingent consideration adjustment                                                                       —                           —                     1.3
net gain on shares of regal beloit corporation stock and collar adjustments, before tax                                 —                           —                   (27.2   )
tax effect of net gain on shares of regal beloit corporation stock and collar adjustments                               —                           —                    10.4
adjusted earnings                                                                                                      $221.0                  $191.2                  $145.1
diluted continuing eps (gaap)                                                                                           $2.28                   $1.83                   $1.75
non-operating pension costs per diluted share, before tax                                                                0.24                    0.21                    0.07
tax effect of non-operating pension costs per diluted share                                                             (0.09   )               (0.08   )               (0.03   )
restructuring and impairment expenses per diluted share, before tax                                                     —                        0.23                       —
tax effect of restructuring and impairment expenses per diluted share                                                   —                       (0.06   )                   —
settlement income per diluted share, before tax                                                                         —                       (0.12   )               (0.04   )
tax effect of settlement income per diluted share                                                                       —                        0.05                    0.01
contingent consideration adjustment per diluted share, before tax                                                       —                           —                   (0.03   )
tax effect of contingent consideration adjustment per diluted share                                                     —                           —                    0.01
net gain on shares of regal beloit corporation stock and collar adjustments per diluted share, before tax               —                           —                   (0.29   )
tax effect of net gain on shares of regal beloit corporation stock and collar adjustments per diluted share             —                           —                    0.11
adjusted eps                                                                                                            $2.43                   $2.06                   $1.56
24
a. o. smith corporation adjusted segment operating earnings
(dollars in millions)
(unaudited)
the following is a reconciliation of segment operating earnings to adjusted segment operating earnings (non-gaap):
years ended december 31,
2014                  2013                  2012
segment operating earnings (gaap)
north america                                       $238.7                $211.9                $199.8
rest of world                                        106.7                  88.0                  59.6
inter-segment earnings elimination                    (0.1   )                 —                     —
total segment operating earnings (gaap)             $345.3                $299.9                $259.4
adjustments north america                                        $14.7                 $25.8                 $(2.8   )
rest of world                                            —                     —                     —
total adjustments                                    $14.7                 $25.8                 $(2.8   )
adjusted segment operating earnings north america                                       $253.4                $237.7                $197.0
rest of world                                        106.7                  88.0                  59.6
inter-segment earnings elimination                    (0.1   )                 —                     —
total adjusted segment operating earnings           $360.0                $325.7                $256.6
additional information:
years ended december 31,
2014               2013                   2012
adjustments: north america segment non-operating pension costs                     $14.7                  $14.8             $4.4
restructuring and impairment expenses              —                    22.0                     —
settlement income                                  —                   (11.0   )              (3.9   )
contingent consideration adjustment                —                       —                  (3.3   )
total north america segment adjustments         $14.7                  $25.8             $(2.8       )
the following is a reconciliation of diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (gaap) to diluted adjusted eps from continuing operations (non-gaap). we will not report adjusted eps for 2015:
2015                                              year ended guidance
2014        2013                 2012
diluted eps from continuing operations (gaap)                                    $2.65 - $2.80         $2.28                $1.83                $1.75
non-operating pension costs per diluted share, net of tax                                               0.15                 0.13                 0.04
restructuring and impairment expenses per diluted share, net of tax                                       —                  0.17                    —
settlement income per diluted share, net of tax                                                           —                 (0.07   )            (0.03   )
gain on sale of rbc shares and collar adjustment per diluted share, net of tax                            —                     —                (0.18   )
contingent consideration adjustment per diluted share, net of tax                                         —                     —                (0.02   )
adjusted eps from continuing operations                                                                $2.43                $2.06                $1.56
25
outlook as we enter 2015, we continue to expect strong, profitable growth in china, driven by expected continued overall market growth, market share gains, improved product mix and water treatment growth. we expect sales in 2015 in china to grow at the rate of approximately two times the rate of china’s gross domestic product growth. in the u.s. we believe an expected continued transition from non-condensing, lower efficiency boilers to condensing, higher efficiency boilers, as well as continued new product introductions, will allow lochinvar branded sales to continue the ten percent pace of growth in 2015. we believe residential and commercial water heater volumes in the u.s. will be flat or show modest growth in 2015, as we expect new construction activity to slowly improve. an energy efficiency regulatory change impacting approximately 80 percent of u.s. residential water heaters will become effective april 16, 2015. our new compliant products are more expensive to manufacture, and we announced an average price increase of approximately 20 percent on these products. we expect some operating inefficiencies and one-time costs in the first half of 2015 as we implement the changeover to the new compliant residential water heater line.
combining all these factors, we expect 2015 sales to increase approximately ten percent from 2014 and 2015 earnings to be in the range of $2.65 to $2.80 per share.
other matters environmental our operations are governed by a number of federal, foreign, state, local and environmental laws concerning the generation and management of hazardous materials, the discharge of pollutants into the environment and remediation of sites owned by the company or third parties. we have expended financial and managerial resources complying with such laws. expenditures related to environmental matters were not material in 2014 and are not expected to be material in any single year. we have reserves associated with environmental obligations at various facilities and we believe these reserves are sufficient to cover reasonably anticipated remediation costs. although we believe that our operations are substantially in compliance with such laws and maintain procedures designed to maintain compliance, there are no assurances that substantial additional costs for compliance will not be incurred in the future. however, since the same laws govern our competitors, we should not be placed at a competitive disadvantage.
market risk we are exposed to various types of market risks, primarily currency. we monitor our risks in such areas on a continuous basis and generally enter into forward contracts to minimize such exposures for periods of less than one year. we do not engage in speculation in our derivatives strategies. further discussion regarding derivative instruments is contained in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the effect of fluctuating foreign currencies. at december 31, 2014, we had net foreign currency contracts outstanding of $141.5 million. assuming a hypothetical ten percent movement in the respective currencies, the potential foreign exchange gain or loss associated with the change in rates would amount to $14.2 million. gains and losses from our forward contract activities will be offset by gains and losses in the underlying transactions being hedged.
our earnings exposure related to movements in interest rates is primarily derived from outstanding floating-rate debt instruments that are determined by short-term money market rates. at december 31, 2014, we had $180.5 million in outstanding floating-rate debt with a weighted-average interest rate of 1.3 percent at year end. a hypothetical ten percent annual increase or decrease in the year-end average cost of our outstanding floating-rate debt would result in a change in annual pre-tax interest expense of approximately $0.2 million.
forward-looking statements this filing contains statements that the company believes are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “forecast,” “guidance” or words of similar meaning. these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this filing. important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these expectations include, among other things, the following: uncertain operating inefficiencies, costs and effects of pricing actions associated with the implementation of the national appliance energy conservation act update (naeca iii) energy efficiency standard change applicable to u.s. residential water heaters; uncertain cost savings and timeframes associated with the implementation of the new enterprises resources planning system; potential weakening in the high efficiency boiler segment in the u.s.; the ability to execute our acquisition strategy; significant volatility in raw material prices; competitive pressures on the company’s businesses; inability to implement pricing actions; instability in the company’s replacement markets; strength or duration of any recoveries in u.s. residential or commercial construction; a slowdown in the growth of the chinese economy;
26
foreign currency fluctuations; and adverse general economic conditions and capital market deterioration. forward-looking statements included in this filing are made only as of the date of this release, and the company is under no obligation to update these statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributed to the company, or persons acting on its behalf, are qualified entirely by these cautionary statements.
