item 1a. risk factors the factors and risks discussed below, as well as the matters that are generally set forth in this annual report on form 10-k and the documents incorporated herein by reference, could materially adversely
4
table of contents affect our business, including our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and cause the value of our securities to decline. the risks described below are not exhaustive. our ability to attain our goals and objectives is dependent on numerous factors and risks, including but not limited to, the following:
the demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in 2014, approximately 76% of our sales were from international operations. we have operations in over 50 countries and our domestic and international operations are strongly influenced by matters beyond our control, including changes in political, social, economic and labor conditions, tax laws (including u.s. taxes on foreign earnings), and international trade regulations (including tariffs), as well as the impact of these changes on the underlying demand for our products.
a decline in economic activity in the u.s. and other regions of the world could result in a material adverse effect on our business as a result of, among other things, reduced consumer spending, declines in asset valuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability, volatility in securities prices, credit rating downgrades, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, such as the recent decline in the value of the euro. declines in economic conditions in the u.s., europe, and asia could materially adversely affect our customers, suppliers and businesses similar to ours. these declines could result in a variety of negative effects, including lower revenues, increased costs, lower gross margin percentages, increased allowances for doubtful accounts and/or write-offs of accounts receivable, and required recognition of impairments of capitalized assets, including goodwill and other intangibles. a decline in economic conditions, such as the recent macroeconomic challenges in the u.s. and europe, the slowdown in the growth of the chinese economy and the debt crisis in certain countries in the european union, or business and operational disruptions or delays caused by political, social or economic instability and unrest, such as the ongoing significant civil, political and economic disturbances in russia, ukraine and the surrounding areas, could also have other material adverse effects on our business. the current political situation in ukraine, the sanctions imposed against russia by certain european nations and the u.s. and russia's response to these sanctions may further increase the economic uncertainty in the affected regions and lead to further fluctuation in the value of foreign currencies used in these regions, such as the euro and the ruble. in addition, uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets could cause volatility and disruption in the global and u.s. economies, which could materially adversely impact our business, including the availability and cost of supplies and materials and our ability to obtain financing at reasonable costs. we are not able to predict the duration and severity of adverse economic conditions in the u.s. and other countries.
we are affected by competitive conditions and customer preferences. if we do not compete effectively, we could lose market share or reduce selling prices, materially adversely affecting our business.
we are at risk that our competitors will expand in our key market segments and implement new technologies, enhancing their competitive position relative to ours. competitors also may be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or other incentives that we cannot or would not offer or that would make our products less profitable. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors.
we also are at risk with regard to changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases, which may be affected by announced price changes, changes in our incentive programs, or changes in the customer's ability to achieve incentive goals. changes in customers' preferences for our products can also affect the demand for our products. decline in demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business.
5
table of contents as a manufacturer, our sales and profitability are dependent upon the cost and availability of raw materials and energy, which are subject to price fluctuations, and our ability to control or pass on raw material and labor costs. raw material cost increases could materially adversely affect our business.
the pricing environment for raw materials used in our businesses could become challenging and volatile.
additionally, energy costs can be volatile and unpredictable. inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials, labor and energy have occurred in the past, and could recur. in addition, rules adopted by the sec pursuant to section 1502 of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act requiring disclosure concerning the use of certain minerals that are mined from the democratic republic of congo and adjoining countries
("conflict mineral rules"). in an effort to minimize adverse disclosures, we could make alternative sourcing and supply decisions for materials used in certain of our products, which could materially adversely affect our pricing terms, particularly if suppliers incur significant additional costs and expenses in making the determinations required to support this disclosure or if the number of suppliers offering minerals identified as "conflict free"
is limited. our performance depends in part on our ability to pass on cost increases for raw materials to customers by raising the selling prices for our products and our ability to improve productivity. depending on market dynamics and the terms of customer contracts, our ability to recover these costs by increasing prices may be limited. also, it is important for us to obtain timely delivery of materials, equipment, and other resources from suppliers, and to make timely delivery to customers. it is possible that any of our supplier relationships could be interrupted due to natural and other disasters or other events, or be terminated in the future. a disruption to our supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability, and any sustained interruption in our receipt of adequate supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business.
because our products are sold by third parties, our business depends in part on the financial health of these parties.
our products are not sold only by us, but by third-party distributors and retailers as well. some of our distributors also market products that compete with our products. changes in the financial or business conditions or the purchasing decisions of these third parties or their customers could materially adversely affect our business.
we outsource some of our manufacturing. if there are significant changes in the quality control or financial or business condition of these outsourced manufacturers, our business could be negatively impacted.
we manufacture most of our products, but we also occasionally use third-party manufacturers for specialty jobs or capacity overflow. outsourcing manufacturing reduces our ability to prevent product quality issues, late deliveries, customer dissatisfaction and compliance with customer requirements for labor standards. because of possible quality issues and customer dissatisfaction, deficiencies in the performance of outsourced manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our operations and activities outside of the u.s. may subject us to risks different from and potentially greater than those associated with our domestic operations.
a substantial portion of our employees and assets are located outside of the u.s., and for the year ended january
3, 2015, approximately 76% of our sales were generated from customers located outside of the u.s. international operations and activities involve risks that are different from and potentially greater than the risks we face with respect to our domestic operations, including our less extensive knowledge of and relationships with contractors, suppliers, distributors and customers in certain of these markets; changes in foreign political, regulatory and economic conditions, including nationally, regionally and locally; challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to sales, corporate governance, operations, taxes, employment and legal proceedings; establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate our international operations and to monitor compliance with u.s. laws and regulations such as the foreign corrupt practices act and similar foreign laws and regulations
6
table of contents including the united kingdom's bribery act of 2010; materially adverse effects of changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies; challenges with respect to the repatriation of foreign earnings; differences in lending practices; challenges of complying with applicable export and import control laws and regulations; and differences in languages, cultures and time zones.
the realization of any of these risks or the failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations could expose us to liabilities and have a material adverse effect on our business.
our reputation, sales, and earnings could be materially adversely affected if the quality of our products and services does not meet customer expectations. in addition, product liability claims or regulatory actions could materially adversely affect our financial results or reputation.
there are occasions when we experience product quality issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing, packaging or design. many of these issues are discovered before shipping, causing delays in shipping, delays in the manufacturing process, and occasionally cancelled orders. when issues are discovered after shipment, they may result in additional shipping costs, discounts, refunds, and loss of future sales. both pre-shipping and post-
shipping quality issues could have material adverse effects on our business and negatively impact our reputation.
claims for losses or injuries purportedly caused by some of our products arise in the ordinary course of our business. in addition to the risk of substantial monetary judgments and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, product liability claims or regulatory actions could result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation in the marketplace and the value of our brands. we also could be required to recall and possibly discontinue the sale of potentially defective or unsafe products, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, potential product liability claims are subject to a deductible or could be excluded under the terms of the policy.
changes in our business strategies may increase our costs and could affect the profitability of our businesses.
as our business environment changes, we may need to adjust our business strategies or restructure our operations or particular businesses. when these changes occur, we may incur costs to change our business strategies and may need to write down the value of certain assets. we also may need to invest in new businesses that have short-term returns that are negative or low and whose ultimate business prospects are uncertain. if any of these events were to occur, our costs could increase, our assets could be impaired, and our returns on investments could be lower.
our growth strategy includes increased concentration in emerging markets, which could create greater exposure to unstable political conditions, civil unrest, economic volatility and other risks applicable to international operations.
an increasing percentage of our sales are derived from emerging markets, including countries in asia, latin america and eastern europe. the profitable growth of our business in emerging markets is a significant focus of our long-
term growth strategy. if we are unable to successfully expand our business in emerging markets or achieve the return on capital we expect as a result of our investments in these countries, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected. in addition to the risks applicable to our international operations, factors that could have a material adverse effect on our operations in these developing and emerging markets include the lack of well-established or reliable legal systems and possible disruptions due to unstable political conditions, civil unrest or economic volatility. these factors could result in decreased consumer purchasing power, reduced demand for our products or an impaired ability to achieve our long-term growth strategy, thereby having a material adverse effect on our business.
7
table of contents our inability to develop and successfully market new products and applications could compromise our competitive position.
the timely introduction of new products and improvements in current products helps determine our success. research and development is complex and uncertain, requiring innovation and anticipation of market trends. we could focus on products that ultimately are not accepted by customers or we could suffer delays in the production or launch of new products that could compromise our competitive position.
miscalculation of our infrastructure needs could have a material adverse effect on our business.
projected infrastructure investment requirements may differ from actual levels if our volume growth is not as we anticipate. our infrastructure investments generally are long-term in nature, and it is possible that these investments may not generate the expected return due to changes in the marketplace, failures to complete implementation, and other factors. significant changes from our expected need for and/or returns on infrastructure investments could materially adversely affect our business.
our future profitability may be materially adversely affected if we generate less productivity improvement than projected.
we intend to continue efforts to reduce costs in our operations, which may include facility closures and square footage reductions, headcount reductions, organizational restructuring, process standardization, and manufacturing relocation. the success of these efforts is not assured and lower levels of productivity could reduce profitability. in addition, cost reduction actions could expose us to production risk, loss of sales and employee turnover.
foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in those rates, may materially adversely affect our business.
with approximately 76% of our sales for the fiscal year ending january 3, 2015 arising from foreign sales, we are subject to fluctuations in foreign currencies which can cause transaction, translation and other losses, and could negatively impact our sales and profitability. margins on sales of our products in foreign countries could be materially adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
we monitor our foreign currency exposures and may, from time to time, use hedging instruments to mitigate exposure to changes in foreign currencies. hedging activities may only offset a portion of the material adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place.
additionally, concerns regarding the short- and long-term stability of the euro and its ability to serve as a single currency could lead individual countries to revert, or threaten to revert, to their former local currencies, potentially dislocating the euro. if this were to occur, the assets we hold in a country that re-introduces its local currency could be significantly devalued and the demand and pricing for our products could be materially adversely affected given the introduction of additional currencies. furthermore, if it were to become necessary for us to conduct business in additional currencies, we could be subject to additional earnings volatility as amounts in these currencies are translated into u.s. dollars.
we have acquired companies and may continue to acquire other companies. acquisitions come with significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to integration, technology and personnel.
to grow our product lines and expand into new markets, we have made acquisitions in the past and may do so in the future. various risks, uncertainties, and costs are associated with acquisitions. effective integration of systems, controls, objectives, personnel, product lines, market segments, customers, suppliers, and production facilities and cost savings can be difficult to achieve, and the results of integration actions are uncertain, particularly given our geographically dispersed organization. in addition, we may not be able to retain key personnel of an acquired company or successfully execute integration strategies and achieve projected performance targets for the business segment into which an acquired
8
table of contents company is integrated. both before and after the closing of an acquisition, our business and those of the acquired company or companies may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion of management attention. there can be no assurance that any acquisitions will be successful and contribute to our profitability and we may not be able to identify new acquisition opportunities in the future.
divestures of any of our businesses or product lines could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we continually evaluate the performance of our businesses and may determine to sell a business or product line. for example, we completed the sale of our ocp and des businesses in 2013. divestures may result in significant write-
offs or impairments of assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. divestitures may involve additional risks, including separation of operations, products and personnel, diversion of management attention, disruption to our other businesses and loss of key employees. we may not successfully manage these or other risks we may confront in divesting a business or product line, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
difficulty in the collection of receivables as a result of economic conditions or other market factors could have a material adverse effect on our business.
although we have processes to administer credit granted to customers and believe our allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate, we have experienced, and in the future may experience, losses as a result of our inability to collect certain accounts receivable. the financial difficulties of a customer could result in reduced business with that customer. we may also assume higher credit risk relating to receivables of a customer experiencing financial difficulty. if these developments occur, our inability to shift sales to other customers or to collect on our accounts receivable from major customers could substantially reduce our income and have a material adverse effect on our business.
changes in our tax rates could affect our future results.
our future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. there can be no assurance that these changes will not have a material adverse effect on our business.
the amount of various taxes we pay is subject to ongoing compliance requirements and audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities.
we are subject to the regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of material adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues is subject to our assessment of relevant risks, facts, and circumstances existing at the time. we use these assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax-related accounts. our future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, which may materially adversely impact our effective tax rate and have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have deferred tax assets that we may not be able to realize under certain circumstances.
if we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. this would result in an increase in our effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on our future results. in addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change our deferred tax asset or liability balances, with either a favorable or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. the computation and assessment of realizability of our deferred tax assets may also be materially impacted by new legislation or regulations.
9
table of contents potential tax liabilities and proposed changes in u.s. tax legislation could materially impact our business.
in 2014, approximately 76% of our sales were generated from customers located outside of the u.s., and a substantial portion of our assets and employees were located outside of the u.s. we have not accrued income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on unrepatriated earnings for most non-u.s. subsidiaries, because we intend to indefinitely reinvest in the operations of those subsidiaries. our results of operations and cash flows from operating activities may be materially adversely affected if tax rules regarding unrepatriated earnings change, if changes in our domestic cash needs require us to repatriate foreign earnings for which no tax provisions have been made, or if the u.s. international tax rules change as part of comprehensive tax reform or other tax legislation.
significant disruption to the information technology infrastructure that stores our information could materially adversely affect our business.
we rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large and complex information technology infrastructure to link our global business. like other information technology systems, ours is susceptible to a number of risks including, but not limited to, damage or interruptions resulting from a variety of causes such as obsolescence, natural disasters, power failures, human error, viruses, social engineering, phishing, or other malicious attacks and data security breaches. we upgrade and install new systems, which, if installed or programmed incorrectly or on a delayed timeframe, could cause delays or cancellations of customer orders, impede the manufacture or shipment of products, or disrupt the processing of transactions. we have implemented certain measures to mitigate our risk related to system and network disruptions, but if a disruption were to occur, we could incur significant losses and remediation costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business. additionally, we rely on services provided by third-party vendors for a significant portion of our information technology support, development and implementation, which makes our operations vulnerable to a failure by any one of these vendors to perform adequately or maintain effective internal controls.
security breaches could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer.
we maintain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form, which is stored in data centers and on our networks and third-party cloud services, including confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information regarding our customers and employees. the secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations. data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of intrusion, tampering and theft. we develop and maintain systems to prevent this from occurring, but the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of intrusion, tampering and theft cannot be eliminated entirely. our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. additionally, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. while we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where appropriate, assess the protections employed by these third parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised.
any such breach or attack could compromise our network, the network of a third party to whom we have disclosed confidential, proprietary or personal information, a data center where we have stored such information or a third-
party cloud service provider, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, impair our ability to conduct business, or result in the loss or diminished value of profitable opportunities and the loss of revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. contractual provisions with third parties, including
10
table of contents cloud service providers, may limit our ability to recover these losses. if personal information of our customers or employees were misappropriated, our reputation with our customers and employees could be injured, resulting in loss of business or morale, and we could incur costs to compensate our customers and employees or pay damages or fines as a result of litigation or regulatory actions arising out of any such incident.
from time to time, we have experienced unauthorized intrusions into our network, and although these intrusions did not have a material adverse effect on our business, this may not be the case going forward. following these attacks, we have taken additional steps designed to improve the security of our networks and computer systems.
despite these defensive measures, there can be no assurance that we are adequately protecting our information, that third parties to whom we have disclosed such information or with whom we have stored such information (in data centers and on the cloud) are taking similar precautions, or that we will not continue to experience future intrusions.
for us to remain competitive, it is important to recruit and retain highly-skilled employees. we also utilize various outsourcing arrangements for certain services, and related delays, resource availability, or errors by these service providers may lead to increased costs or disruption in our business.
there is significant competition to recruit and retain skilled employees. due to expansion to additional geographies and our ongoing productivity efforts and recent employee restructuring actions, it may be difficult for us to recruit and retain sufficient numbers of highly-skilled employees. if we fail to retain sufficient numbers of highly-skilled employees, we could experience disruption in our businesses and difficulties managing our operations and implementing our business strategy.
in addition, we have outsourced certain services to third-party service providers, and may outsource other services in the future to achieve cost savings and operating efficiencies. service provider delays, resource availability, business issues or errors may disrupt our businesses and/or increase costs. if we do not effectively develop, implement and manage outsourcing relationships, if third-party providers do not perform effectively or in a timely manner, or if we experience problems with transitioning work to a third party, we may not be able to achieve our expected cost savings, and may experience delays or incur additional costs to correct errors made by these service providers.
our share price may be volatile.
changes in our stock price may affect our access to, or cost of financing from, capital markets and may affect our stock-based compensation arrangements, among other things. our stock price, which has at times experienced substantial volatility, is influenced by changes in the overall stock market and demand for equity securities in general. other factors, including our financial performance on a standalone basis and relative to our peers and competitors, as well as market expectations of our future performance, the level of perceived growth of our industries, and other company-specific factors, can also materially adversely affect our share price. there can be no assurance that our stock price will not be volatile in the future.
if our indebtedness increases significantly or our credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty obtaining acceptable short- and long-term financing.
our overall level of indebtedness and credit ratings are significant factors in our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing. higher debt levels could negatively impact our ability to meet other business needs and could result in higher financing costs. the credit ratings assigned to us also impact the interest rates paid. a downgrade of our short-term credit ratings below our current levels could impact our ability to access the commercial paper markets and increase our borrowing costs. if our access to commercial paper markets were to become limited and we were required to obtain short-term funding
11
table of contents under our revolving credit facility or our other credit facilities, we would face increased exposure to variable interest rates.
an increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in 2014, our average variable rate borrowings were approximately $203 million. increases in short-term interest rates would directly impact the amount of interest we pay. an assumed 50 basis point move in interest rates affecting our variable-rate borrowings (10% of our weighted-average interest rate on floating rate debt) would have increased interest expense by approximately $1 million on variable rate borrowings in 2014. fluctuations in interest rates can increase borrowing costs and have a material adverse effect on our business.
in recent years, extraordinary monetary policy actions of the u.s. federal reserve and other central banking institutions, including the utilization of quantitative easing, were taken to create and maintain a low interest rate environment. changes in these monetary policy positions, including but not limited to an elimination of quantitative easing over time, or market expectation of such changes, may result in significantly higher long-term interest rates the transition to which may be abrupt. such a transition may, among other things, reduce the availability and/or increase the costs of obtaining new debt and refinancing existing indebtedness, and negatively impact the market price of our common stock.
our current and future debt covenants may limit our flexibility.
our credit facilities and the indentures governing our notes contain, and any of our future indebtedness likely would contain, restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us. among other things, these covenants restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur certain liens on our assets, make certain investments, sell our assets or merge with third parties, and enter into certain transactions. we are also required to maintain specified financial ratios under certain conditions. these restrictive covenants and ratios in our existing debt agreements and any future financing agreements may limit or prohibit us from engaging in certain activities and transactions that may be in our long-term best interests and could place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors, which could materially adversely affect our business.
additional financings may dilute the holdings of our current shareholders.
in order to provide capital for the operation of our business, we may enter into additional financing arrangements.
these arrangements may involve the issuance of new shares of preferred or common stock, convertible debt securities and/or warrants. any of these issuances could result in a material increase in the number of shares of common stock outstanding, which would dilute the ownership interests of existing common shareholders. in addition, any new securities could contain provisions, such as priorities on distributions and voting rights, that could materially adversely affect the value of our existing common stock.
the level of returns on our pension and postretirement plan assets and the actuarial assumptions used for valuation purposes could affect our earnings and cash flows in future periods. changes in accounting standards and government regulations could also affect our pension and postretirement plan expense and funding requirements.
we evaluate the assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our pension plan and other postretirement benefit plans in consultation with outside actuaries. in the event that we were to determine that changes were warranted in the assumptions used, such as the discount rate, expected long-
term rate of return, or health care costs, our future pension and projected postretirement benefit expenses and funding requirements could increase or decrease. because of changing market conditions or changes in the participant population, the actuarial assumptions that we
12
table of contents use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement liability and related costs. funding obligations for each plan are determined based on the value of assets and liabilities on a specific date as required under applicable government regulations. future pension funding requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could also be affected by future legislation or regulation.
our pension assets are significant and subject to market, interest and credit risk that may reduce their value.
changes in the value of our pension assets could materially adversely affect our earnings and cash flows. in particular, the value of our investments may decline due to increases in interest rates or volatility in the financial markets. although we mitigate these risks by investing in high quality securities, ensuring adequate diversification of our investment portfolio and monitoring our portfolio's overall risk profile, the value of our investments may nevertheless decline.
an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively impact our results of operations and net worth.
goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and not amortized, but is reviewed for impairment annually (or more frequently if impairment indicators are present). we review goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value. in assessing fair value, we make estimates and assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates, and discount rates based on our business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management's judgment in applying these factors. goodwill valuations have been calculated primarily using an income approach based on the present value of projected future cash flows of each reporting unit. we could be required to evaluate the carrying value of goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to our business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business or sustained market capitalization declines. these types of events could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future. impairment charges could substantially affect our business in the periods of such charges.
unfavorable developments in legal proceedings, investigations and other legal, compliance and regulatory matters, including those involving product and trade compliance, and other matters, could impact us in a materially adverse manner.
our financial results could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and investigations, and other legal, compliance and regulatory matters, including, but not limited to, product and trade compliance and other matters. see "legal proceedings" (part i, item 3).
in addition, the requirements set forth in the conflict mineral rules required us to undertake due diligence efforts commencing in 2013, continuing through 2014 and expected to continue into the future. we expect to continue incurring costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for conducting diligence procedures to determine the sources of conflict minerals that may be used or necessary to the production of our products and, if applicable, potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. we have identified products in certain businesses in our rbis and vancive segments that include metals and minerals subject to the conflict mineral rules. our due diligence efforts to verify the origins of these metals and minerals are ongoing. our reputation may be harmed if we are not able to sufficiently verify the origins for the minerals and metals used in our products.
there can be no assurance that any investigation or litigation outcome will be favorable.
13
table of contents we are required to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations of the u.s. government and various international jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are required to comply with the anti-corruption laws and regulations of the u.s. government and various international jurisdictions, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom's bribery act of
2010. if we fail to comply with anti-corruption laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including regulatory fines, monetary damages and incarceration for responsible employees and managers.
in addition, if our distributors or agents fail to comply with these laws, we may also be materially adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties.
we are required to comply with global environmental, health, and safety laws. the costs of complying with these laws could materially adversely affect our business.
we are subject to national, state, provincial and/or local environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations in the u.s. and abroad, including those related to the disposal of hazardous waste from our manufacturing processes. compliance with existing and future environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to future costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, limit our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, and have material adverse effect on our business. environmental and product content and product safety laws and regulations can be complex and change often. we have accrued liabilities for the environmental clean-up of certain sites, including sites for which u.s. governmental agencies have designated us as a potentially responsible party, where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. see
"legal proceedings" (part i, item 3). however, because of the uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and remediation activities, future expense to remediate currently identified sites and other sites that could be identified for cleanup in the future could be higher than the liabilities accrued.
we are subject to governmental export and import control laws and regulations in certain jurisdictions where we do business that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in these markets.
certain of our products are subject to export control laws and regulations and may be exported only with an export license or through an applicable export license exception. if we fail to comply with export licensing, customs regulations, economic sanctions or other laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including economic sanctions against us, incarceration for responsible employees and managers, and the possible loss of export or import privileges. in addition, if our distributors fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be materially adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. obtaining the necessary export license for a particular sale may be time consuming and expensive and could result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities.
furthermore, export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and persons. while we train our employees to comply with these regulations, we cannot guarantee that a violation will not occur. a prohibited shipment could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties, fines, civil and criminal sanctions and reputational harm. any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could decrease our ability to export or sell our products internationally. any limitation on our ability to export or sell our products could materially adversely affect our business.
14
table of contents infringing intellectual property rights of third parties or inadequately acquiring or protecting our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete or grow.
because our products involve complex technology and chemistry, we are involved from time to time in litigation involving patents and other intellectual property. parties have filed, and in the future may file, claims against us alleging that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. if we were held liable for infringement, we could be required to pay damages, obtain licenses or cease making or selling certain products. there can be no assurance that licenses would be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. the defense of these claims, whether or not meritorious, and the development of new technology could cause us to incur significant costs and divert the attention of management.
we also have valuable intellectual property upon which third parties may infringe. we attempt to protect and restrict access to our intellectual property and proprietary information by relying on the patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the u.s. and other countries, as well as non-disclosure agreements. however, it may be possible for a third party to obtain our information without our authorization, independently develop similar technologies, or breach a non-disclosure agreement entered into with us. in addition, many of the countries in which we operate do not have intellectual property laws that protect proprietary rights as fully as do laws in the u.s. the use of our intellectual property by someone else without our authorization could reduce or eliminate certain competitive advantages we have, cause us to lose sales or otherwise harm our business. further, the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights could materially adversely impact our business.
we have obtained and applied for u.s. and foreign trademark registrations and patents, and will continue to evaluate whether to register additional trademarks and apply for additional patents. we cannot guarantee that any of the pending applications will be approved by the applicable government authorities. further, we cannot assure that the validity of our patents or our trademarks will not be challenged. in addition, third parties may be able to develop competing products using technology that avoids our patents.
we are subject to risks associated with the availability and coverage of various types of insurance.
we have various types of insurance, including property, workers' compensation, general liability, and environmental liability. insurance costs can be unpredictable and may materially adversely impact our business. we retain some portion of our insurable risks, and therefore, unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of insured limits could have a material adverse effect on our business.
healthcare reform legislation could have a material adverse effect on our business.
during 2010, the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of
2010 were signed into law in the u.s. certain of the provisions that could most significantly increase our healthcare costs in the near term include the removal of annual plan limits, the changes in rules regarding eligibility for dependents and the mandate that health plans cover 100% of preventative care. in addition, our healthcare costs could increase if we are required to cover more employees than we do currently or pay penalty amounts in the event that employees do not elect our offered coverage. the complexities and ramifications of the new legislation are significant, and have begun being implemented through a phased approach that is expected to conclude in 2018. at this time, the effects of health care reform and the resulting impact on our operations are not fully known. changes to our healthcare cost structure could have a material adverse effect on our business.
item 1b. unresolved staff comments none.
15
table of contents item 2. properties as of january 3, 2015, we operated approximately 35 principal manufacturing facilities in excess of 100,000 square feet. the locations of these principal facilities and the reportable segments or businesses for which they presently are used are as follows:
pressure-sensitive materials segment domestic    peachtree city, georgia; fort wayne, greenfield, and lowell, indiana; fairport harbor, mentor, and painesville, ohio; and quakertown, pennsylvania turnhout, belgium; vinhedo, brazil; kunshan, china; champ-sur-drac, france; gotha and schwelm, foreign     germany; rodange, luxembourg;
and cramlington, united kingdom retail branding and information solutions segment domestic    greensboro and lenoir, north carolina; and miamisburg, ohio foreign     nansha, panyu, and suzhou, china; sprockhovel, germany; and ancarano, italy in addition to the principal manufacturing facilities described above, our other principal facilities include our corporate headquarters in glendale, california, and our divisional offices located in westborough, massachusetts;
mentor, ohio; kunshan, china; and oegstgeest, the netherlands.
we own all of the principal properties identified above, except for the following facilities, which are leased:
vinhedo, brazil; glendale, california; panyu, china; sprockhovel, germany; rodange, luxembourg; westborough, massachusetts; greensboro, north carolina; mentor, ohio; and oegstgeest, the netherlands.
we consider all our properties, whether owned or leased, suitable and adequate for our present needs. we generally expand production capacity as needed to meet increased demand. owned buildings and plant equipment are insured against major losses from fire and other usual business risks, subject to deductibles. we are not aware of any material defects in title to, or significant encumbrances on, our properties, except for certain mortgage liens.
item 3. legal proceedings as of january 3, 2015, we have been designated by the u.s. environmental protection agency ("epa") and/or other responsible state agencies as a potentially responsible party ("prp") at fourteen waste disposal or waste recycling sites, which are the subject of separate investigations or proceedings concerning alleged soil and/or groundwater contamination and for which no settlement of our liability has been agreed. we are participating with other prps at such sites and anticipate that our share of cleanup costs will be determined pursuant to remedial agreements entered into in the normal course of negotiations with the epa or other governmental authorities.
we have accrued liabilities for sites where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. because of the uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and remediation activities, future expenses to remediate these sites could be higher than the liabilities accrued by us; however, we are unable to reasonably estimate a range of potential expenses. if information were to become available that allowed us to reasonably estimate the range of potential expenses in an amount higher or lower than what we have accrued, we would adjust our environmental liabilities accordingly. in addition, we could identify additional sites for cleanup in the future. the range of expenses for remediation of any future-identified sites will be assessed as they arise; until then, a range of expenses for such remediation cannot be determined.
16
table of contents as of january 3, 2015, our estimated accrued liability associated with environmental remediation was $26.2 million.
in addition, we are involved in various lawsuits, claims, inquiries, and other regulatory and compliance matters, most of which are routine to the nature of our business. we have accrued liabilities for matters where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. because of the uncertainties associated with claims resolution and litigation, future expenses to resolve these matters could be higher than the liabilities we have accrued; however, we are unable to reasonably estimate a range of potential expenses. if information were to become available that allowed us to reasonably estimate the range of potential expenses in an amount higher or lower than what we have accrued, we would adjust our accrued liabilities accordingly. additional lawsuits, claims, inquiries, and other regulatory and compliance matters could arise in the future. the range of expenses for resolving any future matters will be assessed as they arise; until then, a range of potential expenses for such resolution cannot be determined. based upon current information, we believe that the impact of the resolution of these matters would not be, individually or in the aggregate, material to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
see also note 8, "contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements of our 2014 annual report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
item 4. mine safety disclosures not applicable.
17
table of contents part ii item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities repurchases by us or our "affiliated purchasers" (as defined in rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the exchange act) of registered equity securities in the three fiscal months of the fourth quarter of 2014 are listed in the following table.
total number of period(1)                                                              shares purchased september 28, 2014  october     total number of    average price    as part of publicly
25, 2014                                 shares         paid per              announced october 26, 2014  november         purchased(2)            share            plans(2)(3)      approximate dollar
29, 2014                                  1,324           $43.40                  1,324    value of shares that november 30, 2014  january                  741            46.72                    741    may yet be purchased
3, 2015                                     324            50.22                    324      under the plans(4)

total                                     2,389           $45.35                  2,389                  $599.5
repurchased shares may be reissued under our stock option and incentive plan or used for other corporate purposes.
item 6. selected financial data selected financial data for each of our last five fiscal years appears under "five-year summary" in our 2014 annual report and is incorporated herein by reference.
18
table of contents item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the information called for by this item is contained under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our 2014 annual report and incorporated herein by reference.
item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk the information called for by this item is contained under "market-sensitive instruments and risk management" in
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our 2014 annual report and incorporated herein by reference.
item 8. financial statements and supplementary data the information called for by this item is contained in our 2014 annual report (including the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, statement of management responsibility for financial statements and management's report on internal control over financial reporting, and the report of independent registered public accounting firm) and incorporated herein by reference.
item 9. changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure none.
item 9a. controls and procedures disclosure controls and procedures.as of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the exchange act). based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the sec's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the our management, including the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
management's report on internal control over financial reporting.we are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the exchange act). under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in internal control  integrated framework (2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission. based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of january 3, 2015. (see management's report on internal control over financial reporting in our 2014 annual report and incorporated herein by reference.)
management's assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of january 3, 2015
has been audited by pricewaterhousecoopers llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in the report of independent registered public accounting firm contained in our 2014 annual report, which is also incorporated herein by reference.
changes in internal control over financial reporting.we periodically assess our internal control environment. in
2014, we completed a phased implementation of a new financial system, primarily for our
19
table of contents north american and european pressure-sensitive materials businesses, medical solutions business and our corporate accounting function. in 2014, we also completed a phased outsourcing of transaction processing and accounting activities to a new third-party service provider. as part of the transition process, we reviewed the related internal controls and determined that the design of the controls surrounding these processes satisfied our control objectives. where appropriate, we made changes to affected internal controls and tested their operating effectiveness. during 2014, we began a phased implementation of a new transactional system in our rbis segment that is expected to continue through 2017. processes affected by this implementation include, among other things, order management, pricing, shipping, general accounting and planning. as with the implementations completed in 2014, we are reviewing related internal controls and make changes where appropriate. except for these changes, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
item 9b. other information none.
20
table of contents part iii item 10. directors, executive officers, and corporate governance the information concerning directors and corporate governance called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the definitive proxy statement for our annual meeting of stockholders to be held on april 23, 2015, which will be filed with the sec pursuant to regulation 14a within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year covered by this report (our "2015 proxy statement"). the information concerning executive officers called for by this item appears on the next page of this report. the information concerning any late filings under section 16(a) of the exchange act is incorporated by reference from our 2015 proxy statement.
we have adopted a code of ethics for the chief executive officer and senior financial officers (the "code"), which applies to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and controller/chief accounting officer. the code is available on our investor website at www.investors.averydennison.com. we will satisfy disclosure requirements under item 5.05 of form 8-k regarding any amendment to, or waiver of, any provision of the code that applies to these officers disclosing the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in a current report on form 8-k.
our code of conduct, which applies to our directors, officers and employees, is also available on our investor website. our website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink, and the contents of the website are not a part of this form 10-k, nor are they incorporated herein by reference.
the information called for by this item concerning our audit committee is incorporated by reference from our 2015
proxy statement.
21
table of contents executive officers of avery dennison (1)
served as                       former positions within name                     age    executive officer               past five years /
since                           prior offices with avery dennison dean a. scarborough       59    august 1997          2010-2014                           chairman, president and chief chairman and                                                                             executive officer chief executive                                      2005-2010                           president and chief officer                                                                                  executive officer
2000-2005                           president and chief operating officer mitchell r. butier        43    march 2007           2010-2014                           senior vice president and chief president, chief                                                                         financial officer operating officer and                                          2007-2010                           vice president, controller and chief chief financial                                                                          accounting officer officer vice president,
2004-2006                           finance, retail branding and information solutions lori j. bondar            54    june 2010            2008-2010                           vice president, controller vice president, controller and chief accounting officer anne hill                 55    may 2007             2007-2011                           senior vice president and senior vice president and                                                                                      chief human resources chief human resources                                                                    officer and communications officer susan c. miller           55    march 2008           2008-2009                           senior vice president and general counsel senior vice                                          2007-2008                           vice president and president,                                                                               general counsel general counsel and                                  1998-2006                           assistant general secretary                                                                                counsel chief executive r. shawn neville          52    june 2009            2008-2009                           officer, boathouse sports president, retail branding and information solutions
(1) officers are generally elected on the date of our annual stockholder meeting to serve a one-year term and until their successors are duly elected and qualified.
22
table of contents item 11. executive compensation the information called for by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2015 proxy statement.
item 12. security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters the information called for by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2015 proxy statement.
item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence the information called for by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2015 proxy statement.
item 14. principal accounting fees and services the information called for by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2015 proxy statement.
23
table of contents part iv item 15. exhibits, financial statement schedules
(a) financial statements, financial statement schedule and exhibits
(1) (2) financial statements and financial statement schedule filed as part of this report are listed on the accompanying index to financial statements and financial statement schedule.
(3) exhibits filed as a part of this report are listed on the accompanying exhibit index. each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this form 10-k is identified as such on the exhibit index and incorporated herein by reference.
(b) the exhibits required to be filed by item 601 of regulation s-k are set forth on the accompanying exhibit index and incorporated herein by reference.
(c) the financial statement schedules required by regulation s-x, which are excluded from our 2014 annual report by rule 14a-3(b)(1) and are required to be filed in this report, are set forth on the accompanying index to financial statements and financial statement schedule and incorporated herein by reference.
24
table of contents signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
avery dennison corporation by:                              /s/                                      mitchell r. butier mitchell r. butier president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer dated: february 25, 2015
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and as of the dates indicated.
title signature                     chairman and
/s/    dean a. scarborough    chief executive officer dean a. scarborough           president, chief operating officer    date
/s/    mitchell r. butier     and chief financial officer           february 25, 2015
mitchell r. butier            (principal financial officer)         february 25, 2015

/s/    lori j. bondar         vice president, controller, and lori j. bondar                chief accounting officer              february 25, 2015
(principal accounting officer)
25
table of contents power of attorney know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below does hereby constitute and appoint mitchell r. butier and susan c. miller, and each of them, with full power of substitution, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact to act for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign this annual report on form
10-k and any or all amendments or supplements thereto, and to file each of the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the securities and exchange commission, granting unto said attorneys-
in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in order to effectuate the same as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or she could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or substitutes, or any of them, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and as of the dates indicated.
signature
/s/    bradley a. alford bradley a. alford             title       date
/s/    anthony k. anderson    director    february 25, 2015
anthony k. anderson           director    february 25, 2015

/s/    peter k. barker        director    february 25, 2015
peter k. barker
/s/    rolf l. borjesson      director    february 25, 2015
rolf l. borjesson
/s/    ken c. hicks           director    february 25, 2015
ken c. hicks
/s/    david e. i. pyott      director    february 25, 2015
david e. i. pyott
/s/    patrick t. siewert     director    february 25, 2015
patrick t. siewert
26
table of contents signature
/s/    julia a. stewart julia a. stewart             title       date
/s/    martha n. sullivan    director    february 25, 2015
martha n. sullivan           director    february 25, 2015

27
table of contents avery dennison corporation index to financial statements and financial statement schedule data incorporated by reference from the attached portions of the 2014 annual report to shareholders of avery dennison corporation:
consolidated financial statements:
consolidated balance sheets as of january 3, 2015 and december 28, 2013
consolidated statements of income for 2014, 2013 and 2012

consolidated statements of comprehensive income for 2014, 2013 and 2012
consolidated statements of shareholders' equity for 2014, 2013 and 2012
consolidated statements of cash flows for 2014,
2013 and 2012
notes to consolidated financial statements statement of management responsibility for financial statements and management's report on internal control over financial reporting report of independent registered public accounting firm except for the consolidated financial statements, statement of management responsibility for financial statements and management's report on internal control over financial reporting and the report of independent registered public accounting firm listed above, and certain information referred to in items 1, 5, 6, 7, and 7a of this report that is expressly incorporated herein by reference, our 2014 annual report to shareholders is not to be deemed
"filed" as part of this report.
data submitted herewith:
report of independent registered public accounting firm on financial statement    s-2
schedule schedule ii  valuation and qualifying accounts and                                s-3
reserves consent of independent registered public                                          s-4
accounting firm all other schedules are omitted since the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
s-1
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm on financial statement schedule to the board of directors of avery dennison corporation:
our audits of the consolidated financial statements and of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting referred to in our report dated february 25, 2015 appearing in the 2014 annual report to shareholders of avery dennison corporation (which report and consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in this annual report on form 10-k) also included an audit of the financial statement schedule listed in item 15(a)(2)
of this form 10-k. in our opinion, this financial statement schedule presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.
/s/ pricewaterhousecoopers llp pricewaterhousecoopers llp los angeles, california february 25, 2015
s-2
table of contents schedule ii  valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves
(in millions)
balance at          net additions       deductions         balance beginning       charged to costs       from                at end
2014                                     of year           and expenses       reserves(a)        of year

allowance for doubtful accounts    $        21.4    $               6.3    $  (6.9         )  $     20.8
allowance for sales returns                 10.2                   14.4       (14.9        )         9.7
2013
allowance for doubtful accounts             31.1                    5.1       (14.8        )        21.4
allowance for sales returns                 13.7                   11.2       (14.7        )        10.2
2012
allowance for doubtful accounts             34.0                    3.4       (6.3         )        31.1
allowance for sales returns                  9.3                   14.5       (10.1        )        13.7
(a) deductions from reserves include currency translation adjustments for all periods and the sale of the des business in 2013.
s-3
table of contents consent of independent registered public accounting firm we hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on form s-3 (file nos.
333-191228 and 333-169954) and form s-8 (file nos. 33-54411, 33-58921, 33-63979, 333-38707, 333-38709, 333-107370,
333-107371, 333-107372, 333-109814, 333-124495, 333-143897, 333-152508, 333-166832, 333-166836, 333-166837,
333-181221, and 333-197631) of avery dennison corporation of our report dated february 25, 2015 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in the annual report to shareholders, which is incorporated in this annual report on form 10-k. we also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated february 25, 2015 relating to the financial statement schedule, which appears in this form 10-k.
/s/ pricewaterhousecoopers llp pricewaterhousecoopers llp los angeles, california february 25, 2015
s-4
table of contents avery dennison corporation exhibit index for the year ended january 3, 2015
exhibit name purchase agreement, dated as of january 29, 2013, by and among ccl industries, inc.
("ccl"), a corporation organized under the laws of canada, those subsidiaries of ccl to be designated pursuant to section 5.8 thereof, registrant, and those subsidiaries of registrant listed in annex a thereof                                         filing(1)
amendment to purchase              originally filed as exhibit    current report on form 8-k, exhibit no.    agreement, dated as of july                                no.    filed january 30, 2013
2.1            1, 2013, by and between                                    2.1    current report on form 8-k,
2.2            registrant and ccl                                         2.1    filed july 1, 2013

amended and restated certificate of incorporation,                                     current report on form 8-k,
3.1(i)         as filed on april 28, 2011                                 3.1    filed april 28, 2011
with the office of delaware secretary of state
3.1(ii)        amended and restated bylaws,                               3.2    current report on form 8-k, dated as of december 5, 2013                                      filed december 6, 2013
indenture, dated as of march
15, 1991, between registrant                                      registration statement on form
4.1            and security pacific national                              4.1    s-3 (file no. 33-39491), filed bank, as trustee (the "1991                                       march 19, 1991
indenture")
first supplemental indenture, dated as of march 16, 1993, between registrant and                                            registration statement on form
4.2            bankamerica national trust                                 4.4    s-3 (file no. 33-59642), filed company, as successor trustee                                     march 17, 1993
(the "supplemental indenture")
officers' certificate establishing a series of securities entitled                                               current report on form 8-k,
4.3            "medium-term notes, series c"                              4.1    filed may 12, 1995
under the 1991 indenture, as amended by the supplemental indenture officers' certificate establishing a series of securities entitled                                               current report on form 8-k,
4.4            "medium-term notes, series d"                              4.1    filed december 16, 1996
under the 1991 indenture, as amended by the supplemental indenture i
table of contents exhibit name indenture, dated as of july
3, 2001, between registrant and chase manhattan bank and trust company, national association, as trustee
("2001 indenture")
officers' certificate                                             filing(1)
establishing two series of                                        registration statement on form securities entitled "4.875%        originally filed as exhibit    s-3 (file no. 333-64558), exhibit no.    notes due 2013" and "6.000%                                no.    filed july 3, 2001
4.5            notes due 2033" under the                                  4.1    current report on form 8-k,
4.6            2001 indenture                                             4.2    filed january 16, 2003

4.7            6.000% notes due 2033                                      4.4    current report on form 8-k, filed january 16, 2003
indenture, dated as of september 25, 2007, among avery dennison office                                             current report on form 8-k,
4.8            products company ("adopc"),                               99.1    filed october 1, 2007
registrant and the bank of new york trust company, n.a., as trustee ("bank of ny")
4.9            6.625% guaranteed notes due                               99.1    current report on form 8-k,
2017                                                              filed october 1, 2007
indenture, dated as of                                            current report on form 8-k,
4.10           november 20, 2007, between                                 4.2    filed november 20, 2007
registrant and bank of ny first supplemental indenture,
4.11           dated as of november 20,                                   4.3    current report on form 8-k,
2007, between registrant and                                      filed november 20, 2007
bank of ny second supplemental
4.12           indenture, dated as of april                               4.2    current report on form 8-k,
13, 2010, between registrant                                      filed april 13, 2010
and bank of ny
4.13           form of 5.375% senior notes                                4.3    current report on form 8-k, due 2020                                                          filed april 13, 2010
third supplemental indenture,
4.14           dated as of april 8, 2013,                                 4.2    current report on form 8-k, between registrant and bank                                       filed april 8, 2013
of ny
4.15           form of 3.35% senior notes                                 4.3    current report on form 8-k, due 2023                                                          filed april 8, 2013
amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of february 8, 2008, among adopc, registrant, bank of                                        quarterly report on form 10-q,
10.1           america, n.a. and banc of                                 10.1    filed august 7, 2008
america securities llc and jp morgan securities inc ("adopc credit agreement")
ii table of contents exhibit name second amendment, dated as of january 23, 2009, to adopc credit agreement third amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of october 3, 2014, by and among registrant, bank of america,                                      filing(1)
n.a., citibank, n.a. and           originally filed as exhibit    current report on form 8-k, exhibit no.    jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. and                              no.    filed january 27, 2009
10.2           the other lenders party                                   99.4    current report on form 8-k,
10.3           thereto                                                   10.1    filed october 3, 2014

10.4*          deferred compensation plan                                10.3    1981 annual report on form for directors                                                     10-k, filed february 29, 1982
10.5*          executive group life                                      10.9    1982 annual report on form insurance plan                                                    10-k, filed february 25, 1983
amended and restated                                              quarterly report on form 10-q,
10.6*          supplemental executive                                 10.11.1    filed august 12, 2009
retirement plan ("serp")
10.7*          letter of grant to d.a.                              10.11.2.1    quarterly report on form 10-q, scarborough under serp                                            filed august 12, 2009
letter agreement with d.a.                                        current report on form 8-k,
10.8*          scarborough regarding serp                           10.11.2.1    filed december 15, 2010
benefits complete restatement and                                          1994 annual report on form
10.9*          amendment of executive                                   10.12    10-k, filed march 30, 1995
deferred compensation plan
10.10*         amended and restated                                   10.13.1    2002 annual report on form retirement plan for directors                                     10-k, filed march 28, 2003
10.11*         amended and restated director                          10.15.1    current report on form 8-k, equity plan ("director plan")                                     filed december 11, 2008
form of non-employee director                                     2003 annual report on form
10.12*         stock option agreement under                           10.15.1    10-k, filed march 11, 2004
director plan complete restatement and
10.13*         amendment of executive                                   10.16    1994 annual report on form variable deferred                                                 10-k, filed march 30, 1995
compensation plan ("evdcp")
10.14*         amendment no. 1 to evdcp                               10.16.1    1999 annual report on form
10-k, filed march 30, 2000
complete restatement and                                          1994 annual report on form
10.15*         amendment of directors                                   10.17    10-k, filed march 30, 1995
deferred compensation plan iii table of contents exhibit name complete restatement and amendment of directors             originally filed as exhibit    filing(1)
exhibit no.    variable deferred                                          no.    1994 annual report on form
10.16*         compensation plan ("dvdcp")                              10.18    10-k, filed march 30, 1995

10.17*         amendment no. 1 to dvdcp                               10.18.1    1999 annual report on form
10-k, filed march 30, 2000
amended and restated 2005                                         quarterly report on form 10-q,
10.18*         directors variable deferred                            10.18.2    filed may 10, 2011
compensation plan amended and restated stock                                        2012 proxy statement on
10.19*         option and incentive plan                                    a    schedule 14a, filed march 9,
("equity plan")                                                   2012
10.20*         first amendment to equity                                  n/a    n/a plan
10.21*         forms of nqso agreement under                          10.19.5    2007 annual report on form equity plan                                                       10-k, filed february 27, 2008
10.22*         forms of equity awards under                           10.19.6    current report on form 8-k, equity plan                                                       filed april 30, 2008
10.23*         forms of equity agreements                          10.10.19.9    current report on form 8-k, under equity plan                                                 filed december 11, 2008
10.24*         additional forms of equity                            10.19.10    current report on form 8-k/a, agreements under equity plan                                      filed december 11, 2008
senior executive annual                                           2014 proxy statement on
10.25*         incentive plan                                               a    schedule 14a, filed march 7,
2014
10.26*         annual incentive plan                                      n/a    n/a complete restatement and
10.27*         amendment of executive                                   10.28    1994 annual report on form deferred retirement plan                                          10-k, filed march 30, 1995
("edrp")
10.28*         amendment no. 1 to edrp                                10.28.1    1999 annual report on form
10-k, filed march 30, 2000
10.29*         amendment no. 2 to edrp                                10.28.2    2001 annual report on form
10-k, filed march 4, 2002
executive variable deferred                                       2003 annual report on form
10.30*         retirement plan, amended and                           10.31.5    10-k, filed march 11, 2004
restated ("evdrp")
registration statement on form
10.31*         2004 evdrp                                                 4.1    s-8 (file no. 333-109814), filed october 20, 2003
10.32*         2005 evdrp, amended and                                   10.1    quarterly report on form 10-q, restated                                                          filed may 7, 2013
10.33*         benefit restoration plan,                              10.32.1    current report on form 8-k/a, amended and restated ("brp")                                      filed december 11, 2008
iv table of contents originally filed as exhibit    filing(1)
exhibit no.    exhibit name                                               no.    2010 annual report on form
10.34*         first amendment to brp                                 10.32.1    10-k, filed february 28, 2011

10.35*         amended and restated capital                             10.34    1999 annual report on form accumulation plan ("cap")                                         10-k, filed march 30, 2000
10.36*         amendment no. 1 to cap                                 10.34.2    1999 annual report on form
10-k, filed march 30, 2000
10.37*         key executive change of                                  10.35    quarterly report on form 10-q, control severance plan                                            filed may 10, 2011
10.38*         executive severance plan                                 10.36    quarterly report on form 10-q, filed may 10, 2011
10.39*         long-term incentive unit plan                            10.43    2012 annual report on form
10-k, filed february 27, 2013
10.40*         form of restricted stock unit                            10.38    2013 annual report on form agreement                                                         10-k, filed february 26, 2014
10.41*         form of performance unit                                 10.39    2013 annual report on form agreement                                                         10-k, filed february 26, 2014
10.42*         form of market-leveraged                                 10.40    2013 annual report on form stock unit agreement                                              10-k, filed february 26, 2014
10.43*         form of long-term incentive                              10.41    2013 annual report on form unit agreement                                                    10-k, filed february 26, 2014
10.44*         form of performance long-term                            10.42    2013 annual report on form incentive unit agreement                                          10-k, filed february 26, 2014
10.45*         form of director restricted                              10.43    2013 annual report on form stock unit agreement                                              10-k, filed february 26, 2014
10.46*         offer letter to anne bramman                               n/a    n/a
12             computation of ratio of                                    n/a    n/a earnings to fixed charges portions of annual report to
13             shareholders for fiscal year                               n/a    n/a ended january 3, 2015
21             list of subsidiaries                                       n/a    n/a consent of pricewaterhousecoopers llp,
23             independent registered public                              n/a    n/a accounting firm (see page s-4)
power of attorney (see
24             signatures  power of                                       n/a    n/a attorney)
v table of contents exhibit no.    exhibit name                                        originally filed as exhibit no.    filing(1)
certification of chief executive officer
31.1           pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley       n/a                                n/a act of 2002
certification of chief financial officer
31.2           pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley       n/a                                n/a act of 2002
certification of chief executive officer
32.1           pursuant to section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley       n/a                                n/a act of 2002
certification of chief financial officer
32.2           pursuant to section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley       n/a                                n/a act of 2002
101ins         xbrl instance filing                                n/a                                n/a
101sch         xbrl extension schema filing                        n/a                                n/a
101cal         xbrl extension calculation linkbase filing          n/a                                n/a
101lab         xbrl extension label linkbase filing                n/a                                n/a
101pre         xbrl extension presentation linkbase filing         n/a                                n/a
101def         xbrl extension definition linkbase filing           n/a                                n/a
(1) unless otherwise noted, the file number for all filings is file no. 1-7685. * management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this form 10-k pursuant to item 15(b) of form 10-k.  filed herewith.
vi
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the information called for by this item is contained under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our 2014 annual report and incorporated herein by reference.
item 7a.        quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk the information called for by this item is contained under "market-sensitive instruments and risk management" in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our 2014 annual report and incorporated herein by reference.
item 8.        financial statements and supplementary data the information called for by this item is contained in our 2014 annual report (including the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, statement of management responsibility for financial statements and management's report on internal control over financial reporting, and the report of independent registered public accounting firm) and incorporated herein by reference.
item 9.        changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure none.
