item 1a.   risk factors

we operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this form 10-k, the following factors should be considered
15
in evaluating our business and future prospects. any of the following risks, either alone or taken together, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows and liquidity.
risks related to our industry and business our utility operations are subject to extensive economic regulation. decisions by state pucs and other regulatory agencies can significantly affect our business and results of operations.
our regulated businesses provide water and wastewater services to our customers through subsidiaries that are economically regulated by state pucs. economic regulation affects the rates we charge our customers and has a significant impact on our business and results of operations. generally, the state pucs authorize us to charge rates that they determine are sufficient to recover our prudently incurred operating expenses, including, but not limited to, operating and maintenance costs, depreciation, financing costs and taxes and provide us the opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our invested capital.
our ability to successfully implement our business plan and strategy depends on the rates authorized by the various state pucs. we periodically file rate increase applications with state pucs. the ensuing administrative process may be lengthy and costly. our rate increase requests may not be approved, and any approval may not be given in a timely manner. moreover, a puc may not approve a rate request to an extent that is sufficient to cover our expenses, including purchased water and costs of chemicals, fuel and other commodities used in our operations; enable us to recover our investment; and provide us with an opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment, in which case our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected. even if rates are sufficient, we face the risk that we will not achieve the rates of return on our invested capital to the extent permitted by state pucs. this could occur if certain conditions exist, including but not limited to, if water usage is less than anticipated in establishing rates, as billings to customers are, to a considerable extent, based on usage in addition to a base rate, or if our investments or expenses prove to be higher than was estimated in establishing rates.
our operations and the quality of water we supply are subject to extensive environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. compliance with increasingly stringent laws and regulations could impact our operating costs; and violations of such laws and regulations could subject us to substantial liabilities and costs.
our water and wastewater operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations and, in the case of our canadian operations, canadian laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, health and safety, the quality of the water we deliver to our customers, water allocation rights, and the manner in which we collect, treat, discharge and dispose of wastewater. these requirements include the clean water act of 1972, which we refer to as the clean water act, and the safe drinking water act of 1974, which we refer to as the safe drinking water act, and similar state and canadian laws and regulations. we are also required to obtain various environmental permits from regulatory agencies for our operations.
in addition, state pucs also set conditions and standards for the water and wastewater services we deliver. if we deliver water or wastewater services to our customers that do not comply with regulatory standards, or otherwise violate environmental laws, regulations or permits, or other health and safety and water quality regulations, we could incur substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or costs, as well as damage to our reputation. in the most serious cases, regulators could reduce requested rate increases or force us to discontinue operations and sell our operating assets to another utility or to a municipality. given the nature of our business which, in part, involves supplying water for human consumption, any potential non-compliance with, or violation of, environmental, water quality and health and safety laws or regulations would likely pose a more significant risk to us than to a company not similarly involved in the water and wastewater industry.
we incur substantial operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. these laws and regulations, and their enforcement, generally have become more stringent over time, and new or stricter requirements could increase our costs. although we may seek to recover ongoing compliance costs in our rates, there can be no guarantee that the various state pucs or similar regulatory bodies that govern our regulated businesses would approve rate increases that would enable us to recover such costs or that such costs will not materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we may also incur liabilities if, under environmental laws and regulations, we are required to investigate and clean up environmental contamination at our properties, including potential spills of hazardous chemicals, such as chlorine, which we use to treat water, or at off-site locations where we have disposed of waste or caused an adverse environmental impact. the discovery of previously unknown conditions, or the imposition of cleanup obligations in the future, could result in significant costs and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. such remediation costs may not be covered by insurance and may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
16
limitations on availability of water supplies or restrictions on our use of water supplies as a result of government regulation or action may adversely affect our access to sources of water, our ability to supply water to customers or the demand for our water services.
our ability to meet the existing and future demand of our customers depends on the availability of an adequate supply of water. as a general rule, sources of public water supply, including rivers, lakes, streams and groundwater aquifers, are held in the public trust and are not owned by private interests. as a result, we typically do not own the water that we use in our operations, and the availability of our water supply is established through allocation rights (determined by legislation or court decisions) and passing-flow requirements set by governmental entities. passing-flow requirements set minimum volumes of water that must pass through specified water sources, such as rivers and streams, in order to maintain environmental habitats and meet water allocation rights of downstream users. allocation rights are imposed to ensure sustainability of major water sources and passing-flow requirements are most often imposed on source waters from smaller rivers, lakes and streams. these requirements, which can change from time to time, may adversely impact our water supply. supply issues, such as drought, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats, or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water. for example, in our monterey county, california operations, we are seeking to augment our sources of water supply, principally to comply with an october 20, 2009 cease and desist order of the california state water resources control board (the "2009 order") that our subsidiary, california-american water company ("cal am"), significantly decrease its diversions from the carmel river in accordance with a reduction schedule running through december 31, 2016 (the "2016 deadline"). we are also required to augment our monterey county sources of water supply to comply with the requirements of the endangered species act. we cannot predict whether cal am will be able to secure alternative sources of water, or if cal am will be exposed to liabilities if it is unable to meet the 2016 deadline under the 2009 order. if cal am or any of our other subsidiaries are unable to secure an alternative source of water, or if other adverse consequences result from the events described above, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. see part i, item 3, "legal proceedings" in this report that includes additional information regarding the cal am matter.
service disruptions caused by severe weather conditions or natural disasters may disrupt our operations and economic conditions may reduce the demand for water services, either of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
service interruptions due to severe weather events are possible across all our service areas. these include winter storms and freezing conditions, high wind conditions, hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes, landslides coastal and intercoastal floods or high water conditions, including those in or near designated flood plains, and severe electrical storms. weather events such as these may affect the condition or operability of our facilities, limiting or preventing us from delivering water or wastewater services to our customers, or requiring us to make substantial capital expenditures to repair any damage. in october 2012, our east coast subsidiaries were affected by hurricane sandy. the most significant impact to our business was caused by the widespread power outages caused by the storm's heavy winds, rain and snow. in addition, adverse economic conditions can cause our customers, particularly industrial customers, to curtail operations. a curtailment of operations by an industrial customer would typically result in reduced water usage. in more severe circumstances, the decline in usage could be permanent. any decrease in demand resulting from difficult economic conditions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
government restrictions on water use may also result in decreased use of water services, even if our water supplies are sufficient to serve our customers, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. seasonal drought conditions that would impact our water services are possible across all of our service areas. if a regional drought were to occur, governmental restrictions may be imposed on all systems within a region independent of the supply adequacy of any individual system. for example, as a result of the reduced rain fall and overall dry conditions throughout the state of california, cal am has been closely monitoring its owned and purchased water supplies. on january 17, 2014, the governor of california issued a drought declaration asking californians to reduce their water use by 20%. on april 25, 2014, the governor issued an executive order addressing the drought and on july 15, 2014 the state water resources control board approved mandatory statewide water restrictions. the cpuc issued a resolution requiring cal am and all other regulated water providers to abide by the state water resources control board restrictions and requirements. while expenses incurred in implementing water conservation and rationing plans in cal am's districts are generally recoverable provided the cpuc determines they were reasonable, cal am cannot assure that such expenses will, in fact, be fully recovered. moreover, reductions in water consumption, including those resulting from installation of equipment or changed consumer behavior, may persist even after drought restrictions are repealed and the drought has ended, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
some scientific experts are predicting a worsening of weather volatility in the future. changing severe weather patterns could require additional expenditures to reduce the risk associated with any increasing storm, flood and drought occurrences. the issue of climate change is receiving increased attention worldwide. many climate change predictions, if true, present several potential challenges to water and wastewater utilities, such as: increased frequency and duration of droughts, increased precipitation and flooding, potential degradation of water quality, and changes in demand for services. because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate change, we cannot predict its potential impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
17
regulatory and environmental risks associated with the collection, treatment and disposal of wastewater may impose significant costs.
the wastewater collection, treatment and disposal operations of our subsidiaries are subject to substantial regulation and involve significant environmental risks. if collection, treatment or disposal systems fail, overflow, or do not operate properly, untreated wastewater or other contaminants could spill onto nearby properties or into nearby streams and rivers, causing damage to persons or property, injury to aquatic life and economic damages. this risk is most acute during periods of substantial rainfall or flooding, which are the main causes of sewer overflow and system failure. liabilities resulting from such damage could adversely and materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. moreover, if we are deemed liable for any damage caused by overflow or disposal operations, our losses might not be covered by insurance, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
the current regulatory rate setting structure may result in a significant delay, or "regulatory lag," from the time that we invest in infrastructure improvements, incur increased operating expenses or experience declining water usage, to the time at which we can address these events through the rate case application process; our inability to minimize regulatory lag could adversely affect our business.
there is typically a delay, or regulatory lag, between the time one of our regulated subsidiaries makes a capital investment or incurs an operating expense increase and the time when those costs are reflected in rates. in addition, billings permitted by state pucs typically are, to a considerable extent, based on the volume of water usage in addition to a minimum base rate. thus, we may experience a regulatory lag between the time our revenues are affected by declining usage and the time we are able to adjust the rate per gallon of usage to address declining usage. our inability to reduce this regulatory lag could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we endeavor to reduce regulatory lag by pursuing positive regulatory policies. for example, seven state pucs permit rates to be adjusted outside of the rate case application process through surcharges that address certain capital investments, such as replacement of aging infrastructure. these surcharges are adjusted periodically based on factors such as project completion or future budgeted expenditures, and specific surcharges are eliminated once the related capital investment is incorporated in new puc approved rates. other examples of such programs include states that allow us to increase rates for certain cost increases that are beyond our control, such as purchased water costs or property or other taxes, or power, conservation, chemical or other expenditures. these surcharge mechanisms enable us to adjust rates in less time after costs have been incurred than would be the case under the rate case application process. while these programs have been a positive development and we continue to seek expansion of programs to mitigate regulatory lag, some state pucs have not approved such programs. the puc may not adopt any surcharge programs and existing programs may not continue in their current form, or at all. furthermore, no state has adopted surcharge programs that include all elements of cost that may change between general rate proceedings. although we intend to continue our efforts to expand state puc approval of surcharges to address issues of regulatory lag, our efforts may not be successful, in which case our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected.
our regulated businesses require significant capital expenditures and may suffer if we fail to secure appropriate funding to make investments, or if we experience delays in completing major capital expenditure projects.
the water and wastewater utility business is capital intensive. we invest significant amounts of capital to add, replace and maintain property, plant and equipment. in 2014, we invested $1.0 billion in net company-funded capital improvements. the level of capital expenditures necessary to maintain the integrity of our systems could increase in the future. we fund capital improvement projects using cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper programs and issuances of long-term debt and equity securities. we may not be able to access the debt and equity capital markets, when necessary or desirable to fund capital improvements on favorable terms or at all.
in addition, we could be limited in our ability to both pursue growth and pay dividends in accordance with our dividend policy. in order to fund construction expenditures, acquisitions, principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, and dividends at the level currently anticipated under our dividend policy, we expect that we will need additional financing. we expect cash from operating activities, after the distribution of dividends, to fund a portion of our capital expenditures.
the ability to obtain financing at reasonable rates is contingent upon our credit ratings and general market conditions. if we do not obtain sufficient financing, we could be unable to maintain our existing property, plant and equipment, fund our capital investment strategies, meet our growth targets and expand our rate base to enable us to earn satisfactory future returns on our investments. even with adequate financial resources to make required capital expenditures, we face the additional risk that we will not complete our major capital projects on time, as a result of construction delays, permitting delays, environmental restrictions, or other obstacles. each of these outcomes could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
18
weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our water service and our revenues.
demand for our water during the warmer months is generally greater than during cooler months due primarily to increased water usage for irrigation systems, swimming pools, cooling systems and other applications. throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, demand tends to vary with temperature, rainfall levels and rainfall frequency. in the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than normal, or if there is more rainfall than normal, the demand for our water may decrease and adversely affect our revenues.
market conditions may unfavorably impact the value of benefit plan assets and liabilities, as well as assumptions related to the benefit plans, which may require us to provide significant additional funding.
the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy significant future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. the value of these assets is subject to market fluctuations, which may cause investment returns to fall below our projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the pension and postretirement benefit plan assets can increase the funding requirements under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. additionally, our pension and postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. if interest rates decrease, our liabilities would increase, potentially increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. further, changes in demographics, such as increases in life expectancy assumptions may also increase our funding requirements. future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets may not be fully recoverable in rates, in which case our results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected.
in addition, market factors can affect assumptions we use in determining funding requirements with respect to our pension and postretirement plans. for example, a relatively modest change in our assumptions regarding discount rates can materially affect our calculation of funding requirements. to the extent that market data compels us to reduce the discount rate used in our assumptions, our benefit obligations could be materially increased, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.
our indebtedness could affect our business adversely and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our liquidity needs.
as of december 31, 2014, our indebtedness (including preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements) was $6 billion, and our working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) was in a deficit position. our indebtedness could have important consequences, including:
·   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital requirements or capital expenditures;

·   exposing us to interest rate risk with respect to the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates;

·   limiting our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or make payments in connection with our other obligations;

·   impairing our access to the capital markets for debt and equity;

·   likely requiring that an increasing portion of our cash flows from operations be dedicated to the payment of the principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for future operations, dividends on our common stock or capital expenditures;

·   limiting our ability to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and

·   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that have less debt.

in order to meet our capital expenditure needs, we may be required to make additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility or issue new debt securities. moreover, additional borrowings may be required to refinance outstanding indebtedness. debt maturities and sinking fund payments in 2015, 2016 and 2017 are $61.1 million, $53.4 million and $572.8 million, respectively. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to access the debt capital markets on favorable terms, if at all. moreover, if new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks we now face could intensify, limiting our ability to refinance existing debt on favorable terms.
we will depend primarily on operations to fund our expenses and to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt. therefore, our ability to pay our expenses and satisfy our debt service obligations depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors largely beyond our control. if we do not have sufficient cash flows to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow additional funds or sell additional equity. in addition, if our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or if we are unable to incur indebtedness sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs, we may be
19
unable to plan for or respond to changes in our business, which could cause our operating results and prospects to be affected adversely.
contamination of our sources of water could result in service interruptions and exposure to substances not typically found in potable water supplies, and subject our subsidiaries to reduction in usage, governmental enforcement actions, private litigation and responsive obligations.
the water supplies that flow into our treatment plants and are then delivered into our distribution system are subject to contamination, including contamination from naturally-occurring compounds, chemicals in groundwater systems, pollution resulting from man-made sources, such as perchlorate and methyl tertiary butyl ether, and possible terrorist attacks. if one of our water supplies is contaminated, depending on the nature of the contamination, we may have to take responsive actions that could include (1) continuing limited use of the water supply under a "do not use" protective order that enables continuation of basic sanitation and essential fire protection, or (2) interrupting the use of that water supply and locating an adequate supply of water from another water source, including, in some cases, through the purchase of water from a third-party supplier. if service is disrupted and we are unable to access a substitute water supply in a cost-effective manner, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation may be adversely affected. in addition, we may incur significant costs in order to treat the contaminated source through expansion of our current treatment facilities, or development of new treatment methods. we might not be able to recover costs associated with treating or decontaminating water supplies through rates, or recovery of these costs may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, we could be subject to claims for damages arising from government enforcement actions or toxic tort or other lawsuits arising out of interruption of service or human exposure to hazardous substances in our drinking water supplies.
in this regard, on january 9, 2014, a chemical storage tank owned by freedom industries, inc. leaked two substances used for processing coal into the elk river near the wvawc treatment plant intake in charleston, west virginia.
wvawc has and may continue to incur significant costs in responding to this incident and may not be able to recover such costs through rates or from insurers. even if recovery is possible, it may not occur in a timely manner. government investigations relating to the freedom industries spill have been initiated, state laws have been enacted, state and federal legislatures are considering changes to existing laws or rules associated with new laws, and 58 lawsuits have been filed to date against wvawc and, in a few cases, against us or another of our affiliates. while the company and wvawc believe that wvawc has responded appropriately to, and has no responsibility for, the freedom industries spill, and the company and wvawc believe they and other company affiliates have valid, meritorious defenses to the lawsuits, wvawc will incur defense costs that may not be recoverable. moreover, an adverse outcome in one or more of the lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. wvawc and the company are unable to predict the outcome of the ongoing government investigations or any legislative initiatives that might affect water utility operations. see part i, item 3, "legal proceedings" in this report for additional information regarding the wvawc matter.
in addition, we are a party to litigation in the normal course of business. since we engage in providing drinking water to our customers, failures can result in substantial injury or damage to our customers, employees or others and we could be exposed to substantial claims and litigation. such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution, and environmental damage and may be brought by our customers or third parties.
litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. pending or future claims against us, to the extent we are not insured against a loss or our insurer fails to provide coverage, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we may sustain losses that exceed or are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are not insured we maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize our potential liabilities. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits, exclusions and maximums, and insurance companies may seek to deny claims we might make. generally, our insurance policies cover property damage, worker's compensation, employer's liability, general liability and automobile liability. each policy includes deductibles or self-insured retentions and policy limits for covered claims. as a result, we may sustain losses that exceed or that are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are not insured.
although in the past we have been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. for example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, more limited coverage, increased premium costs or deductibles.
20
work stoppages and other labor relations matters could adversely affect our results of operations.
approximately 50% of our workforce is represented by unions. we have 75 collective bargaining agreements in place with 17 different unions representing our unionized employees. we might not be able to renegotiate labor contracts on terms that are fair to us. any negotiations or dispute resolution processes undertaken in connection with our labor contracts could be delayed or affected by labor actions or work stoppages. labor actions, work stoppages or the threat of work stoppages, and our failure to obtain favorable labor contract terms during renegotiations may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
while we have developed contingency plans to be implemented as necessary if a work stoppage or strike does occur, a strike or work stoppage may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
the failure of, or the requirement to repair, upgrade or dismantle, any of our dams may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we own 89 dams. a failure of any of those dams could result in personal injury and downstream property damage for which we may be liable. the failure of a dam would also adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. any losses or liabilities incurred due to a failure of one of our dams might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
we also are required from time to time to decommission, repair or upgrade the dams that we own. the cost of such repairs or upgrades can be and has been material. the federal and state agencies that regulate our operations may adopt rules and regulations requiring us to dismantle our dams, which also could entail material costs. although in most cases, the puc has permitted recovery of expenses and capital investment related to dam rehabilitation, we might not be able to recover costs of repairs, upgrades or dismantling through rates in the future. the inability to recover these costs or delayed recovery of the costs as a result of regulatory lag can affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
any failure of our network of water and wastewater pipes and water reservoirs could result in losses and damages that may affect our financial condition and reputation.
our operating subsidiaries distribute water and collect wastewater through an extensive network of pipes and storage systems located across the united states. a failure of major pipes or reservoirs could result in injuries and property damage for which we may be liable. the failure of major pipes and reservoirs may also result in the need to shut down some facilities or parts of our network in order to conduct repairs. such failures and shutdowns may limit our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and to meet the water and wastewater delivery requirements prescribed by government regulators, including state pucs with jurisdiction over our operations, and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. any business interruption or other losses might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. moreover, to the extent such business interruptions or other losses are not covered by insurance, they may not be recovered through rate adjustments.
our inability to access the capital or financial markets could affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs at reasonable cost and our ability to meet long-term commitments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to cash from operations, we rely on our revolving credit facility, commercial paper programs, and the capital markets to satisfy our liquidity needs. in this regard, our principal external source of liquidity is our revolving credit facility. we regularly use our commercial paper program as a principal source of short-term borrowing due to the generally more attractive rates we obtain in the commercial paper market. however, disruptions in the capital markets could limit our ability to access capital. while our credit facility lending banks have met all of their obligations, disruptions in the credit markets, changes in our credit ratings, or deterioration of the banking industry's financial condition could discourage or prevent lenders from meeting their existing lending commitments, extending the terms of such commitments, or agreeing to new commitments. in order to meet our short-term liquidity needs, particularly if borrowings through the commercial paper market are unavailable, we maintain a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility. under the terms of our revolving credit facility, commitments of $70 million mature in october 2017 and $1.18 billion mature in october 2018. our inability to maintain, renew or replace these commitments could materially increase our cost of capital and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
american water capital corp. ("awcc"), our financing subsidiary, had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and $36.5 million of outstanding letters of credit under the credit facility as of february 19, 2015. awcc had $502.9 million of outstanding commercial paper as of february 19, 2015. our lenders may not meet their existing commitments and we may not be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all.
21
longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, reduced financing alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to the liquidity needed for our business. any significant disruption in the capital and credit markets, or financial institution failures could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the market stabilizes or until alternative financing can be arranged. such measures could include deferring capital expenditures, reducing or suspending dividend payments, and reducing other discretionary expenditures.
any impediments to our access to the capital markets or failure of our lenders to meet their commitments that result from financial market disruptions could expose us to increased interest expense, require us to institute cash conservation measures or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity.
changes in laws and regulations over which we have no control and changes in certain agreements can significantly affect our business and results of operations.
new legislation, regulations, government policies or court decisions can materially affect our operations. the individuals who serve as regulators are elected or are political appointees. therefore, elections which result in a change of political administration or new appointments may also result in changes in the individuals who serve as regulators and the policies of the regulatory agencies that they serve. new laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, changes in agency policy, including those made in response to shifts in public opinion, or conditions imposed during the regulatory hearing process could have the following consequences, among others:
·   making it more difficult for us to raise our rates and, as a consequence, to recover our costs or earn our expected rates of return;

·   changing the determination of the costs, or the amount of costs, that would be considered recoverable in rate cases;

·   restricting our ability to terminate our services to customers who owe us money for services previously provided or limiting our bill collection efforts;

·   requiring us to provide water services at reduced rates to certain customers;

·   restricting our ability to buy or sell assets or issue securities;

·   changing regulations that affect the benefits we expected to receive when we began offering services in a particular area;

·   changing or placing additional limitations on change in control requirements relating to any concentration of ownership of our common stock;

·   making it easier for governmental entities to convert our assets to public ownership via eminent domain;

·   placing limitations, prohibitions or other requirements with respect to the sharing of information and participation in transactions by or between a regulated subsidiary and us or our other affiliates, including our service company and any of our other subsidiaries;

·   restricting or prohibiting our extraction of water from rivers, streams, reservoirs or aquifers; and

·   revoking or altering the terms of the certificates of public convenience and necessity (or similar authorizations) issued to us by state pucs.

any of the foregoing consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
an important part of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems. any further acquisitions we undertake may involve risks. further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities, and strategic and financial buyers may hinder our ability to grow our business.
an important element of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems in order to broaden our current, and move into new, service areas. we will not be able to acquire other businesses if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities or reach mutually agreeable terms with acquisition candidates. further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities, and strategic and financial buyers may hinder our ability to expand our business.
22
the negotiation of potential acquisitions as well as the integration of acquired businesses with our existing operations could require us to incur significant costs and cause diversion of our management's time and resources. future acquisitions by us could result in:
·   issuances of our equity securities;

·   incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, environmental liabilities and assumption of liabilities of an acquired business, including liabilities that were unknown at the time of acquisition;

·   seeking recovery of acquisition premiums

·   unanticipated capital expenditures;

·   failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;

·   recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges if we do not realize the initially recorded value;

·   fluctuations in quarterly results;

·   other acquisition-related expenses;

·   failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; and

·   difficulties assimilating personnel, services and systems.

some or all of these items could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to finance our business, pay dividends and to comply with regulatory requirements. the businesses we acquire in the future may not achieve anticipated sales and profitability, and any difficulties we encounter in the integration process could interfere with our operations, reduce our operating margins and adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting.
we compete with governmental entities, other regulated utilities, and strategic and financial buyers, for acquisition opportunities. if consolidation becomes more prevalent in the water and wastewater industries and competition for acquisitions increases, the prices for suitable acquisition candidates may increase to unacceptable levels and limit our ability to expand through acquisitions. in addition, our competitors may impede our growth by purchasing water utilities adjacent to or near our existing service areas, thereby impairing our ability to geographically expand the affected service areas. competing governmental entities, utilities, environmental or social activist groups, and strategic and financial buyers have challenged, and may in the future challenge, our efforts to acquire new companies and/or service areas. our growth could be hindered if we are not able to compete effectively for new companies and/or service areas with other companies or strategic and financial buyers that have lower costs of operations. any of these risks may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we have recorded a significant amount of goodwill, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets, causing us to record impairments that may negatively affect our results of operations.
our total assets include $1.2 billion of goodwill at december 31, 2014. the goodwill is primarily associated with the acquisition of american water by an affiliate of our previous owner in 2003 and the acquisition of e'town corporation by a predecessor to our previous owner in 2001. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price the purchaser paid over the fair value of the net tangible and other intangible assets acquired. goodwill is recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition and is reviewed annually or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. as required by the applicable accounting rules, we have taken significant non-cash charges to operating results for goodwill impairments in the past.
we may be required to recognize an impairment of goodwill in the future due to market conditions or other factors related to our performance. these market events could include a decline over a period of time of our stock price, a decline over a period of time in valuation multiples of comparable water utilities, market price performance of our common stock that composes unfavorably to our peer companies, or decreases in control premiums. a decline in the results forecasted in our business plan due to events such as changes in rate case results, capital investment budgets or our interest rates, could also result in an impairment charge. recognition of impairments of a significant portion of goodwill would negatively affect our reported results of operations and total capitalization, the effect of which could be material and could make it more difficult to maintain our credit ratings, secure financing on attractive terms, maintain compliance with debt covenants and meet expectations of our regulators.
the assets of our regulated businesses are subject to condemnation through eminent domain.
municipalities and other government subdivisions have historically been involved in the provision of water and wastewater services in the united states, and organized efforts may arise from time to time in one or more of the service areas in which our
23
regulated businesses operate to convert our assets to public ownership and operation through exercise of the governmental power of eminent domain. should a municipality or other government subdivision or a citizen group seek to acquire our assets through eminent domain, either directly or indirectly as a result of a citizen petition we may resist the acquisition. for example, condemnation threats have been made in the chicago, illinois area where the municipalities of homer glen (approximately 6,000 customer connections) and bolingbrook (approximately 23,000 customer connections) have commissioned studies to determine the cost and feasibility of condemning illinois-american's retail distribution systems serving those communities and have formally requested certain financial and other information from illinois-american. in addition, five municipalities (approximately 29,200 customer connections) formed a water agency to pursue eminent domain with respect to our water pipeline that serves those five communities and made an offer of $37.6 million for the pipeline. the water agency filed an eminent domain lawsuit in january 2013 that is still pending.
contesting an exercise of condemnation through eminent domain, or responding to a citizen petition, may result in costly legal proceedings and may divert the attention of the affected regulated businesses' management from the operation of its business. moreover, our efforts to resist the condemnation may not be successful.
if a municipality or other government subdivision succeeds in acquiring the assets of one or more of our regulated businesses through eminent domain, there is a risk that we will not receive adequate compensation for the business, that we will not be able to keep the compensation, or that we will not be able to divest the business without incurring significant one-time charges.
for information regarding specific condemnation threats made against us that were recently concluded see item 1, "business-condemnation."
we rely on technology to facilitate the management of our business and customer and supplier relationships, and a disruption of these systems could adversely affect our business.
our technology systems, particularly our information technology ("it") systems, are an integral part of our business, and a serious disruption of our it systems could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business efficiently, which, in turn, could cause our business and competitive position to suffer and adversely affect our results of operations. for example, we depend on our it systems to bill customers, process orders, provide customer service, manage construction projects, manage our financial records, track assets, remotely monitor certain of our plants and facilities and manage human resources, inventory and accounts receivable collections. our it systems also enable us to purchase products from our suppliers and bill customers on a timely basis, maintain cost-effective operations and provide service to our customers. while we recently completed the business transformation implementation for our enterprise resource planning ("erp"), enterprise asset management ("eam") and customer information ("cis") systems, a number of our mission and business critical it systems are older, such as our scada (supervisory control and data acquisition) system. although we do not believe that our it systems are at a materially greater risk of cybersecurity incidents than other similar organizations, our it systems remain vulnerable to damage or interruption from:
●   power loss, computer systems failures, and internet, telecommunications or data network failures;

●   operator negligence or improper operation by, or supervision of, employees;

●   physical and electronic loss of customer data due to security breaches, cyber attacks, misappropriation and similar events;

●   computer viruses;

●   intentional security breaches, hacking, denial of services actions, misappropriation of data and similar events; and

●   hurricanes, fires, floods, earthquakes and other natural disasters.

these events may result in physical and electronic loss of customer or financial data, security breaches, misappropriation and other adverse consequences. in addition, the lack of redundancy for certain of our it systems, including billing systems, could exacerbate the impact of any of these events on us.
in addition, we may not be successful in developing or acquiring technology that is competitive and responsive to the needs of our business, and we might lack sufficient resources to make the necessary upgrades or replacements of outdated existing technology to enable us to continue to operate at our current level of efficiency.
we may be subject to physical and/or cyber attacks.
as operators of critical infrastructure, we may face a heightened risk of physical and/or cyber attacks. our water and wastewater systems may be vulnerable to disability or failures as a result of physical or cyber acts of war or terrorism, vandalism or other causes. our corporate and information technology systems may be vulnerable to unauthorized access due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes.
24
if, despite our security measures, a significant physical attack or cyber breach occurred, we could have our operations disrupted, property damaged, and customer information stolen; experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs, and other financial loss; and be subject to increased regulation, litigation, and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations.
we may not be able to fully utilize our u.s. and state net operating loss carryforwards.
as of december 31, 2014, we had u.s. federal and state net operating loss ("nol") carryforwards of approximately $1.0 billion and $542 million, respectively. our federal nol carryforwards begin to expire in 2028, and our state nol carryforwards will expire between 2015 and 2033. our ability to utilize our nol carryforwards is primarily dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable income. moreover, because our previous owner's divestiture of its stock was considered an "ownership change" under section 382 of the internal revenue code, the amount of nol carryforwards that may be utilized in any year is limited. our management believes the federal nol carryforwards are more likely than not to be recovered and therefore currently require no valuation allowance. at december 31, 2014, $63.1 million of the state nol carryforwards have been offset by a valuation allowance because we do not believe these nols will more likely than not be realized in the future, and we have, in the past, been unable to utilize certain of our nols. the establishment or increase of a valuation allowance in the future would reduce our deferred income tax assets and our net income.
our actual results may differ from those estimated by management in making its assessment as to our ability to use the nol carryforwards. moreover, changes in income tax laws, the economy and the general business environment could affect the future utilization of the nol carryforwards. if we are unable to fully utilize our nol carryforwards to offset taxable income generated in the future, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
we (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provide performance guarantees with respect to certain obligations of our market-based operations, including financial guarantees or deposits, to our public-sector and public clients, which may seek to enforce the guarantees if our market-based operations do not satisfy these obligations.
under the terms of some of our agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities with municipalities, other governmental entities and other customers, american water (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provides guarantees of specified performance obligations of our market-based operations, including financial guarantees or deposits. in the event our market-based operations fail to perform these obligations, the entity holding the guarantees may seek to enforce the performance commitments against us or proceed against the deposit. in that event, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity could be adversely affected.
at december 31, 2014, we had remaining performance commitments as measured by remaining contract revenue totaling approximately $865.8 million and this amount is likely to increase if our market-based operations expand. the presence of these commitments may adversely affect our financial condition and make it more difficult for us to secure financing on attractive terms.
our market-based operations' long-term contracts with the department of defense may be terminated for the convenience of the u.s. government and are subject to periodic contract price redetermination.
all of our contracts with the department of defense for the operation and maintenance of water and wastewater systems may be terminated, in whole or in part, prior to the end of the 50-year term for convenience of the u.s. government or as a result of default or non-performance by the subsidiary performing the contract. in addition, the contract price for each of these military contracts is typically subject to redetermination two years after commencement of operations and every three years thereafter. price redetermination is a contract mechanism to periodically adjust the service fee in the next period to reflect changes in contract obligations and anticipated market conditions. any early contract termination or unfavorable price redetermination could adversely affect our results of operations.
we operate a number of water and wastewater systems under o&m contracts and face the risk that the owners of those systems may fail to provide capital to properly maintain those systems, which may negatively affect us as the operators of the systems.
we operate a number of water and wastewater systems under o&m contracts. pursuant to these contracts, we operate the system according to the standards set forth in the applicable contract, and it is generally the responsibility of the owner of the system to undertake capital improvements. in some cases, we may not be able to convince the owner to make needed improvements in order to maintain compliance with applicable regulations. although violations and fines incurred by water and wastewater systems may be the responsibility of the owner of the system under these contracts, those non-compliance events may reflect poorly on us as the operator of the system and damage our reputation, and in some cases, may result in liability to the same extent as if we were the owner.
25
our market-based operations are party to long-term contracts to operate and maintain water and wastewater systems under which we may incur costs in excess of payments received.
some of our market-based operations enter into long-term contracts under which they agree to operate and maintain a municipality's, federal government's or other party's water or wastewater treatment and delivery facilities, which includes specified major maintenance for some of those facilities, in exchange for an annual fee. our market-based operations are generally subject to the risk that costs associated with operating and maintaining the facilities, including production costs such as purchased water, electricity, fuel and chemicals used in water treatment, may exceed the fees received from the municipality or other contracting party. losses under these contracts or guarantees may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
our inability to efficiently optimize and stabilize our recently implemented business transformation project, could result in higher than expected costs or otherwise adversely impact our internal controls environment, operations and profitability.
over the past several years, we have implemented a "business transformation" project, which is intended to improve our business processes and upgrade our legacy core information technology systems. this multi-year, enterprise-wide initiative supports our broader strategic initiatives. the project is intended to optimize workflow throughout our field operations, improve our back-office operations and enhance our customer service capabilities. the scale and costs associated with the business transformation project were significant. any technical or other difficulties in optimizing and stabilizing this initiative may increase the costs of the project and have an adverse effect on our operations and reporting processes, including our internal control over financial reporting. in august 2012, our new business systems associated with phase i of our business transformation project became operational. phase i consisted of the roll-out of the erp, which encompassed applications that handle human resources, finance, and supply chain/procurement management activities. in the second quarter of 2013, we implemented phase ii of our business transformation project in a number of our regulated subsidiaries. in the fourth quarter of 2013, phase ii of our business transformation project was implemented in our remaining regulated subsidiaries. phase ii consisted of the roll-out of a new enterprise asset management system, which manages an asset's lifecycle, and a customer information system, which contains all billing and collections data pertaining to american water's customers for our regulated segment. although efforts have been made to minimize any adverse impact on our controls, we cannot assure that all such impacts have been mitigated.
as we make adjustments to our operations, we may incur incremental expenses prior to realizing the benefits of a more efficient workforce and operating structure. further, we may not realize anticipated cost improvements and greater efficiencies from the project.
we operate numerous information technology systems that are in various stages of integration, sometimes leading to inefficiencies. therefore, delays in stabilization and optimization of the business transformation project will also delay cost savings and efficiencies expected to result from the project. we may also experience difficulties consolidating our current systems, moving to a common set of operational processes and implementing a successful change management process. these difficulties may impact our ability to meet customer needs efficiently. any such delays or difficulties may have a material and adverse impact on our business, client relationships and financial results.
our business has inherently dangerous workplaces. if we fail to maintain safe work sites, we can be exposed to financial losses as well as penalties and other liabilities.
our safety record is critical to our reputation. we maintain health and safety standards to protect our employees, customers, vendors and the public. although we intend to adhere to such health and safety standards it is unlikely that we will be able to avoid accidents at all times.
our business sites, including construction and maintenance sites, often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of equipment, moving vehicles, pressurized water, chemicals and other regulated materials. on many sites we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement safety procedures. if we fail to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective or are not followed by our employees or others, our employees and others may be injured or die. unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover and raise our operating costs. any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, our operations can involve the handling and storage of hazardous chemicals, which, if improperly handled, stored or disposed of, could subject us to penalties or other liabilities. we are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. although we maintain functional employee groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health, safety, and environmental work procedures throughout our organization, including construction sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to liability.
26
our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel.
the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, craft personnel, and corporate management professionals who have the required experience and expertise. from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded for our business needs. in certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel.
in addition, as some of our key personnel approach retirement age, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans. if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

the following discussion should be read together with the financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business, operations and financial performance. the cautionary statements made in this form 10-k should be read as applying to all related forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this form 10-k. our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those we discuss under "risk factors" and elsewhere in this form 10-k. you should read "risk factors" and "forward-looking statements."
executive overview general american water works company, inc. (herein referred to as "american water" or the "company") is the largest investor-owned united states water and wastewater utility company, as measured both by operating revenues and population served. our approximately 6,400 employees provide drinking water, wastewater and other water related services to an estimated 15 million people
33
in 47 states and in one canadian province. our primary business involves the ownership of water and wastewater utilities that provide water and wastewater services to residential, commercial, industrial and other customers. our regulated businesses that provide these services are generally subject to economic regulation by state regulatory agencies in the states in which they operate. the federal government and the states also regulate environmental, health and safety and water quality matters. our regulated businesses provide services in 16 states and serve approximately 3.2 million customers based on the number of active service connections to our water and wastewater networks. we report the results of these businesses in our regulated businesses segment. we also provide services that are not subject to economic regulation by state regulatory agencies. we report the results of these businesses in our market-based operations segment.
in 2014, we continued the execution of our strategic goals. our commitment to growth through investment in our regulated infrastructure and expansion of our regulated customer base and our market-based operations, combined with operational excellence led to continued improvement in regulated operating efficiency, improved performance of our market-based operations, and enabled us to provide increased value to our customers and investors. during the year, we focused on growth, addressed regulatory lag, made more efficient use of capital and improved our regulated operation and maintenance ("o&m") efficiency ratio.
2014 financial results for the year ended december 31, 2014, we continued to increase net income, while making significant capital investment in our infrastructure and implementing operational efficiency improvements to keep customer rates affordable. highlights of our 2014 operating results compared to 2013 and 2012 include:
2014                                           2013                2012

income from continuing operations                            $2.39               $2.07               $2.10
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax      $(0.04   )          $(0.01   )          $(0.09   )
diluted earnings per share                                   $2.35               $2.06               $2.01
continuing operations income from continuing operations included 4 cents per diluted share of costs resulting from the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia in 2014 and included 14 cents per diluted share in 2013 related to a tender offer. earnings from continuing operations, adjusted for these two items, increased 10%, or 22 cents per share, mainly due to favorable operating results from our regulated businesses segment due to higher revenues and lower operating expenses, partially offset by higher depreciation expenses. also contributing to the overall increase in income from continuing operations was lower interest expense in 2014 compared to the same period in 2013.
discontinued operations in the fourth quarter of 2014, we sold our terratec line of business, which was part of our market-based operations segment. the loss from discontinued operations, net of tax reflected in the 2014 financial results includes the loss on the sale, an income tax valuation allowance and the 2014 operating results of the entity prior to the sale.
also, as part of our portfolio optimization initiative, the sales of our regulated subsidiaries in arizona, new mexico and ohio were completed during 2012. discontinued operations include the gain/loss on sale, as well as the operating results of these subsidiaries.
see "consolidated results of operations and variances" and "segment results" below for further detailed discussion of the consolidated results of operations, as well as our business segments. all financial information in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") reflects continuing operations, unless otherwise noted. see note 3 to consolidated financial statements for further details on our discontinued operations.
making efficient use of capital we invested approximately $1 billion and $950 million in company-funded capital improvements in 2014 and 2013, respectively. these capital investments are needed on an ongoing basis to comply with existing and new regulations, renew aging treatment and network assets, provide capacity for new growth and ensure system reliability, security and quality of service. the need for continuous investment presents a challenge as we work to balance investment needs with customer affordability. in addition, the potential for regulatory lag, or the delay in recovering operating expenses may impact the level of our capital investments.
34
expanding markets and developing new offerings during 2014, our regulated businesses completed the purchase of five regulated water systems, five regulated wastewater systems and three regulated water and wastewater systems. these acquisitions added approximately 2,100 water customers and 2,400 wastewater customers to our regulated operations. during 2014, our military services group within our market-based operations segment was awarded two u.s. military contracts. in january 2014, it was awarded a contract for operation and maintenance of the water and wastewater systems at hill air force base in utah. in august 2014, the military services group was awarded a contract for operation and maintenance of the water and wastewater systems at picatinny arsenal in new jersey. during 2014, our homeowners services group ("hos") began offering its water and sewer line protection programs in eight new states. additionally, orlando utilities commission ("ouc") awarded hos a contract to be ouc's exclusive provider of service line protection programs. this contract enables hos to market its water line, sewer line, in-home plumbing, interior electric, surge, commercial water line and commercial sewer line protection programs to ouc's 234,000 customers. in 2014, hos also launched its interior electric program and continued to develop new products and services to better meet customer needs.
on november 4, 2014 voters in haddonfield, new jersey, arnold, missouri and russiaville, indiana approved referendums for us to purchase their water and/or wastewater assets. following regulatory approval and financial close, these three acquisitions will add approximately 19,000 customers to the company's regulated footprint. additionally, in february, 2015 our illinois subsidiary entered into an agreement to purchase the city of mt. vernon's water and wastewater systems, which serves about 6,600 customer connections.
continuing improvement in o&m efficiency ratio for our regulated businesses we continued to improve on our o&m efficiency ratio during 2014. our o&m efficiency ratio was 36.7% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 38.5% and 40.7% for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the improvement in our 2014 o&m efficiency ratio in 2014 was principally attributable to the increase in our regulated businesses' revenues as well as a decrease in adjusted o&m expenses compared to the same period in 2013.
our o&m efficiency ratio (a non-gaap measure) is defined as our regulated operation and maintenance expense divided by regulated operating revenues, where both o&m expense and operating revenues are adjusted to eliminate purchased water expense. we also excluded from operating revenues and o&m expenses the impact from weather and the west virginia freedom industries chemical spill. additionally, from the o&m expenses, we exclude the allocable portion of non-o&m support services cost, mainly depreciation and general taxes that are reflected in the regulated businesses segment as o&m costs but for consolidated financial reporting purposes are categorized within other lines in the statement of operations.
management believes that this calculation better reflects the regulated businesses segment's o&m efficiency ratio. we evaluate our operating performance using this measure, as it is the primary measure of the efficiency of our regulated operations. this information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of our operating performance. o&m efficiency ratio is not a measure defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' operating measures or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. the following table provides a reconciliation between operation and maintenance expense and operating revenues, as determined in accordance with gaap, and to those amounts utilized in the calculation of our o&m efficiency ratio for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
35
regulated o&m efficiency ratio (a non-gaap measure)
for the years ended december 31,

2014                                                                                  2013                            2012
(in thousands)
total o&amp;m expense                                              $1,349,864                      $1,289,081                      $1,329,500
less:
o&amp;m expense-market-based operations                               289,395                         240,610                         256,269
o&amp;m expense-other                                                 (51,038     )                   (56,973     )                   (56,755   )
total regulated o&amp;m expense                                     1,111,507                       1,105,444                       1,129,986
less:
regulated purchased water expense                                     121,301                         111,119                         110,173
allocation of internal o&amp;m costs                                   38,985                          34,635                          35,067
impact of west virginia freedom industries chemical spill              10,438                               -                               -
estimated impact of weather (mid-point of range)                       (1,762     )                    (1,687     )                     4,700
adjusted regulated o&amp;m expense (a)                               $942,545                        $961,377                        $980,046
total operating revenues                                           $3,011,328                      $2,878,936                      $2,853,926
less:
operating revenues-market-based operations                            354,679                         302,541                         307,366
operating revenues-other                                              (17,680     )                   (17,523     )                   (17,874   )
total regulated operating revenues                                  2,674,329                       2,593,918                       2,564,434
less:
regulated purchased water expense*                                    121,301                         111,119                         110,173
plus:
impact of west virginia freedom industries chemical spill               1,012                               -                               -
estimated impact of weather (mid-point of range)                       16,785                          15,625                         (47,400   )
adjusted regulated operating revenues (b)                          $2,570,825                      $2,498,424                      $2,406,861
regulated o&amp;m efficiency ratio (a)/(b)                               36.7     %                      38.5     %                      40.7   %
*   note calculation assumes purchased water revenues approximate purchased water expenses.

addressing regulatory lag in 2014, additional annualized revenues from general rate cases amounting to $43.7 million, including step increases totaling $5.7 million, became effective. also, in 2014, we were granted $34.6 million in additional annualized revenues, assuming constant sales volume, from infrastructure charges in several of our states.
on november 21, 2014, we reached a stipulation and settlement agreement related to our rate case with the indiana office of the utility consumers counselor. this agreement was submitted to the indiana utility regulatory commission for consideration. on january 28, 2015, the puc issued their order which provides additional annualized revenues totaling $5.1 million effective as of january 29, 2015.
on february 19, 2014, the company, the office of ratepayer advocate and other intervenors submitted an amended settlement of $24.0 million that includes a test year 2015 revenue requirement increase of $12.7 million from the july 2013 filing date. the settlement also provides for escalation and attrition adjustments in 2016 and 2017 of $5.0 million and $6.3 million, respectively. the agreement is pending regulatory approval and is subject to change.
on october 29, 2014, our tennessee subsidiary filed for additional annualized revenues from infrastructure charges in the amount of $2.4 million, as adjusted.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we filed two general rate cases. on november 14, 2014, our kentucky subsidiary filed a general wastewater rate case requesting an additional $0.1 million in annualized revenues. on december 19, 2014, our maryland subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting an additional $0.8 million in annualized revenues.
36
on january 9, 2015, our new jersey subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting additional annualized revenues of $66.2 million. additionally, annualized revenues of $9.4 million and $6.4 million resulting in infrastructure charges in our new jersey and illinois subsidiaries, respectively, became effective in 2015.
in total, as of february 20, 2015, we are awaiting final orders in four states requesting additional annualized revenues of approximately $91.1 million, for general rate cases, and the $2.4 million in additional annualized revenues in tennessee for infrastructure charges.
other matters west virginia event on january 9, 2014, a chemical storage tank owned by freedom industries, inc. leaked 4-methylcyclohexane methanol, or mchm, and pph/diphh, a mix of polyglycol ethers, into the elk river near the wvawc treatment plant in charleston, west virginia. as a result of this event, income after income taxes for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 was reduced by $7.0 million or $0.04 per share. see part i, item 3, "legal proceedings" in this report for information regarding litigation and an investigation by the public service commission of west virginia relating to the freedom industries chemical spill. the company and wvawc believe that wvawc has responded appropriately to, and has no responsibility for, the freedom industries chemical spill, and the company, wvawc and other company affiliates have valid, meritorious defenses to the lawsuits. nevertheless, an adverse outcome in one or more of the lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. moreover, wvawc and the company are unable to predict the outcome of the ongoing government investigations or any legislative initiatives that might affect water utility operations.
2015 and beyond our future results are anchored on five central themes with customers at the center of all we do. these five central themes are:
customers
·   our focus continues to concentrate on our customers by achieving customer satisfaction and service quality targets. in addition, we will continue to balance our infrastructure investment needs with the affordability impact on customer bills.

safety
·   our focus continues on driving safety in everything that we do. our safety focus includes safety of employees, customers and the public. we have made safety a core value of our company.

people
·   our focus on employees and our culture is paramount to our success going forward. we intend to focus on ensuring we have strong relationships with our union represented employees, effective training and development and diversity of our workforce.

growth
·   we expect to invest $6 billion over the next five years, with $1.2 billion in 2015, as follows:

§   capital investment to improve infrastructure in our regulated businesses of $5.2 billion, with $1.1 billion expected in 2015.

§   growth from acquisitions in our regulated businesses to expand our water and wastewater customer base of $540 million.

§   growth in our market-based businesses from new core growth, expanded markets and new offerings, and evaluate potential opportunities to assist the shale industry in the delivery of water to support their processes. we have estimated strategic capital of $230 million.

technology & operational efficiency
·   continued commitment to operational efficiency, technology innovation and environmental stewardship. we intend to continue to modernize our infrastructure and focus on operational efficiencies, while bolstering a culture of continuous improvement. we have set a goal to achieve an o&amp;m efficiency ratio equal to or below 34% by 2020. in regards to

37
environmental sustainability, we are committed to maximizing our protection of the environment, reducing our carbon and waste footprints and water lost through leakage.

we are committed to operating our business responsibly and managing our operating and capital costs in a manner that benefits our customers and produces value for our shareholders. we are committed to an ongoing strategy that leverages processes and technology innovation to make ourselves more effective and efficient.
38
consolidated results of operations the following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
years ended december 31,

2014                                                                                                    2013                            2012
(in thousands, except per share data)
operating revenues                                                                   $3,011,328                      $2,878,936                      $2,853,926
operating expenses operation and maintenance                                                             1,349,864                       1,289,081                       1,329,500
depreciation and amortization                                                           424,084                         406,717                         380,402
general taxes                                                                           236,732                         234,198                         220,758
(gain) loss on asset dispositions and purchases                                          (1,928     )                       624                            (838   )
total operating expenses, net                                                         2,008,752                       1,930,620                       1,929,822
operating income                                                                      1,002,576                         948,316                         924,104
other income (expenses)
interest, net                                                                          (297,818     )                  (308,164     )                  (310,794   )
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                -                         (40,583     )                         -
allowance for other funds used during construction                                        9,440                          12,639                          15,592
allowance for borrowed funds used during construction                                     5,838                           6,377                           7,771
amortization of debt expense                                                             (7,026     )                    (6,603     )                    (5,358   )
other, net                                                                               (3,196     )                    (4,045     )                      (926   )
total other income (expenses)                                                          (292,762     )                  (340,379     )                  (293,715   )
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                   709,814                         607,937                         630,389
provision for income taxes                                                              279,973                         237,093                         256,787
income from continuing operations                                                       429,841                         370,844                         373,602
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                                            (6,733     )                    (1,580     )                   (15,532   )
net income                                                                             $423,108                        $369,264                        $358,070
other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
change in employee benefit plan funded status, net of tax of $(29,487),                $(46,119     )                   $73,472                        $(26,425   )
$46,974 and $(16,894), respectively pension amortized to periodic benefit cost:
prior service cost, net of tax of $106, $111 and $113, respectively                         166                             174                             176
actuarial (gain) loss, net of tax of $(19), $5,697 and $4,668, respectively                 (31     )                     8,911                           7,301
foreign currency translation adjustment                                                    (458     )                    (1,001     )                       434
unrealized loss on cash flow hedge, net of tax of $(428)                                   (791     )                         -                               -
other comprehensive income (loss)                                                       (47,233     )                    81,556                         (18,514   )
comprehensive income                                                                   $375,875                        $450,820                        $339,556
basic earnings per share: (a)
income from continuing operations                                                         $2.40                           $2.08                           $2.12
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                                            $(0.04     )                    $(0.01     )                    $(0.09   )
net income                                                                                $2.36                           $2.08                           $2.03
diluted earnings per share: (a)
income from continuing operations                                                         $2.39                           $2.07                           $2.10
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                                            $(0.04     )                    $(0.01     )                    $(0.09   )
net income                                                                                $2.35                           $2.06                           $2.01
average common shares outstanding during the period basic                                                                                   178,888                         177,814                         176,445
diluted                                                                                 179,806                         179,056                         177,671
dividends declared per common share                                                       $1.24                           $1.12                           $0.98
(a)   amounts may not sum due to rounding.

39
comparison of consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013
operating revenues. consolidated operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased $132.4 million, or 4.6%, compared to the same period in 2013. this increase is the result of higher revenues in our regulated businesses of $80.4 million, which was mainly attributable to rate increases, incremental revenues from surcharges and balancing accounts and acquisitions partially offset by reduced consumption in 2014. also contributing to the higher revenue was a $52.1 million increase in our market-based operations segment. the primary drivers were incremental revenue from contract growth in hos, and for our military contracts, price redeterminations and increased construction project activity with the largest increase due to the fort polk wastewater treatment plant project awarded in late 2013. for further information see the respective "operating revenues" discussions within the "segment results."
operation and maintenance. consolidated operation and maintenance expense for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased $60.8 million, or 4.7%, compared to 2013. the increase is primarily due to an increase in our market-based operations segment of $48.8 million principally as a result of incremental costs related to the increased activity under our military contracts, corresponding with the increased revenue. also, our regulated businesses' costs increased by $6.1 million principally due to increased production costs, uncollectible expense, maintenance expenses and costs associated with the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia partially offset by lower employee-related costs. for further information see the respective "operation and maintenance" discussions within the "segment results."
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense increased by $17.4 million, or 4.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in the prior year as a result of additional utility plant placed in service, including our customer information and enterprise asset management systems that were placed into service during the second and fourth quarters of 2013.
other income (expenses). other expenses decreased by $47.6 million, or 14.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in the prior year. this decrease is principally attributable to the recognition of a pre-tax loss on debt extinguishment in 2013 of $40.6 million in connection with the cash tender offer for our 6.085% senior notes due 2017. also contributing to the decrease was a reduction in interest expense resulting from interest savings as a result of our 2014 and 2013 refinancings, offset by a reduction in allowance for funds used during construction ("afudc") which is mainly attributable to our customer information and enterprise asset management systems being placed into service in the second and fourths quarters of 2013.
provision for income taxes. our consolidated provision for income taxes increased $42.9 million, or 18.1%, to $280.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were 39.4% and 39.0%, respectively. the rate for the year ended december 31, 2013 includes a $3.0 million tax benefit associated with a legal structure reorganization within our market-based operations segment. this strategic restructuring allowed us to utilize state net operating loss carryforwards, which without the restructuring most likely would not have been utilized prior to their expiration.
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax. as previously noted, the financial results of our terratec line of business within our market-based operations segment was classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. the sale of terratec was completed in the fourth quarter of 2014. the increase in the loss from discontinued operations, net of tax is primarily related to the after-tax loss recorded on the sale of $2.3 million and lower operating results in 2014 compared to 2013.
comparison of consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012
operating revenues. consolidated operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2013 increased $25.0 million, or 0.9%, compared to the same period in 2012. this increase is the result of higher revenues in our regulated businesses of $29.5 million, which was mainly attributable to rate increases partially offset by decreased consumption, primarily related to weather. for further information see the respective "operating revenues" discussions within the "segment results."
operation and maintenance. consolidated operation and maintenance expense for the year ended december 31, 2013 decreased $40.4 million, or 3.0%, compared to 2012. this change was mainly attributable to a $24.5 million decrease in our regulated businesses' costs primarily related to a decrease in employee-related costs, primarily pension and group insurance expense as well as lower preventive maintenance expenses. for further information see the respective "operation and maintenance" discussions within the "segment results."
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense increased by $26.3 million, or 6.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in the prior year as a result of additional utility plant placed in service including our business transformation project, which accounted for $10.8 million of the incremental expense in 2013.
40
general taxes. general taxes expense, which includes taxes for property, payroll, gross receipts and other miscellaneous items, increased by $13.4 million, or 6.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. this increase was principally due to incremental taxes in the first half of 2013 associated with the properties acquired in our new york acquisition in the second quarter of 2012. also, 2012 property taxes were lower due to the recognition of credit adjustments in indiana and missouri which reduced property tax expense in the third quarter of 2012. lastly, gross receipts taxes were higher in our new jersey subsidiary by $3.5 million.
other income (expenses). other expenses increased $46.7 million, or 15.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in the prior year. this increase is principally attributable to the recognition of a pre-tax loss on debt extinguishment of $40.6 million in connection with the cash tender offer for our 6.085% senior notes due 2017. the loss consisted of a repurchase premium of $39.4 million, transaction fees of $0.7 million and a write-off of $0.5 million for unamortized debt issuance costs. also contributing to the increase was a reduction in allowance for funds used during construction ("afudc") of $4.3 million resulting from decreased construction activities, compared to the same period in 2012, including the winding down of our business transformation project.
provision for income taxes. our consolidated provision for income taxes decreased $19.7 million, or 7.7%, to $237.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 were 39.0% and 40.7%, respectively. the rate for the year ended december 31, 2013 includes a $3.0 million tax benefit associated with a legal structure reorganization within our market-based operations segment. this strategic restructuring allowed us to utilize state net operating loss carryforwards, which without the restructuring most likely would not have been utilized prior to their expiration.
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax. as noted above, the financial results of our regulated water and wastewater systems in arizona, new mexico, texas and ohio and our applied water management, inc. subsidiary within the market-based operations segment have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. the loss in 2012 is primarily comprised of net losses recorded in connection with the disposition of our arizona, new mexico and ohio subsidiaries.
segment results of operations we have two operating segments, which are also our reportable segments: the regulated businesses and the market-based operations. these segments are determined based on how we assess performance and allocate resources. we evaluate the performance of our segments and allocated resources based on several factors, with the primary measure being income from continuing operations before income taxes.
regulated businesses segment the following table summarizes certain financial information for our regulated businesses for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,

2014                                                                              2013                            2012
(in thousands)
operating revenues                                      $2,674,329                      $2,593,918                      $2,564,434
operation and maintenance expense                               1,111,507                       1,105,444                       1,129,986
operating expenses, net                                         1,725,651                       1,700,052                       1,685,734
income from continuing operations before income taxes             707,449                         654,834                         649,117
41
operating revenues. our primary business involves the ownership of water and wastewater utilities that provide services to residential, commercial, industrial and other customers. this business is subject to state regulation and our results of operations can be impacted significantly by rates authorized by the state regulatory commissions in the states in which we operate. the table below details additional annualized revenues awarded, including step increases and assuming a constant volume, resulting from rate authorizations granted in 2014, 2013 and 2012:
years ended december 31,

2014                                      2013                2012
(in millions)
state general rate cases:
pennsylvania (1)                $-               $26.0                    $-
new jersey                       -                   -                  30.0
kentucky (2)                     -                 6.9                     -
missouri                         -                   -                  24.0
illinois                         -                   -                  17.9
indiana                          -                                       1.9
california (3)                 1.9                 3.5                  32.9
west virginia (4)                -                 8.5                     -
virginia(5)                      -                   -                   2.6
tennessee                        -                   -                   5.2
iowa(6)                        3.8                   -                   2.8
new york(7)                      -                   -                   5.6
other                            -                 0.1                   0.2
total-general rate cases      $5.7               $45.0                $123.1
(1)   on december 19, 2013, a rate case settlement was approved with an effective date of january 1, 2014. this rate increase combined, in part, wastewater and water rates.

(2)   final order was received on october 25, 2013. the increase approximated the interim rates, net of the reserve that had been recorded since july 27, 2013.

(3)   second and final step increases from the 2012 rate case became effective on april 1, 2013 and april 1, 2014, respectively.

(4)   final order issued on september 26, 2013 by the west virginia public service commission. new rates were put into effect october 11, 2013.

(5)   the new rates provided additional annualized revenues of $2.3 million in 2012 and $4.3 million in 2011 for jurisdictional customers, and $0.3 million in 2013 and $0.5 million in 2011 for non-jurisdictional customers, which are not subject to commission approval.

(6)   effective date of new rates was april 18, 2014. the increase included approximately $2.7 million of interim rates that were effective may 10, 2013.

(7)   amount includes a $3.0 million increase effective april 1, 2012, with the remainder of $1.4 million and $1.2 million becoming effective april 1, 2013 and april 1, 2014, respectively.

the effective dates for the more significant increases granted in 2012 were january 1, 2012, april 1, 2012, may 1, 2012 and october 1, 2012 for our california, missouri, new jersey, and illinois subsidiaries, respectively.
42
as previously noted, an increasing number of states are permitting rates to be adjusted outside of a general rate case for certain costs, such as mechanisms that permit a return on capital investments to replace aging infrastructure. the following table details additional annualized revenues authorized through infrastructure surcharge mechanisms which were granted in 2014, 2013 and 2012. as these surcharges are typically rolled into the new base rates and therefore are reset to zero when new base rates are effective, certain of these charges may also be reflected in the total general rate case amounts awarded in the table above if the order date was following the infrastructure surcharge filing date:
years ended december 31,

2014                                          2013                2012
(in millions)
infrastructure charges:
pennsylvania (1)                    $-               $19.8               $10.5
new jersey (2)                    17.5                 4.0                   -
missouri (3)                      12.7                 7.9                 4.2
indiana (4)                          -                 3.9                 3.7
illinois (5)                       2.1                 0.5                   -
new york (6)                       1.8                   -                   -
other                              0.5                   -                   -
total-infrastructure charges     $34.6               $36.1               $18.4
(1)   quarterly filings made with puc. $6.7 million, $3.7 million, $2.9 million and $6.5 million effective october 1, 2013, july 1, 2013, april 1, 2013 and january 1, 2013, respectively. no infrastructure charges in 2014 as a result of general rate case effective january 1, 2014 utilized forecasted test year and therefore qualifying infrastructure improvements already reflected in rates.

(2)   semi-annual filings made with the puc. $7.4 million, $10.1 million and $4.0 million effective july 1, 2014, january 1, 2014 and july 1, 2013, respectively.

(3)   for 2014, $9.0 million and $3.7 million effective december 31, 2014 and may 30, 2014, respectively. for 2013, $5.4 million effective june 21, 2013 and $2.5 million effective december 14, 2013.

(4)   effective december 18, 2013.

(5)   $2.1 million effective january 1, 2014 and $0.5 million effective october 1, 2013.

(6)   $0.9 million effective january 1, 2014, $0.7 million effective march 3, 2014 and $0.2 million effective april 1, 2014.

comparison of results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013
operating revenues increased by $80.4 million, or 3.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013. the increase in revenues is principally due to incremental revenues of approximately $80.0 million attributable to rate increases, including infrastructure mechanisms, obtained through rate authorizations for a number of our operating companies. additionally, revenues increased by $10.9 million due to an increase in surcharges and balancing accounts and by approximately $12.6 million attributable to acquisitions. the most significant contributor to the increase in revenues from acquisitions was dale service corporation ("dale"), which was acquired by our virginia subsidiary in the fourth quarter of 2013.  partially offsetting these increases was a decrease in revenues of approximately $27.0 million as a result of lower demand.
43
the following table sets forth the amounts and percentages of regulated businesses' revenues and billed water sales volume by customer class:
for the years ended december 31,

2014                                              2013                            increase                      percentage        2014                  2013                      increase                 percentage
(decrease)                                                                                      (decrease)
operating revenues            billed water sales volume
(dollars in thousands)            (gallons in millions)
customer class water service residential                      $1,515,049                  $1,465,174           $49,875                              3.4   %            176,975               180,976                   (4,001   )                (2.2   %)
commercial                          550,124                     520,875                    29,249                      5.6   %             81,564                80,392                    1,172           1.5             %
industrial                          131,834                     118,939                    12,895                     10.8   %             39,833                37,107                    2,726           7.3             %
public and other                    333,048                     312,369                    20,679                      6.6   %             52,710                51,009                    1,701           3.3             %
other water revenues                 26,377                      17,546                     8,831                     50.3   %        -                     -                     -                        -
billed water services             2,556,432                   2,434,903                   121,529                      5.0   %            351,082               349,484                    1,598           0.5             %
unbilled water services             (25,419   )                  30,142                   (55,561   )               (184.3   %)
total water revenues              2,531,013                   2,465,045                    65,968                      2.7   %
wastewater revenues                  93,067                      82,831                    10,236                     12.4   %
other revenues                       50,250                      46,043                     4,207                      9.1   %
$2,674,330                  $2,593,919           $80,411                              3.1   %
water services-consistent with the above discussion, water service operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014 totaled $2,531.0 million, a $66.0 million increase, or 2.7%, over the same period of 2013. as described above, the increases are primarily due to rate increases, infrastructure surcharges, amortization of balancing accounts and recent acquisitions. also, it should be noted that the mix between billed revenues and unbilled revenues has changed. this is principally the result of the implementation of our customer information system ("cis") as part of phase ii of our business transformation project. at december 31, 2013, unbilled revenues were significantly higher than historical levels due to billing delays in certain accounts. during the first quarter of 2014, we addressed a majority of these delayed billings. therefore, as a result, the unbilled water revenues decreased by $55.6 million with corresponding increases in billed revenues.
wastewater services-our subsidiaries provide wastewater services in 11 states. revenues from these services increased $10.2 million, or 12.4%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to incremental revenues resulting from acquisitions, most notably the dale acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2013.
other revenues-other revenues, which includes such items as reconnection charges, initial application service fees, certain rental revenues, revenue collection services for others and similar items, increased $4.2 million, or 9.1%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014, as compared to the same period in the prior year, was mainly due to $2.4 million in insurance proceeds for business interruption as a result of hurricane sandy in addition to an increase in late payment fees.
operation and maintenance expense. operation and maintenance expense increased $6.1 million, or 0.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. operation and maintenance expense for 2014 and 2013, by major expense category, was as follows:
for the years ended december 31,

2014                       2013                             increase                       percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
production costs                                $289,168                    $271,181             $17,987                               6.6   %
employee-related costs                           429,878                     455,690                     (25,812   )                  (5.7   %)
operating supplies and services                  216,154                     215,702             452                                   0.2   %
maintenance materials and supplies                68,027                      65,853                       2,174                       3.3   %
customer billing and accounting                   61,459                      52,625                       8,834                      16.8   %
other                                             46,821                      44,393                       2,428                       5.5   %
total                                         $1,111,507                  $1,105,444             $6,063                                0.5   %
44
production costs including fuel and power, purchased water, chemicals and waste disposal costs increased by $18.0 million, or 6.6%, for 2014 compared to 2013. production costs by major expense type were as follows:
for the years ended december 31,

2014                     2013                           increase                      percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
purchased water            $121,301                  $111,119             $10,182                              9.2   %
fuel and power               92,011                    86,337                      5,674                       6.6   %
chemicals                    45,930                    47,901                     (1,971   )                  (4.1   %)
waste disposal               29,926                    25,824                      4,102                      15.9   %
total                      $289,168                  $271,181             $17,987                              6.6   %
overall production costs increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year as a result of increases in purchased water, fuel and power costs and waste disposal. partially offsetting these increases was a decrease in chemicals due to a $1.8 million reversal of chemical expense resulting from a favorable litigation settlement. the purchased water increases principally reflect increased prices in our california subsidiary and, to a lesser extent, price increases in our illinois subsidiary. fuel and power costs increased due to higher supplier prices in several of our operating facilities as well as incremental costs as a result of the dale acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2013. the increase in waste disposal costs was principally due to an increase in the amount allowed by a cost recovery mechanism in one of our operating companies and the dale acquisition. also contributing to the  increase was incremental costs associated with the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia.
employee-related costs including salaries and wages, group insurance, and pension expense decreased $25.8 million, or 5.7%, for 2014 compared to 2013. these employee-related costs represented 38.7% and 41.2% of operation and maintenance expense for 2014 and 2013, respectively, and include the categories shown in the following table:
for the years ended december 31,

2014                     2013                           increase                    percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
salaries and wages            $328,329                  $323,022             $5,307                      1.6             %
pensions                        26,805                    48,374                     (21,569   )                 (44.6   %)
group insurance                 55,196                    65,872                     (10,676   )                 (16.2   %)
other benefits                  19,548                    18,422                     1,126               6.1             %
total                         $429,878                  $455,690             $(25,812          )                  (5.7   %)
the overall decrease in employee-related costs for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to 2013, was primarily due to a reduction in pension costs and postretirement benefit costs (which is included in group insurance expenses). these decreases are principally due to the change in assumptions used for the discount rate, which in turn resulted in decreased contributions. the decrease in contributions occurred at those regulated operating companies whose costs are recovered based on our funding policy, which is to fund at least the minimum amount required by the employee retirement income security act of 1974. partially offsetting these decreases was an increase in salaries and wages expense as a result of annual wage increases and increased overtime expense attributable to an increased number of main breaks as a result of the harsh winter weather conditions and increases in severance expense as a result of the restructuring of certain functions, offset by a reduction in incentive compensation due to a lower than expected payout for the 2013 incentive period as well as higher capitalization rates as a result of increased capital projects.
45
operating supplies and services include expenses for office operation, legal and other professional services, including transportation expenses, information systems rental charges and other office equipment rental charges. overall, these costs remained relatively unchanged with an increase of $0.5 million, or 0.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013.
for the years ended december 31,

2014                     2013                           increase                  percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
contracted services                      $88,466                   $93,744             $(5,278          )                 (5.6   %)
office supplies and services              45,224                    45,272                       (48    )                 (0.1   %)
transportation                            19,749                    20,620                      (871    )                 (4.2   %)
rents                                     15,339                    15,830                      (491    )                 (3.1   %)
other                                     47,376                    40,236                     7,140             17.7             %
total                                   $216,154                  $215,702             $452                      0.2              %
the increase in other operating supplies and services was primarily offset by a decrease in contracted services. other operating supplies and services increased as a result of a $2.2 million increase in customer education and communication in california related to community relations and measure "0" and an $0.8 million increase in conservation expense as well as the inclusion in 2013 of $1.6 million of insurance proceeds for the recovery of expenses related to hurricanes irene and sandy and an increase in legal expenses. the decrease in contracted services is primarily the result of the completion of our business transformation project, consisting of the roll-out of our enterprise asset management system and cis, which required the use of additional contracted services in 2013. these decreases were partially offset by increases resulting from the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia.
maintenance materials and supplies, which include preventive maintenance and emergency repair costs, increased $2.2 million, or 3.3%, for 2014 compared to 2013.
for the years ended december 31,

2014                 2013                       increase                  percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
maintenance materials and supplies       $68,027               $65,853               $2,174                    3.3             %
the increase for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013, is primarily due to increases in paving, backfilling and other repair costs, most of which are from the higher than normal main breaks in the first quarter of 2014 due to the abnormally harsh winter weather conditions experienced throughout our operating areas.
customer billing and accounting expenses increased by $8.8 million, or 16.8%, for 2014 compared to 2013.
for the years ended december 31,

2014                    2013                          increase                  percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
uncollectible accounts expense            $35,027                  $26,443             $8,584                    32.5             %
postage                                    13,793                   12,757                     1,036             8.1              %
other                                      12,639                   13,425                      (786    )                 (5.9   %)
total                                     $61,459                  $52,625             $8,834                    16.8             %
the increase for 2014 is primarily due to incremental uncollectible expense associated with an increase in customer accounts receivable attributable to the overall aging of receivables as well as rate increases. we believe the change in our aging of receivables in 2014 is the result of temporary changes we made in our collection process in connection with the implementation of our new cis in 2013, including phase ii which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2013.
46
other operation and maintenance expense includes casualty and liability insurance premiums and regulatory costs. these costs increased by $2.4 million, or 5.5%, for 2014 compared to 2013.
for the years ended december 31,

2014                   2013                         increase                   percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
insurance                     $41,067                 $35,406             $5,661                     16.0            %
regulatory expenses             5,754                   8,987                     (3,233   )                 (36.0   %)
total                         $46,821                 $44,393             $2,428                     5.5             %
the increase for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, is primarily due to an increase in our expected premiums, principally due to incremental claims associated with the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia, net of favorable forecasted experience for existing claims. these premiums are based upon current facts and circumstances with respect to outstanding claims and are subject to change as the claims mature. the increase in insurance costs is partially offset by lower regulatory expenses in one of our operating subsidiaries compared to the same period in the prior year.
operating expenses. the increase in operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 is principally due to the higher operation and maintenance expenses explained above and higher depreciation and amortization expense of $18.2 million. the increase in depreciation and amortization is primarily due to additional utility plant placed in service, including cis and our enterprise asset management system.
comparison of results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012
operating revenues increased by $29.5 million, or 1.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. the increase in revenues was primarily due to rate increases obtained through rate authorizations for a number of our operating companies of which the impact was approximately $72.4 million. additionally revenues increased by $16.4 million due to increased surcharge and amortization of balancing accounts. lastly, revenues were higher by $9.9 million as a result of acquisitions, with the most significant being the result of our new york acquisition in the second quarter of 2012 (additional four months of revenue in 2013 compared to 2012) and the acquisition of dale by our virginia subsidiary in the fourth quarter of 2013. these increases were partially offset by decreased revenues of approximately $64.5 million as a result of lower demand, principally driven by the hot and dry weather conditions in the central and northeast portions of the country in 2012 versus cooler and wetter weather conditions in 2013.
the following table sets forth the amounts and percentages of regulated businesses' revenues and billed water sales volume by customer class:
for the years ended december 31,

2013                                              2012                            increase                    percentage        2013                  2012                      increase                  percentage
(decrease)                                                                                    (decrease)
operating revenues            billed water sales volume
(dollars in thousands)            (gallons in millions)
customer class water service residential                      $1,465,174                  $1,465,803           $(629            )                (0.0   %)           180,976               188,927                    (7,951   )                (4.2   %)
commercial                          520,875                     518,253                    2,622                     0.5    %            80,392                84,226                    (3,834   )                (4.6   %)
industrial                          118,939                     121,902                   (2,963   )                (2.4   %)            37,107                39,429                    (2,322   )                (5.9   %)
public and other                    312,369                     321,593                   (9,224   )                (2.9   %)            51,009                54,202                    (3,193   )                (5.9   %)
other water revenues                 17,546                      16,992           554                                3.3    %       -                     -                     -                         -
billed water services             2,434,903                   2,444,543                   (9,640   )                (0.4   %)           349,484               366,784                   (17,300   )                (4.7   %)
unbilled water services              30,142                       4,484                   25,658                   572.2    %
total water revenues              2,465,045                   2,449,027                   16,018                     0.7    %
wastewater revenues                  82,831                      78,168                    4,663                     6.0    %
other revenues                       46,043                      42,547                    3,496                     8.2    %
$2,593,919                  $2,569,742           $24,177                            0.9    %
water services-consistent with the above discussion, water service operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2013 totaled $2,465.0 million, a $21.3 million increase, or 0.9%, over the same period of 2012. however, the mix between billed revenues/billed volumes to unbilled revenues/unbilled volumes changed significantly principally as a result of our cis
47
implementation. unbilled revenue increased $25.7 million compared to the same period in the prior year mainly as a result of delayed invoicing to customers. with the implementation, we made a decision to increase the level of scrutiny and verification around bills being generated by the new system, in particular larger and/or more complex bills. as such bills that exceed certain tolerance levels are being held until verification can be performed. as such, the timing of issuance of bills has caused a decrease in billed volumes in 2013 when compared to 2012, with a corresponding increase in unbilled usage. for our residential and commercial customers, we believe that the majority of the decline in billed volumes was attributable to the weather abnormalities between 2012 and 2013 as well as the implementation of our new cis system by our regulated subsidiaries. for the remaining customer classes, we believe the decline in billed volumes was mainly due to the delay in invoicing the customer as a result of our cis implementation.
wastewater services-our subsidiaries provide wastewater services in ten states. revenues from these services increased by $4.7 million, or 6.0%, to $82.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, from the same period of 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to rate increases in our pennsylvania subsidiary as well as the dale acquisition in november, 2013.
other revenues-other revenues, which includes such items as reconnection charges, initial application service fees, certain rental revenues, revenue collection services for others and similar items, increased $3.5 million, or 8.2%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in revenues for the year ended december 31, 2013, as compared to the same period in the prior year, was mainly due to the additional surcharge revenues offset by decreases in revenues related to billings for others, reconnection and late fees.
operation and maintenance. operation and maintenance expense decreased $24.5 million, or 2.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. operation and maintenance expense for 2013 and 2012, by major expense category, was as follows:
for the years ended december 31,

2013                       2012                             increase                    percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
production costs                                $271,181                    $274,775             $(3,594           )                  (1.3   %)
employee-related costs                           455,690                     472,075                     (16,385   )                  (3.5   %)
operating supplies and services                  215,702                     210,947                     4,755               2.3             %
maintenance materials and supplies                65,853                      81,062                     (15,209   )                 (18.8   %)
customer billing and accounting                   52,625                      49,257                     3,368               6.8             %
other                                             44,393                      41,870                     2,523               6.0             %
total                                         $1,105,444                  $1,129,986             $(24,542          )                  (2.2   %)
production costs including fuel and power, purchased water, chemicals and waste disposal costs decreased by $3.6 million, or 1.3%, for 2013 compared to 2012. production costs by major expense type were as follows:
for the years ended december 31,

2013                     2012                           increase                   percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
purchased water            $111,119                  $110,173             $946                       0.9             %
fuel and power               86,337                    89,282                     (2,945   )                  (3.3   %)
chemicals                    47,901                    49,334                     (1,433   )                  (2.9   %)
waste disposal               25,824                    25,986                     (162     )                  (0.6   %)
total                      $271,181                  $274,775             $(3,594          )                  (1.3   %)
overall, production costs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the prior year as a result of reductions in chemical and fuel and power costs resulting from decreased usage mainly attributable to lower consumption in most of our states.
48
employee-related costs including salaries and wages, group insurance, and pension expense decreased $16.4 million, or 3.5%, for 2013 compared to 2012. these employee-related costs represented 41.2% and 41.8% of operation and maintenance expense for 2013 and 2012, respectively, and include the categories shown in the following table:
for the years ended december 31,

2013                     2012                           increase                   percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
salaries and wages            $323,022                  $326,370             $(3,348          )                  (1.0   %)
pensions                        48,374                    56,299                     (7,925   )                 (14.1   %)
group insurance                 65,872                    71,103                     (5,231   )                  (7.4   %)
other benefits                  18,422                    18,303             119                        0.7             %
total                         $455,690                  $472,075             $(16,385         )                  (3.5   %)
the overall decrease in employee-related costs was primarily attributable to decreased salaries and wages, group insurance and pension expense. the decrease in salaries and wages was mainly the result of lower employee incentive and stock compensation expense of approximately $5.9 million in addition to higher capitalization rates, due to increased capital investment, and a reduction in headcount partially offset by increased overtime and annual wage increases. the decrease in pension expense was primarily due to decreased contributions in certain of our regulated operating companies whose costs are recovered based on our funding policy, which is to fund at least the greater of the minimum amount required by the employee retirement income security act of 1974 or the normal cost. the reduction in group insurance expense is mainly attributable to higher capitalization rates and reduced headcount.
operating supplies and services include expenses for office operation, legal and other professional services, including transportation expenses, information systems rental charges and other office equipment rental charges. overall, these costs increased $4.8 million, or 2.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012.
for the years ended december 31,

2013                     2012                           increase                   percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
contracted services                      $93,744                   $87,675             $6,069                     6.9              %
office supplies and services              45,272                    49,354                     (4,082    )                 (8.3   %)
transportation                            20,620                    22,917                     (2,297    )                (10.0   %)
rents                                     15,830                    16,943                     (1,113    )                 (6.6   %)
other                                     40,236                    34,058                      6,178             18.1             %
total                                   $215,702                  $210,947             $4,755                     2.3              %
the overall increase in operating supplies and services was primarily due to increased contracted services and higher other operating supplies and services. these increases were mainly due to incremental costs attributable to the continued maturity of our enterprise resource planning system in conjunction with the implementation of phase i and phase ii of our business transformation project. additionally, contracted services increased due to the use of contractors for other specific projects. other increases in the other operating supplies and services costs are related to a $1.3 million increase in condemnation costs and a $1.2 million increase in conservation expense as well as the inclusion in 2012 of a $1.0 million reduction in anticipated insurance recovery of expenses incurred as a result of hurricane sandy and a $2.1 million credit adjustment resulting from the finalization of rate decisions in california and are offset by $1.6 million of insurance proceeds related to recovery of expenses related to hurricanes irene and sandy received in 2013. the decrease in office supplies and services is due to cost containment efforts primarily related to employee travel. transportation costs decreased due to the reduction of leased vehicles.
maintenance materials and services, which includes emergency repair as well as costs for preventive maintenance, decreased $15.2 million, or 18.8%, for 2013 compared to 2012.
for the years ended december 31,

2013                 2012                       increase                  percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
maintenance materials and supplies       $65,853               $81,062               $(15,209        )                 (18.8   %)
49
the decrease of $15.2 million in 2013 is mainly attributable to 2012 including increased preventive maintenance expenses throughout our regulated subsidiaries, including hydrant and tank painting, meter testing, pump, tank and well maintenance, and paving costs.
customer billing and accounting expenses increased by $3.4 million, or 6.8%, for 2013 compared to 2012.
for the years ended december 31,

2013                    2012                          increase                  percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
uncollectible accounts expense            $26,443                  $22,541             $3,902                    17.3             %
postage                                    12,757                   12,694             63                        0.5              %
other                                      13,425                   14,022                      (597    )                 (4.3   %)
total                                     $52,625                  $49,257             $3,368                    6.8              %
the increase in the uncollectible accounts expense was primarily due to an increase in our regulated businesses' customer accounts receivable attributable to rate increases and an increase in the overall aging of receivables due to our cis implementation.
other operation and maintenance expenses include casualty and liability insurance premiums and regulatory costs. these costs increased by $2.5 million, or 6.0%, for 2013 compared to 2012.
for the years ended december 31,

2013                   2012                         increase                   percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
insurance                     $35,406                 $31,883             $3,523                     11.0            %
regulatory expenses             8,987                   9,987                     (1,000   )                 (10.0   %)
total                         $44,393                 $41,870             $2,523                     6.0             %
insurance costs in 2013 were higher, compared to 2012, primarily due to higher casualty insurance costs as a result of historical claims experience and retroactive adjustments.
operating expenses. the increase in operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 is primarily due to the higher o&m expenses as explained above, as well as higher depreciation and amortization expense of $26.3 million and higher general tax expense of $12.4 million. the increase in depreciation and amortization is primarily due to additional utility plant placed in service, including $10.8 million of incremental expense resulting from the assets placed in service for our business transformation project. the increase in general tax expense is primarily due to higher property taxes in our new york subsidiary due to a full year of expense in 2013 on properties acquired in the second quarter of 2012 of $5.2 million, the inclusion of property tax adjustments that reduced expense for our indiana and missouri subsidiaries by $4.0 million in 2012, and higher 2013 gross receipts taxes in our new jersey subsidiary of $3.5 million.
market-based operations segment the following table provides certain financial information for our market-based operations segment for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,

2014                                                                           2013                         2012
(in thousands)
operating revenues                                      $354,679                     $302,541                     $307,366
operation and maintenance expense                              289,395                      240,610                      256,268
operating expenses, net                                        299,549                      252,302                      266,005
income from continuing operations before income taxes           57,539                       53,104                       44,948
comparison of results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013
operating revenues. the increase in revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013, is primarily attributable to incremental military service group revenues of $39.4 million mainly from an increase in construction project activities for our military contracts and an increase in our homeowners services group ("hos") revenues of approximately $16.2
50
million principally the result of contract growth, mainly though our new york city contracts, as well as expansion into other geographic areas and price increases for certain existing customers. partially offsetting these increases was a reduction of our contract operations group (conop) revenues attributable to the termination of certain municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts. additionally, included in the 2013 military service group revenues was $5.4 million in retroactive price redeterminations for several of our military contracts.
operation and maintenance. operation and maintenance expense increased $48.8 million, or 20.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
the following table provides information regarding categories of operation and maintenance expense for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,

2014                      2013                           increase                      percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
production costs                                $34,691                   $36,753             $(2,062           )                 (5.6   %)
employee-related costs                           62,201                    60,392                      1,809                       3.0    %
operating supplies and services                 138,531                    97,887                     40,644                      41.5    %
maintenance materials and supplies               47,324                    41,107                      6,217                      15.1    %
other                                             6,648                     4,471                      2,177                      48.7    %
total                                          $289,395                  $240,610             $48,785                             20.3    %
as noted in the table above, the primary factor contributing to the overall increase was an increase in operating supplies and services. this increase is mainly attributable to the increase in construction project activities under our military contracts and corresponds with the incremental revenues. another factor contributing to this increase was the inclusion in 2013 of the release of $3.8 million in loss contract reserves due to the resolution of certain outstanding issues and uncertainties. maintenance materials and supplies increased primarily due to higher hos repair costs, which is attributable to the increase in the number of contracts.
operating expense. the increase in operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 is primarily driven by the increase in operation and maintenance expense explained above.
comparison of results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012
operating revenues. revenues decreased $4.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to the same period in 2012, primarily due to lower revenues of $14.4 million resulting from the termination of certain municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts, most of which occurred in 2012. additionally, revenues from construction project activities associated with military construction contracts decreased $8.4 million, due to lower levels of work as compared to the prior year. these decreases were offset by a net increase of $4.0 million from price redeterminations for several of our military contracts as well as an increase of $16.6 million in our hos revenues associated with contract growth, most notably in new york city.
operation and maintenance. operation and maintenance expense decreased $15.7 million, or 6.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to the year ended december 31, 2012.
the following table provides information regarding categories of operation and maintenance expense for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,

2013                     2012                            increase                   percentage
(decrease)
(dollars in thousands)
production costs                               $36,753                    $42,153             $(5,400          )                 (12.8   %)
employee-related costs                          60,392                     64,711                     (4,319   )                  (6.7   %)
operating supplies and services                 97,887                    105,082                     (7,195   )                  (6.8   %)
maintenance materials and supplies              41,107                     36,135                     4,972              13.8            %
other                                            4,471                      8,188                     (3,717   )                 (45.4   %)
total                                         $240,610                   $256,269             $(15,659         )                  (6.1   %)
as noted in the table above, decreases in operating supplies and services, production costs and employee-related costs were partially offset by an increase in maintenance materials and supplies. the decrease in production costs and employee-related costs is mostly due to the termination of certain municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts. the decrease in operating
51
supplies and services is attributable to the release of $3.8 million in loss contract reserves due to the resolution of certain outstanding issues and uncertainties. additionally, 2013 was impacted by decreased construction project activity for our military contracts and is partially offset by increased hos contracted services expense as well as higher printing and postage costs associated with expanding into new markets, including new york city. the increase in maintenance materials and supplies is primarily due to higher hos repair costs, which is attributable to new contracts, an increase in the number of claims, as well as the average cost per claim and is partially offset by the terminated municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts. the decrease in the other category is mainly due to decreases in uncollectible accounts expense of $3.5 million, which is due to 2012 including incremental amounts related to terminated contracts in addition to improved collection experience in 2013 for certain other municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts.
operating expense. the decrease in operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 is primarily driven by the decrease in operation and maintenance expense, which is explained above.
liquidity and capital resources we regularly evaluate cash requirements for current operations, commitments, development activities and capital expenditures. our business is very capital intensive and requires significant capital resources. a majority of these capital resources are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations. when necessary, we obtain additional funds from external sources in the debt and equity capital markets and through bank borrowings. our access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on our credit ratings and current business conditions, including that of the water utility industry in general, as well as conditions in the debt or equity capital markets. if these business and market conditions deteriorate to the extent that we no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, we have access to an unsecured revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1.25 billion. we rely on this revolving credit facility and the capital markets to fulfill our short-term liquidity needs, to issue letters of credit and to support our commercial paper program. disruptions in the credit markets may discourage lenders from extending the terms of such commitments or agreeing to new commitments. market disruptions may also limit our ability to issue debt and equity securities in the capital markets. see "-credit facility and short-term debt." in order to meet our short-term liquidity needs, we, through awcc, our financing subsidiary, issue commercial paper, which is supported by the revolving credit facility. awcc had no outstanding borrowings and $38.0 million of outstanding letters of credit under its credit facility as of december 31, 2014. as of december 31, 2014, awcc had $1.25 billion available under the credit facility that we could use to fulfill our short-term liquidity needs, to issue letters of credit and support our $450.0 million outstanding commercial paper. we can provide no assurances that our lenders will meet their existing commitments or that we will be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all.
in addition, our regulated operating companies receive advances and contributions from customers, home builders and real estate developers to fund construction necessary to extend service to new areas. advances for construction are refundable for limited periods, which vary according to state regulations, as new customers begin to receive service or other contractual obligations are fulfilled. amounts which are no longer refundable are reclassified to contributions in aid of construction. utility plant funded by advances and contributions is excluded from the rate base. generally, we depreciate contributed property and amortize contributions in aid of construction at the composite rate of the related property. some of our subsidiaries do not depreciate contributed property, based on regulatory guidelines.
we use our capital resources, including cash, to (i) fund operating and capital requirements, including construction expenditures, (ii) pay off maturing debt, (iii) pay dividends, (iv) fund pension and postretirement welfare obligations and (v) invest in new and existing ventures. we spend a significant amount of cash on construction projects that we expect to have a long-term return on investment. additionally, we operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited, and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time, as our recovery is subject to regulatory lag. see "business-regulation-economic regulation." we expect to fund future maturities of long-term debt through a combination of external debt and to the extent available cash flows from operations. since we continue to make investments equal to or greater than our cash flows from operating activities, we have no plans to reduce debt significantly.
we believe that our ability to access the capital markets, our revolving credit facility and our cash flows from operations will generate sufficient cash to fund our short-term requirements. we fund liquidity needs for capital investment, working capital and other financial commitments through cash flows from operations, public and private debt offerings, commercial paper markets and to the extent necessary, our revolving credit facility. we believe we have sufficient liquidity and ability to manage our expenditures should there be a disruption of the capital and credit markets.
in addition, the company can delay major capital investments or other funding requirements or pursue financing from other sources to preserve liquidity, if necessary. the company believes it can rely upon cash flows from operations to meet its obligations and fund its minimum required capital investments for an extended period of time.
52
cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the sale of water and wastewater services and, due to the seasonality of demand, are generally greater during the third quarter of each fiscal year. our future cash flows from operating activities will be affected by, among other things, economic utility regulation; infrastructure investment; inflation; compliance with environmental, health and safety standards; production costs; customer growth; declining per customer usage of water; weather and seasonality; and overall economic conditions.
cash flows from operating activities have been a reliable, steady source of funding, sufficient to meet operating requirements, make our dividend payments and fund a portion of our capital expenditure requirements. we will seek access to debt and equity capital markets to meet the balance of our capital expenditure requirements as needed. there can be no assurance that we will be able to access such markets successfully on favorable terms or at all. operating cash flows can be negatively affected by changes in our rate regulated environments or changes in our customers' economic outlook and ability to pay for service in a timely manner. we can provide no assurance that our customers' historical payment pattern will continue in the future.
the following table provides a summary of the major items affecting our cash flows from operating activities for the periods indicated:
years ended december 31,

2014                                                                         2013                        2012
(in thousands)
net income                                                   $423,108                    $369,264                    $358,070
add (subtract):
non-cash activities (1)                                       722,871                     761,772                     688,126
changes in working capital (2)                                  3,503                    (137,374    )                 38,812
pension and postretirement healthcare contributions           (52,195    )                (97,500    )               (129,410   )
net cash flows provided by operations                      $1,097,287                    $896,162                    $955,598
(1)   includes depreciation and amortization, provision for deferred income taxes, amortization of deferred investment tax credits, provision for losses on accounts receivable, allowance for other funds used during construction, (gain) loss on asset dispositions and purchases, pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense, stock-based compensation expense and other non-cash items. details of each component can be found in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

(2)   changes in working capital include changes to receivables and unbilled revenues, taxes receivable (including income taxes), other current assets, accounts payable, taxes accrued (including income taxes), interest accrued, change in book overdraft and other current liabilities.

our working capital needs are primarily limited to funding the increase in our customer accounts receivable and unbilled revenues which is mainly associated with the revenue increase as a result of rate increases in our regulated businesses. we address the timing issue through the aforementioned liquidity funding mechanisms.
the increase in cash flows from operations for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 is principally due to the improvement in the cash collections of our regulated businesses' accounts receivable, some of which were unbilled at december 31, 2013. cash collections in 2013 for our regulated businesses' accounts receivable were slower than historical payment patterns, mainly due to the implementation of our cis system in may 2013. we believe the slowdown in collections is the result of the system implementation and therefore is temporary in nature. we implemented the cis system in our remaining regulated businesses in october 2013 and we have experienced a similar slowdown in cash collections for these operating companies in 2014.
the decrease in cash flows from operations for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 is principally due to changes in working capital, which is related to the aforementioned delays in billing and slower collections in our accounts receivable in our regulated businesses and the change in payables in 2013, as we were delayed in 2012 in executing payables at normal volumes due to the implementation of phase i of our business transformation project. partially offsetting these working capital decreases was a reduction in the pension and postretirement healthcare contributions in 2013.
the company expects to make pension and postretirement benefit contributions to the plan trusts of $54.5 million in 2015, of which $6.1 million was already made in 2015. in addition, we estimate that contributions will amount to $55.6 million in 2016, $52.7 million in 2017, $56.7 million in 2018 and $66.3 million in 2019. actual amounts contributed could change materially from these estimates as a result of changes in assumptions and actual investment returns.
53
cash flows from investing activities cash flows used in investing activities were as follows for the periods indicated:
years ended december 31,

2014                                                                 2013                        2012
(in thousands)
net capital expenditures                      $(956,119         )         $(980,252         )         $(928,574        )
proceeds from sale of assets and securities           13,841              918                                561,739
acquisitions                                          (8,935    )                 (23,658   )                (44,560   )
other investing activities, net (1)                   (62,776   )                 (50,302   )                29,039
net cash flows used in investing activities   $(1,013,989       )         $(1,053,294       )         $(382,356        )
(1)   includes removal costs from property, plant and equipment retirements, net and net funds released.

cash flows used in investing activities increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to an increase in our capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2014 principally as a result of incremental spending associated with the replacement of our transmission and distribution infrastructure.
our infrastructure investment plan consists of both infrastructure renewal programs, where we replace infrastructure as needed, and major capital investment projects, where we construct new water and wastewater treatment and delivery facilities to meet new customer growth and water quality regulations. our projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
while capital expenditures were $956.1 million, total capital investment amounted to $1.0 billion. the following table provides a summary of our historical capital expenditures related to upgrading our infrastructure and systems:
for the years ended december 31,

2014                                                       2013                         2012
(in thousands)
transmission and distribution             $462,706                     $435,449                     $343,640
treatment and pumping                       96,535                       89,278                      138,072
services, meter and fire hydrants          170,470                      178,412                      171,855
general structures and equipment           142,193                      131,446                      104,854
business transformation project              8,379                       59,746                      107,049
sources of supply                           30,916                       50,013                       44,602
wastewater                                  44,920                       35,908                       18,502
total capital expenditures                $956,119                     $980,252                     $928,574
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2014, decreased by $24.1 million or 2.5% compared to 2013, principally due to the completion of phase i and phase ii of our business transformation project.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2013, increased by $51.7 million or 5.6% compared to 2012, principally due to our continued replacement of transmission and distribution infrastructure, rehabilitation to storage facilities and dam rehabilitation and increased expenditures related to information systems, and vehicles. partially offsetting this increase was reduction in treatment and pumping expenditures due to the completion of certain water treatment plant projects in 2012 as well as a reduction in our business transformation expenses also due to completion of phase i of the project in 2012 and the implementation of a portion of phase ii in may 2013.
one avenue to seek growth is through tuck-ins, by helping commissions with troubled water systems as well as other acquisitions that are complementary to our existing business and support the continued geographical diversification and growth of our operations. generally, acquisitions are funded initially with short-term debt and later refinanced with the proceeds from long-term debt or equity offerings.
54
the following provides a summary of the acquisitions and dispositions affecting our cash flows from investing activities in the years indicated:
2014:
we paid approximately $8.9 million for 13 water and wastewater systems.
we received approximately $1.9 million for the sale of assets and securities.
2013:
we paid approximately $23.7 million for ten water and five wastewater system. these acquisitions added approximately 30,000 customers to our existing regulated footprint. the largest of these acquisitions was the acquisition of the stock of a wastewater system in virginia with approximately 20,000 customers in november 2013 for a purchase price of $5.1 million (net of cash acquired of $6.9 million) plus assumed liabilities.
we received approximately $0.9 million for the sale of assets and securities.
2012:
we paid approximately $44.6 million for numerous regulated water and wastewater systems in new york, pennsylvania, indiana, missouri and west virginia, with the largest associated with the acquisition of seven regulated water systems in new york in may 2012 for a purchase price of $36.7 million plus assumed liabilities.
we received approximately $561.7 million from the sale of our assets and securities, including $458.9 million associated with the sale of our arizona, new mexico and ohio regulated subsidiaries.
as previously noted, in 2015, we estimate that our total capital plan is $1.2 billion with approximately $1.1 billion allocated to upgrading our infrastructure and systems, including infrastructure renewal programs and construction of facilities to meet environmental requirements and new customer growth, and $0.1 billion for acquisitions and strategic investment purposes. for years in the foreseeable future beyond 2015, we estimate such investment will be between $1.1 and $1.2 billion per year.
we intend to invest capital prudently to provide essential services to our regulated customer base, while working with regulators in the various states in which we operate to have the opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment and a return of our investment.
our investing activities could require considerable capital resources which we have generated through operations and attained through financing activities. we can provide no assurances that these resources will be sufficient to meet our expected investment needs and may be required to delay or reevaluate our investment plans.
cash flows from financing activities our financing activities, primarily focused on funding construction expenditures, include the issuance of long-term and short-term debt, primarily through awcc. we intend to access capital markets on a regular basis, subject to market conditions. in addition, new infrastructure may be funded with customer advances and contributions for construction (net of refunds). this amounted to $26.3 million, $19.3 million and $31.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. as previously noted awcc is a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of the company. based on the needs of our regulated subsidiaries and the company, awcc borrows in the capital markets and then, through intercompany loans, provides those borrowings to the regulated subsidiaries and the company. the regulated subsidiaries and the company are obligated to pay their portion of the respective principal and interest to awcc in the amount necessary to enable awcc to meet its debt service obligations. because the company's borrowings are not a source of capital for the regulated subsidiaries, the company is not able to recover the interest charges on the company's debt through regulated water and wastewater rates. as of december 31, 2014, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to our regulated businesses amounting to $3.0 billion and $319.2 million, respectively. additionally, as of december 31, 2014, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to the company totaling $979.9 million and $130.8 million to the company, respectively.
on may 4, 2012, we and awcc filed a universal shelf registration statement that enabled us to offer and sell from time to time various types of securities, including common stock, preferred stock and debt securities, all subject to market demand and ratings status. during 2014, 2013 and 2012, $500 million, $400 million and $300 million, respectively, of debt securities were issued pursuant to this registration statement.
55
the following long-term debt was issued in 2014:
company                                       type                                   rate       maturity       amount

awcc (1)                 senior notes-fixed rate                                        3.40%-4.30%   2025-2042        $500,000
other subsidiaries (2)   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   0.00%-5.00%   2031-2033          10,474
total issuances                                                                                                        $510,474
(1)   on august 14, 2014, awcc closed on senior fixed rate notes. proceeds from this issuance were used to refinance commercial paper borrowings and to finance redemptions of long-term debt.

(2)   proceeds from the above issuance were received in 2014 and have been utilized to fund certain specific projects. $10.0 million of these proceeds are held in trust pending our certification that we have incurred qualifying capital expenditures. these issuances have been presented as non-cash on the consolidated statements of cash flows. subsequent releases of all or a lesser portion of the funds by the trust are reflected as the release of restricted funds and are included in the investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

in addition to the above issuances, we also assumed $1.7 million of debt as a result of acquisitions in 2014.
the following long-term debt was retired through optional redemption or payment at maturity during 2014:
company                                 type                         rate             maturity       amount

awcc                                private activity bonds and government      6.00%-6.75%        2018-2032        $101,085
funded debt-fixed rate awcc                                senior notes-fixed rate                          6.00%   2039                    59,561
other subsidiaries (1)              private activity bonds and government      0.00%-5.25%        2014-2041          78,718
funded debt-fixed rate other subsidiaries                  mandatorily redeemable preferred stock     8.49%-9.18%        2031-2036           1,650
other subsidiaries                  capital lease payments                                                               28
total retirements and redemptions                                                                                  $241,042
(1)   includes $1.0 million of non-cash redemptions resulting from the use of restricted funds.

the following long-term debt was issued in 2013:
company                          type                    interest rate           maturity             amount
(in thousands)

awcc (1)                 senior notes-fixed rate                            3.85%   2024                        $400,000
awcc (2)                 private activity bonds and                   2.30%-2.90%          2021-2030               8,122
government funded debt-fixed rate other subsidiaries (3)   private activity bonds and                   1.59%-2.41%          2031-2033               2,737
government funded debt-fixed rate total issuances                                                                                                 $410,859
(1)   on november 20, 2013, awcc closed on 3.85% senior fixed rate notes offering. proceeds from the offering were used to refinance commercial paper borrowings.

(2)   proceeds from the above issuance were received in the fourth quarter of 2013 and have been utilized to fund certain specific projects. $6.7 million of these proceeds are held in trust pending our certification that we have incurred qualifying capital expenditures. these issuances have been presented as non-cash on the consolidated statements of cash flows. subsequent releases of all or a lesser portion of the funds by the trust are reflected as the release of restricted funds and are included in the investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

(3)   proceeds from the above issuances were received from pennsylvania infrastructure investment authority ("pennvest") and have been used to fund certain projects.

in addition to the above issuances, we also assumed $12.7 million of debt as a result of acquisitions in 2013, of which $12.5 million is the result of our dale service corporation stock acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2013.
56
the following long-term debt was retired through optional redemption or payment at maturity during 2013:
company                                 type                       interest rate           maturity             amount
(in thousands)

awcc (1)                              senior notes-fixed rate                         5.39%-10.00%          2013-2017            $476,638
other subsidiaries (2)                private activity bonds and                      0.00% -5.50%          2013-2041              17,663
government funded debt-fixed rate other subsidiaries                    mortgage bonds-fixed rate                              6.59%   2013                           2,000
other subsidiaries                    mandatory redeemable preferred stock             8.49%-9.18%          2031-2036               1,650
other                                 capital leases &amp; other                                                                      359
total retirements &amp; redemptions                                                                                              $498,310
(1)   on october 8, 2013, we announced the purchase and retirement through a tender offer of $225.8 million in aggregate outstanding principal amount of our 6.08% senior notes due 2017. on october 8, 2013, we paid $271.8 million to effect the tender, which, in addition to the principal, included a repurchase premium of $39.4 million and accrued interest of $6.6 million. also, in october 2013 and related to the tender, we recorded transaction fees of $0.7 million and a write-off of $0.5 million for unamortized debt issuance costs. the redemption was originally financed through commercial paper borrowing.

(2)   includes a $3.6 million of non-cash redemptions resulting from the use of restricted funds.

on november 1, 2013, we issued notices of redemption for $74.8 million and $75.0 million of outstanding senior notes with an original maturity date of 2038 and interest rates of 8.25% and 10.0%, respectively. these notes were retired on december 1, 2013.
also on december 21, 2013, an additional $101.0 million with an interest rate of 5.39% in senior notes matured.
the following long-term debt was issued in 2012:
company                          type                    interest rate           maturity             amount
(in thousands)

awcc (1)                 senior notes-fixed rate                            4.30%               2042            $300,000
other subsidiaries (2)   private activity bonds and                   0.00%-5.00%          2025-2041              68,746
government funded debt-fixed rate other subsidiaries (3)   private activity bonds and                   1.00%-2.76%          2025-2041              14,730
government funded debt-fixed rate other subsidiaries       mortgage bonds-fixed rate                          4.29%               2022                 700
total issuances                                                                                                 $384,176
(1)   the net proceeds from this issuance were used to finance certain redemptions of long-term debt and to fund the repayment of short-term debt.

(2)   proceeds from these issuances were received from new jersey environmental infrastructure trust and will be used to fund certain specific projects. the proceeds are held in trust pending our certification that we have incurred qualifying expenditures. these issuances have been presented as non-cash on the consolidated statements of cash flows. subsequent releases of all or a lesser portion of the funds by the trust are reflected as the release of restricted funds and are included in investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

(3)   proceeds from these issuances were received from the pennsylvania infrastructure investment authority and have been used to fund specified projects.

also, in the second quarter of 2012, and in connection with the acquisition of our additional subsidiaries in new york, we assumed debt of $25.2 million with coupon rates of 5.00% to 6.00% and maturity dates ranging from 2015 to 2035. in september 2012, we redeemed $10.9 million of these outstanding bonds with original maturity dates of 2031 to 2035 and interest rates ranging from 5.00% to 6.00%.
57
the following long-term debt was retired through optional redemption or payment at maturity during 2012:
company                              type                   interest rate           maturity             amount
(in thousands)

awcc                                  senior notes-fixed rate                         8.25%               2038                 $10
other subsidiaries                    private activity bonds and                0.00%-9.60%          2012-2041             447,325
government funded debt-fixed rate other subsidiaries                    mortgage bonds-fixed rate                 6.85%-7.95%               2012              24,200
other subsidiaries                    mandatory redeemable preferred            4.60%-9.18%          2013-2036               1,549
stock other                                 capital leases &amp; other                                                               419
total retirements &amp; redemptions                                                                                       $473,503
included in the long-term debt redemptions/retirements is $4.2 million related to our previously held ohio subsidiary, which was classified in discontinued operations prior to its divestiture.
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, we may engage in long-term debt retirements via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable alternatives to strengthen our balance sheets.
in february 2015, our board of directors authorized a common stock repurchase program for the specific purpose of providing a vehicle to minimize share dilution that occurs through its dividend reinvestment, employee stock purchase and executive compensation programs. this program will allow the company to purchase up to 10 million shares of its outstanding common stock over an unrestricted period of time to manage dilution. under the program, the company may repurchase its common stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. the program will be conducted in accordance with rule 10b-18 of the exchange act, as amended, and to facilitate the purchases, the company has also entered into with a broker a rule 10b5-1 share repurchase plan. by having the program administered through a rule 10b5-1 plan, the company will be able to repurchase its shares at times when it otherwise might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. subject to applicable regulations, the company may elect to amend or cancel the program or the rule 10b5-1 parameters at its discretion.
credit facility and short-term debt the short-term debt balance, consisting of commercial paper, net of discount, amounted to $450.0 million and $630.3 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
awcc has entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility with $1.25 billion in aggregate total commitments from a diversified group of 14 banks with $70.0 million maturing on october 2017 and the remainder, $1.18 billion, maturing on october 2018. interest rates on advances under the facility are based on a credit spread to the eurodollar rate or base rate with the credit spread of 1.00% through june 2012 and then based on the higher of awcc's moody's investors service, which we refer to as moody's, or standard & poor's ratings services ratings, which we refer to as s&p, credit rating. at current ratings that spread would be 1.00%. the facility will be principally used to support awcc's commercial paper program and to provide up to $150.0 million in letters of credit.
we closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associated with this credit facility. in accordance with the credit agreement, no financial institution can have more than $250.0 million of the aggregate commitment through the facility expiration date. if any lender defaults in its obligation to fund advances, the company may request the other lenders to assume the defaulting lender's commitment or replace such defaulting lender by designating an assignee willing to assume the commitment. however, the remaining lenders have no obligation to assume a defaulting lender's commitment and we can provide no assurances that we will be able to replace a defaulting lender.
58
the following table provides information as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, regarding the respective credit facility in effect at the time, letters of credit sub-limits and available funds under those revolving credit facilities, as well as outstanding amounts of commercial paper and outstanding borrowings under the respective facilities:
credit facility                   available                        letter of credit                     available                          outstanding                       credit line commitment                  credit facility                         sublimit                      letter of credit                       commercial                        borrowings capacity                                                              capacity                             paper
(net of discount)

(in thousands)
december 31, 2014   $1,250,000                           $1,212,104                          $150,000                              $112,104                        $449,959                           $-
december 31, 2013   $1,250,000                           $1,208,215                          $150,000                              $108,215                        $630,307                           $-
awcc had no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility and $36.5 million of outstanding letters of credit under this credit facility as of february 19, 2015. also, as of february 19, 2015, awcc had $502.9 million of commercial paper outstanding.
the weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 was approximately 0.31% and 0.43%, respectively.
capital structure the following table indicates the percentage of our capitalization represented by the components of our capital structure as of december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
at                        at                        at

december 31,              december 31,              december 31,
2014                                                                                      2013                      2012
total common stockholders' equity                                                45   %                    45   %                    44   %
long-term debt and redeemable preferred stock at redemption value                50   %                    49   %                    52   %
short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt                             5   %                     6   %                     4   %
100   %                   100   %                   100   %
the changes in the capital structure between periods were mainly attributable to changes in outstanding commercial paper balances.
debt covenants our debt agreements contain financial and non-financial covenants. to the extent that we are not in compliance, we or our subsidiaries may be restricted in our ability to pay dividends, issue new debt or access our revolving credit facility. for two of our smaller operating companies, we have informed our counterparties that we will provide only unaudited financial information at the subsidiary level, which resulted in technical non-compliance with certain of their reporting requirements. we do not believe this change will materially impact us. our failure to comply with restrictive covenants under our credit facility could accelerate repayment obligations. our long-term debt indentures contain a number of covenants that, among other things, limit the company from issuing debt secured by the company's assets, subject to certain exceptions.
certain long-term notes and the revolving credit facility require us to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization (as defined in the relevant documents) of not more than 0.70 to 1.00. on december 31, 2014, our ratio was 0.55 to 1.00 and therefore we were in compliance with the covenant.
security ratings our access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and respective financing costs in those markets, is directly affected by securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets. we primarily access the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, through awcc. however, we also issue debt at our regulated subsidiaries, primarily in the form of tax exempt securities or borrowings under state revolving funds, to lower our overall cost of debt.
on june 2, 2014, standard & poor's rating service revised its rating outlook to positive from stable and affirmed its corporate credit rating of a- on awcc and american water and of a2 on awcc's short term rating. on may 29, 2013, moody's upgraded its rating outlook for both american water and awcc from baa2 to baa1 and revised its rating outlook to stable.
59
the following table shows the company's securities ratings as of december 31, 2014:
securities         moody's investors     standard &amp; poor's service             ratings service

senior unsecured debt              baa1                    a-
commercial paper                   p2                      a2
a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. security ratings are highly dependent upon our ability to generate cash flows in an amount sufficient to service our debt and meet our investment plans. we can provide no assurances that our ability to generate cash flows is sufficient to maintain our existing ratings. none of our borrowings are subject to default or prepayment as a result of the downgrading of these security ratings, although such a downgrading could increase fees and interest charges under our credit facility.
as part of the normal course of business, we routinely enter into contracts for the purchase and sale of water, energy, chemicals and other services. these contracts either contain express provisions or otherwise permit us and our counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contract law, if we are downgraded by a credit rating agency, especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include a demand that we provide collateral to secure our obligations. we do not expect to post any collateral which will have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
dividends our board of directors has adopted a dividend practice to distribute to our stockholders a portion of our net cash provided by operating activities as regular quarterly dividends, rather than retaining that cash for other purposes. we expect that dividends will be paid quarterly to holders of record approximately 15 days prior to the distribution date. since the dividends on our common stock will not be cumulative, only declared dividends will be paid.
during 2014, 2013 and 2012, we paid $216.4 million, $149.5 million and $213.5 million in dividends, respectively. for 2014, we paid a dividend of $0.28 per share on march 3 and $0.31 per share on june 2, september 2 and december 1. in 2013, we paid a dividend of $0.28 per share on december 2, september 3 and june 3.
for 2012, we paid a dividend of $0.25 per share on december 28, december 3 and september 3 and $0.23 per share on june 1 and march 1. the december 28, 2012 cash dividend payment of $0.25 per share would have historically been paid in march 2013, however, the board approved accelerating the payment date to 2012 to take advantage of the existing 2012 tax rates.
on december 12, 2014, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.31 per share payable on march 2, 2015 to shareholders of record as of february 9, 2015.
regulatory restrictions the issuance by the company or awcc of long-term debt or equity securities does not require authorization of any state puc if no guarantee or pledge of the regulated subsidiaries is utilized. however, state puc authorization is required to issue long-term debt or equity securities at most of our regulated subsidiaries. our regulated subsidiaries normally obtain the required approvals on a periodic basis to cover their anticipated financing needs for a period of time or in connection with a specific financing.
under applicable law, our subsidiaries can pay dividends only from retained, undistributed or current earnings. a significant loss recorded at a subsidiary may limit the dividends that the subsidiary can distribute to us.
insurance coverage we carry various property, casualty and financial insurance policies with limits, deductibles and exclusions that we believe are consistent with industry standards. however, insurance coverage may not be adequate or available to cover unanticipated losses or claims. additionally, annual policy renewals can be impacted by claims experience which in turn can impact coverage terms and conditions on a going forward basis. we are self-insured to the extent that losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. such losses could have a material adverse effect on our short-term and long-term financial condition and our results of operations and cash flows.
60
contractual obligations and commitments we enter into obligations with t hird parties in the ordinary course of business. these financial obligations, as of december 31, 2014, are set forth in the table below:
contractual obligation                    total                 less than 1 year             1-3 years               3-5 years                more than
5 years

(in thousands)
long-term debt obligations (a)                         $5,456,502                     $59,446                $622,736                $617,175                $4,157,145
interest on long-term debt (b)                          4,261,744                     303,956                 597,636                 492,976                 2,867,176
capital lease obligations (c)                                 885                          36                      92                     115                       642
interest on capital lease obligations (d)                     832                         116                     201                     182                       333
operating lease obligations (e)                           136,712                      14,007                  22,868                  18,220                    81,617
purchase water obligations (f)                            677,590                      55,141                  95,111                  86,132                   441,206
other purchase obligations (g)                            126,037                     126,037                       -                       -                         -
postretirement benefit plans' obligations (h)             109,800                      26,500                  45,700                  37,600                         -
pension plan obligations (h)                              234,200                      28,000                  62,600                  85,400                    58,200
preferred stocks with mandatory redemption                 17,252                       1,650                   3,300                   3,478                     8,824
requirements interest on preferred stock with mandatory                 12,606                       1,407                   2,386                   1,802                     7,011
redemption requirements other obligations (i)                                     814,020                     184,032                 144,963                  61,651                   423,374
total                                                 $11,848,180                    $800,328              $1,597,593              $1,404,731                $8,045,528
note: the above table reflects only financial obligations and commitments. therefore, performance obligations associated with our market-based operations are not included in the above amounts.
(a)   represents sinking fund obligations and debt maturities.

(b)   represents expected interest payments on outstanding long-term debt. amounts reported may differ from actual due to future financing of debt.

(c)   represents future minimum payments under noncancelable capital leases.

(d)   represents expected interest payments on noncancelable capital leases.

(e)   represents future minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases, primarily for the lease of motor vehicles, buildings, land and other equipment including water facilities and systems constructed by partners under the public-private partnerships described below.

(f)   represents future payments under water purchase agreements for minimum quantities of water.

(g)   represents the open purchase orders as of december 31, 2014, for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business.

(h)   represents contributions expected to be made to pension and postretirement benefit plans for the years 2015 through 2020.

(i)   includes an estimate of advances for construction to be refunded, capital expenditures estimated to be required under legal and binding contractual obligations, contracts entered into for energy purchases, a liability associated with a conservation agreement and service agreements.

public-private partnerships west virginia-american water company, which we refer to as wvawc, has entered into a series of agreements with various public entities, which we refer to as the partners, to establish certain joint ventures, commonly referred to as "public-private partnerships." under the public-private partnerships, wvawc constructed utility plant, financed by wvawc, and the partners constructed utility plant (connected to wvawc's property), financed by the partners. wvawc agreed to transfer and convey some of its real and personal property to the partners in exchange for an equal principal amount of industrial development bonds, commonly referred to as idbs, issued by the partners under a state industrial development bond and commercial development act. wvawc leased back the total facilities, including portions funded by both wvawc and the partners, under leases for a period of 40 years.
wvawc leased back the transferred facilities under capital leases for a period of 40 years. the leases have payments that approximate the payments required by the terms of the idbs. we have presented the transaction on a net basis in the consolidated financial statements. the carrying value of the transferred facilities, which is presented within utility plant, was approximately $156.8 million at december 31, 2014.
61
performance obligations we have entered into agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities for the united states military, municipalities and other customers. these military services agreements expire between 2051 and 2064 and have remaining performance commitments as measured by estimated remaining contract revenues of $2.5 billion at december 31, 2014. the operations and maintenance agreements with municipalities and other customers expire between 2015 and 2048 and have remaining performance commitments as measured by estimated remaining contract revenue of $865.8 million at december 31, 2014. some of the company's long-term contracts to operate and maintain a municipality's, federal government's or other party's water or wastewater treatment and delivery facilities include responsibility for certain major maintenance for some of the facilities, in exchange for an annual fee.
critical accounting policies and estimates the application of critical accounting policies is particularly important to our financial condition and results of operations and provides a framework for management to make significant estimates, assumptions and other judgments. although our management believes that these estimates, assumptions and other judgments are appropriate, they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. accordingly, changes in the estimates, assumptions and other judgments applied to these accounting policies could have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations as reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are impacted by the methods, assumptions and estimates used in the application of critical accounting policies. management believes that the areas described below require significant judgment in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions in matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. our management has reviewed these critical accounting policies, and the estimates and assumptions regarding them, with our audit committee. in addition, our management has also reviewed the following disclosures regarding the application of these critical accounting policies with the audit committee.
regulatory accounting our regulated utility subsidiaries are subject to regulation by state pucs and the local governments of the states in which they operate. as such, we account for these regulated operations in accordance with authoritative guidance that requires us to reflect the effects of rate regulation in our financial statements. use of the authoritative guidance is applicable to utility operations that meet the following criteria (1) third-party regulation of rates; (2) cost-based rates; and (3) a reasonable assumption that all costs will be recoverable from customers through rates. as of december 31, 2014, we concluded that the operations of our regulated subsidiaries meet the criteria. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of the business no longer meets the criteria, we are required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of the business, which would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. failure to meet the criteria of the authoritative guidance could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
regulatory assets represent costs that have been deferred to future periods when it is probable that the regulator will allow for recovery through rates charged to customers. regulatory liabilities represent revenues received from customers to fund expected costs that have not yet been incurred. as of december 31, 2014, we have recorded $1.2 billion of net regulatory assets and $391.8 million of regulatory liabilities within our consolidated financial statements. see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the significant regulatory assets and liabilities.
for each regulatory jurisdiction where we conduct business, we continually assess whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement. this assessment includes consideration of factors such as changes in applicable regulatory environments, recent rate orders to other regulated entities in the same jurisdiction, the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation and the ability to recover costs through regulated rates. if subsequent events indicate that the regulatory assets or liabilities no longer meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement, our statement of operations and financial position could be materially affected.
goodwill the company has recorded $1.2 billion of goodwill at december 31, 2014 and 2013. the company's annual impairment test is performed as of november 30 of each year, in conjunction with the timing of the completion of the company's annual strategic business plan. the company also undertakes interim reviews when the company determines that a triggering event that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value has occurred.
the company performs a two-step impairment test to evaluate the carrying value of goodwill for each reporting unit if qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the reporting units' fair values are less than their carrying values. the
62
step one calculation used to identify potential impairment compares the estimated fair value for each of the company's reporting units to their respective net carrying values, including goodwill, on the measurement date. if the estimated fair value of any reporting unit is less than such reporting unit's carrying value, then step two is performed to measure the amount of the impairment loss (if any) for such reporting unit.
the step two calculation of the impairment test compares, by reporting unit, the implied fair value of the goodwill to the carrying value of goodwill. the implied fair value of goodwill is equal to the excess of the fair value of each reporting unit above the fair value of such reporting unit's identified assets and liabilities. if the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill for any reporting unit, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess (not to exceed the carrying value of goodwill) for that reporting unit.
the determination of the fair value of each reporting unit and the fair value of each reporting unit's assets and liabilities is performed as of the measurement date using observable market data before and after the measurement date (if that subsequent information is relevant to the fair value on the measurement date).
after assessing various events and circumstances in 2014, 2013 and 2012, the company determined that no qualitative factors were present that would indicate the estimated fair values of its reporting units were less than the respective carrying values. as such, the company determined that the two-step goodwill impairment test was not necessary at november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
there can be no assurances that the company will not be required to recognize an impairment of goodwill in the future due to market conditions or other factors related to the company's performance. these market events could include a decline over a period of time of the company's stock price, a decline over a period of time in valuation multiples of comparable water utilities, the lack of an increase in the company's market price consistent with its peer companies, or decreases in control premiums. a decline in the forecasted results in our business plan, such as changes in rate case results or capital investment budgets or changes in our interest rates, could also result in an impairment charge.
no impairment charge was recorded for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
impairment of long-lived assets long-lived assets include land, buildings, equipment and long-term investments. long-lived assets, other than investments and land are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, and are reviewed for impairment whenever changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. such circumstances would include items such as a significant decrease in the market value of a long-lived asset, a significant adverse change in the manner in which the asset is being used or planned to be used or in its physical condition, or a history of operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of the asset. in addition, changes in the expected useful life of these long-lived assets may also be an impairment indicator. when such events or changes occur, we estimate the fair value of the asset from future cash flows expected to result from the use and, if applicable, the eventual disposition of the assets, and compare that to the carrying value of the asset. if the carrying value is greater than the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value. the key variables that must be estimated include assumptions regarding sales volume, rates, operating costs, labor and other benefit costs, capital additions, assumed discount rates and other economic factors. these variables require significant management judgment and include inherent uncertainties since they are forecasting future events. a variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the realizability of an asset and, thus, could have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements.
the long-lived assets of the regulated utility subsidiaries are grouped on a separate entity basis for impairment testing as they are integrated state-wide operations that do not have the option to curtail service and generally have uniform tariffs. a regulatory asset is charged to earnings if and when future recovery in rates of that asset is no longer probable.
the fair values of long-term investments are dependent on the financial performance and solvency of the entities in which we invest, as well as volatility inherent in the external markets. in assessing potential impairment for these investments, we consider these factors. if such assets are considered impaired, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value.
revenue recognition revenues of the regulated utility subsidiaries are recognized as water and wastewater services are delivered to customers and include amounts billed to customers on a cycle basis and unbilled amounts based on estimated usage from the date of the meter reading associated with the latest customer invoice to the end of the accounting period. unbilled utility revenues as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 were $220.5 million and $215.7 million, respectively. increases in volumes delivered to the utilities' customers and
63
rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date would also have an effect on the estimated unbilled revenue; however, since the majority of our customers are generally billed on a monthly basis, total operating revenues would remain materially unchanged.
revenue from market-based operations is recognized as services are rendered. revenues from certain construction projects are recognized over the contract term based on the costs incurred to date during the period compared to the total estimated costs over the entire contract. losses on contracts are recognized during the period in which the loss first becomes probable and estimable. revenues recognized during the period in excess of billings on construction contracts are recorded as unbilled revenue. billings in excess of revenues recognized on construction contracts are recorded as other current liabilities on the balance sheet until the recognition criteria are met. changes in contract performance and related estimated contract profitability may result in revisions to costs and revenues and are recognized in the period in which revisions are determined.
accounting for income taxes significant management judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances and the utilization of nol carryforwards.
in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance, we account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach, including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax position will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefit to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements.
we evaluate the probability of realizing deferred tax assets quarterly by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and our intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. we also assess our ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. we record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when we conclude it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, our forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. while we believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance, the ultimate outcome of tax matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. see note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding income taxes.
accounting for pension and postretirement benefits we maintain noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees of our regulated utility and shared service operations. benefits under the plans are based on the employee's years of service and compensation. the pension plans have been closed for all employees.  the pension plans were closed for most employees hired on or after january 1, 2006. union employees hired on or after january 1, 2001 had their accrued benefit frozen and will be able to receive this benefit as a lump sum upon termination or retirement. union employees hired on or after january 1, 2001 and non-union employees hired on or after january 1, 2006 are provided with a 5.25% of base pay defined contribution plan. we also maintain other postretirement benefit plans, which provide varying levels of medical and life insurance for eligible retirees. these retiree welfare plans are closed for union employees hired on or after january 1, 2006. the plans had previously closed for non-union employees hired on or after january 1, 2002. the company also has several unfunded noncontributory supplemental non-qualified pension plans that provide additional retirement benefits to certain employees. the company does not participate in a multiemployer plan. see note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plans. the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs are developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions provided by the company to its actuaries, including the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. material changes in the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions as well as fluctuations in plan assets. the assumptions are selected to represent the average expected experience
64
over time and may differ in any one year from actual experience due to changes in capital markets and the overall economy. these differences will impact the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense that the company recognizes. the primary assumptions are:
·   discount rate-the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which are based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future. the objective in selecting the discount rate is to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the accumulated benefits when due;

·   expected return on plan assets ("eroa")-management projects the future return on plan assets considering prior performance, but primarily based upon the plans' mix of assets and expectations for the long-term returns on those asset classes. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs we record currently;

·   rate of compensation increase-management projects employees' pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement;

·   health care cost trend rate-management projects the expected increases in the cost of health care; and

·   mortality-in the determination of year end 2014 projected benefit obligations, management adopted a new table based on the society of actuaries rp 2014 mortality table including a generational bb-2d projection scale. the adoption resulted in a significant increase to pension and other postretirement benefit plans' projected benefit obligations.

the discount rate assumption, which is determined for the pension and postretirement benefit plans independently, is subject to change each year, consistent with changes in applicable high-quality, long-term corporate bond indices. we use an approach that approximates the process of settlement of obligations tailored to the plans' expected cash flows by matching the plans' cash flows to the coupons and expected maturity values of individually selected bonds. the yield curve was developed for a portfolio containing the majority of united states-issued aa-graded non-callable (or callable with make-whole provisions) corporate bonds. for each plan, the discount rate was developed as the level equivalent rate that would yield the same present value as using spot rates aligned with the projected benefit payments. the discount rate for determining pension benefit obligations was 4.24%, 5.12% and 4.17% at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the discount rate for determining other post-retirement benefit obligations was 4.24%, 5.10% and 4.16% at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
in selecting an expected return on plan assets, we considered tax implications, past performance and economic forecasts for the types of investments held by the plans. the long-term eroa assumption used in calculating pension cost was 6.91% for 2014, 7.49% for 2013, and 7.75% for 2012. the weighted average eroa assumption used in calculating other postretirement benefit costs was 5.87% for 2014, 6.99% for 2013 and 7.41% for 2012.
the asset allocations for the company's u.s. pension plan at december 31, 2014 and 2013, by asset category, are as follows:
target                     percentage of plan assets allocation                        at december 31,

asset category                            2015                    2014                     2013
equity securities                                        52   %                51      %                   64   %
fixed income                                             40   %                41      %                   35   %
real estate                                               6   %                 6      %                    -
real estate investment trusts ("reits")                   2   %                 2      %                    1
total                                                   100   %               100      %                  100   %
the investment policy guidelines of the pension plan require that the fixed income portfolio has an overall weighted average credit rating of aa or better by standard & poor's and the minimum credit quality for fixed income securities must be bbb- or better. up to 20% of the portfolio may be invested in collateralized mortgage obligations backed by the united states government.
65
the company's other postretirement benefit plans are partially funded. the asset allocations for the company's other postretirement benefit plans at december 31, 2014 and 2013, by asset category, are as follows:
target                     percentage of plan assets allocation                        at december 31,

asset category      2015                    2014                     2013
equity securities                  30   %                30      %                   48   %
fixed income                       70   %                70      %                   52   %
reits                               -                     -                           -   %
total                             100   %               100      %                  100   %
the company's investment policy, and related target asset allocation, is evaluated periodically through asset liability studies. the studies consider projected cash flows of maturity liabilities, projected asset class return risk, and correlation and risk tolerance.
the pension and postretirement welfare plan trusts investments include debt and equity securities held either directly or through commingled funds. the trustee for the company's defined benefit pension and postretirement welfare plans uses independent valuation firms to calculate the fair value of plan assets. additionally, the company independently verifies the assets values. approximately 48.4% of the assets are valued using the quoted market price for the assets in an active market at the measurement date, while 51.6% of the assets are valued using other inputs.
in selecting a rate of compensation increase, we consider past experience in light of movements in inflation rates. our rate of compensation increase was 3.12% for 2014, 3.15% for 2013 and 3.19% for 2012.
in selecting health care cost trend rates, we consider past performance and forecasts of increases in health care costs. our health care cost trend rate used to calculate the periodic cost was 7.00% in 2014 gradually declining to 5.00% in 2019 and thereafter.
assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the other postretirement benefit plans. the health care cost trend rate is based on historical rates and expected market conditions. a one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects:
change in actuarial assumption              impact on other                   impact on 2014
postretirement                   total service benefit obligation at                     and december 31, 2014                  interest cost components

(in thousands)
increase assumed health care cost trend by 1%   $105,967                            $5,943
decrease assumed health care cost trend by 1%   $(86,179                  )         $(4,887             )
we will use a discount rate and eroa of 4.24% and 6.91%, respectively, for estimating our 2015 pension costs. additionally, we will use a discount rate and eroa of 4.24% and 5.87%, respectively, for estimating our 2015 other postretirement benefit costs. a decrease in the discount rate or the eroa would increase our pension expense. our 2014 and 2013 pension and postretirement costs, including such expenses charged to our discontinued operations, were $24.1 million and $78.1 million, respectively. the company expects to make pension and postretirement benefit contributions to the plan trusts of $54.5 million, $55.6 million, $52.7 million, $56.7 million and $66.3 million in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change significantly from these estimates. the assumptions are reviewed annually and at any interim re-measurement of the plan obligations. the impact of assumption changes is reflected in the recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts as they occur, or over a period of time if allowed under applicable accounting standards. as these assumptions change from period to period, recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts and funding requirements could also change.
new accounting standards the following recently issued accounting standards have been adopted by the company and have been included in the consolidated results of operations, financial position or footnotes of the accompanying consolidated financial statements:
obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements in february 2013, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued guidance for the recognition, measurement and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting date. examples of obligations within the scope of the updated guidance include debt arrangements, other contractual
66
obligations and settled litigation and judicial rulings. the update requires an entity to measure obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting date as the sum of the following: (a) the amount the reporting entity agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement among its co-obligors and (b) any additional amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors. the updated guidance also includes additional disclosures regarding the nature and amount of the obligation, as well as other information about those obligations. the update was effective on a retrospective basis for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2013, which for the company was january 1, 2014. the adoption of this updated guidance did not have an impact on the company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
foreign currency matters in june 2013, the fasb issued guidance for a parent's accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment upon derecognition of certain subsidiaries or groups of assets within a foreign entity or of an investment in a foreign entity. the amendments resolve differing views in practice and apply to the release of the cumulative translation adjustment into net income when a parent either sells a part or all of its investment in a foreign entity or no longer holds a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or a business within a foreign entity. the update was effective prospectively for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2013, which for the company was january 1, 2014. the adoption of this updated guidance did not have an impact on the company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
the following recently issued accounting standards are not yet required to be adopted by the company:
service concession arrangements in january 2014, the fasb issued guidance for an operating entity that enters into a service concession arrangement with a public sector grantor who controls or has the ability to modify or approve the services that the operating entity must provide with the infrastructure, to whom it must provide the services and at what price. the grantor also controls, through ownership or otherwise, any residual interest in the infrastructure at the end of the term of the arrangement. the guidance specifies that an operating entity should not account for the service concession arrangement as a lease. the operating entity should refer instead to other accounting guidance to account for the various aspects of the arrangement. the guidance also specifies that the infrastructure used in the arrangement should not be recognized as property, plant and equipment of the operating entity. this update should be applied on a modified retrospective basis to service concession arrangements that exist at the beginning of an entity's fiscal year of adoption. this requires the cumulative effect of applying the update to be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance for the annual period of adoption. the update is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2014, which for the company is january 1, 2015. the adoption of this updated guidance resulted in a decrease to nonutility property and opening retained earnings of approximately $12 million on january 1, 2015.
reporting discontinued operations in april 2014, the fasb issued guidance that changes the criteria for determining which disposals can be presented as discontinued operations and modifies related disclosure requirements. under the updated guidance, a discontinued operation is defined as a component or group of components that is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results. a strategic shift could include a disposal of a major geographical area of operations, a major line of business, a major equity method investment or other major part of the entity. a component comprises operations and cash flows that can be clearly distinguished, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the entity including a reportable segment, an operating segment, a reporting unit, a subsidiary or an asset group. the update no longer precludes presentation as a discontinued operation if there are operations and cash flows of the component that have not been eliminated from the reporting entity's ongoing operations or if there is significant continuing involvement with a component after its disposal. the updated guidance is effective on a prospective basis for interim and annual periods on or after december 15, 2014, which for the company is january 1, 2015. in general, this guidance is likely to result in fewer disposals of assets qualifying as discontinued operations, but will ultimately be based on the company's future disposal activity.
revenue from contracts with customers in may 2014, the fasb issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. the core principle of the new guidance is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. the guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning december 15, 2016, which for the company is january 1, 2017. early adoption is not permitted. the new guidance allows for either full retrospective adoption, meaning the guidance is applied to all of the periods presented, or modified retrospective adoption, meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. the company is evaluating the
67
new guidance, the best transition method and the impact the new standard will have on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
accounting for stock-based compensation with performance targets in june 2014, the fasb issued guidance for the accounting for stock-based compensation tied to performance targets. the amendments clarify that a performance target that affects vesting of a share-based payment and that could be achieved after the requisite service period is a performance condition. as a result, the target is not reflected in the estimation of the award's grant date fair value and compensation cost would be recognized over the required service period, if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. the updated guidance may be applied either: (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date; or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. the updated guidance is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after december 15, 2015, which for the company is january 1, 2016. early adoption is permitted. the company is evaluating the impact the updated guidance will have on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
disclosures of uncertainties about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern in august 2014, the fasb issued guidance that explicitly requires an entity's management to assess the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. the new guidance requires an entity to evaluate, at each interim and annual period, whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued (or are available to be issued) and to provide related disclosures, if applicable. the new guidance is effective for annual periods ending after december 15, 2016 and for interim and annual periods thereafter, which for the company is january 1, 2017. early adoption is permitted. the adoption of this updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
hybrid financial instruments issued in the form of a share in november 2014, the fasb updated the derivatives and hedging guidance requiring issuers of, or investors in, hybrid financial instruments to determine whether the nature of the host contract is more akin to a debt instrument or an equity instrument by considering the economic characteristics and risks of the entire hybrid financial instrument, including the embedded derivative feature that is being evaluated for separate accounting from the host contract. this update should be applied on a modified retrospective basis to hybrid financial instruments issued in the form of a share that exist at the beginning of an entity's fiscal year of adoption. the updated guidance is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after december 15, 2015, which for the company is january 1, 2016. early adoption is permitted. the company is evaluating the impact the updated guidance will have on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
extraordinary and unusual items in january 2015, the fasb issued guidance that eliminates the concept of an extraordinary item. as a result, an entity will no longer segregate an extraordinary item and present it separately from the results of ordinary operations or separately disclose income taxes or earnings per share information applicable to an extraordinary item. the presentation and disclosure guidance for items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently has been retained and expanded to include items that are both unusual in nature and infrequently occurring. the updated guidance is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after december 15, 2015, which for the company is january 1, 2016. early adoption is permitted. the updated guidance may be applied prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented in the financial statements. the adoption of this updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
