item 1a. risk factors.
described below are certain risks that we believe apply to our business and the industry in which we operate. you should carefully consider each of the following risk factors in conjunction with other information provided in this annual report on form 10-k and in our other public disclosures. the risks described below highlight potential events, trends or other circumstances that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or access to sources of financing, and consequently, the market value of our common stock and debt instruments. these risks could cause our future results to differ materially from historical results and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations of future financial performance. the risks described below are not an exhaustive list of all the risks we face. there may be others that we have not identified or that we have deemed to be immaterial. all forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks described below.
we face strong competition from traditional store-based retailers, multi-channel retailers, internet-based businesses, our vendors and other forms of retail commerce, which directly affects our sales and margins.
the retail business is highly competitive. price is of primary importance to customers and price transparency and comparability continues to increase, particularly as a result of digital technology. the ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive prices to attract customers. we compete with many other local, regional, national and international retailers, as well as certain of our vendors who offer their products directly to consumers. some of our competitors have greater market presence and financial resources than we do. the retail industry continues to experience a trend toward an increase in sales initiated online and using mobile applications, and some online-only businesses are not required to collect and remit sales taxes in all u.s. states, which can negatively impact the ability of multi-channel retailers to be price competitive. online and multi-channel retailers are also increasing their focus on delivery services, with customers increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping. our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery cost depends on many factors, and our failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products. in addition, because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service utilizing a multi-channel platform, our cost structure is higher than some of our competitors. changes in the levels of these various competitive factors may have a significant impact on consumer demand for our products and services and the margins we can generate from them.
failure to anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner could result in a decline in our sales.
our success depends on our vendors' and our ability to successfully introduce new products, services and technologies to consumers, including, among other factors, the frequency of product and service innovations, how accurately we predict consumer preferences, the level of consumer demand, the availability of merchandise, the related impact on the demand for existing products and the competitive environment. consumers continue to have a wide variety of choices in terms of how and where they purchase the products and services we sell. failure to accurately predict and adapt to constantly changing technology and consumer preferences, spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.
macroeconomic pressures in the u.s. and key international markets could adversely affect consumer spending and our financial results.
some of our products and services are viewed by some consumers to be discretionary items rather than necessities. as a result, our results of operations are sensitive to changes in macroeconomic conditions that impact consumer spending. consumer confidence, employment levels, oil prices, interest rates, tax rates, availability of consumer financing, housing market conditions, and costs for items such as fuel and food, can adversely affect consumers' demand for the products and services that we offer. our future results could be significantly adversely impacted by these factors.
8
if we fail to attract, develop and retain qualified employees, including employees in key positions, our business and operating results may be harmed.
our performance is highly dependent on attracting and retaining qualified employees, including our senior management team and other key employees. our strategy of offering high quality services and assistance for our customers requires a highly trained and engaged workforce. the turnover rate in the retail industry is relatively high, and there is an ongoing need to recruit and train new employees. factors that affect our ability to maintain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, unemployment rates, competition from other employers and our ability to offer appropriate compensation packages. our inability to recruit a sufficient number of qualified individuals or failure to retain key employees in the future may impair our efficiency and effectiveness and our ability to pursue growth opportunities. in addition, a significant amount of turnover of senior management employees with specific knowledge relating to us, our operations and our industry may negatively impact our operations.
consumer demand for the products and services we sell could decline if we fail to maintain positive brand perception and recognition.
we operate a portfolio of brands with a commitment to customer service and innovation. we believe that recognition and the reputation of our brands are key to our success. the proliferation of web-based social media means that consumer feedback and other information about our company are shared with a broad audience in a manner that is easily accessible and rapidly disseminated. damage to the perception or reputation of our brands could result in declines in customer loyalty, lower employee retention and productivity, vendor relationship issues, and other factors, all of which could materially affect our profitability.
our success is dependent on the design and execution of appropriate business strategies.
we operate in a highly-competitive and ever-changing commercial environment. our success is dependent on our ability to identify, develop and execute appropriate strategies within this environment. our current strategy includes transformational change to many areas of our business, including our online and in-store customer experience, our distribution system, employee training and engagement, partnership with our vendors, retail execution, services and cost control. we may experience challenges in achieving the goals we have set, and it is possible that our strategies may prove to be ineffective and that we may need to make substantial changes to them in future periods. it is also possible that we will be unsuccessful in executing our strategies, that the strategies we will implement expose us to additional risks or that strategies that have been successful in the past will fail to produce the desired results. our results could be materially adversely affected if we fail to design and execute appropriate strategies. the market value of our common stock and debt instruments could be materially adversely affected if investors are uncertain about the appropriateness of our strategies or our ability to execute them.
refer to item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, for further information regarding our strategies.
failure to effectively manage our property portfolio may negatively impact our operating results.
effective management of our large property portfolio is critical to our success. we primarily secure properties through operating leases with third-party landlords. if we fail to negotiate appropriate terms for new leases we enter into, we may incur lease costs that are excessive and cause operating margins to be below acceptable levels. we may also make term commitments that are too long or too short, without the option to exit early or extend. the availability of suitable new property locations may also hinder our ability to maintain or grow our operations. factors such as the condition of local property markets, availability of lease financing, taxes, zoning and environmental issues, and competitive actions may impact the availability for suitable property.
we have closed stores, and we may close additional stores or other facilities in the future. for leased property, the financial impact of exiting a property can vary greatly depending on, among other factors, the terms of the lease, the condition of the local property market, demand for the specific property, our relationship with the landlord and the availability of potential sub-lease tenants. it is difficult for us to influence some of these factors. if these factors are unfavorable to us, then the costs of exiting a property can be significant. when we enter into a contract with a tenant to sub-lease property, we remain at risk of default by the tenant and the impact of such defaults on our future results could be significant.
9
failure to effectively manage our costs could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
certain elements of our cost structure are largely fixed in nature. demand for our products and services is difficult to predict, which makes it more challenging for us to maintain or increase our operating income. the competitiveness in our industry and increasing price transparency mean that the focus on achieving efficient operations is greater than ever. as a result, we must continuously focus on managing our cost structure. failure to manage our labor and benefit rates, advertising and marketing expenses, operating leases, other store expenses or indirect spending could severely impair our ability to maintain our price competitiveness while achieving acceptable levels of profitability.
our liquidity may be materially adversely affected by constraints in the capital markets or our vendor credit terms.
we need sufficient sources of liquidity to fund our working capital requirements, service our outstanding indebtedness and finance investment opportunities. without sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to curtail our operations or we may not be able to pursue business opportunities. the principal sources of our liquidity are funds generated from operating activities, available cash and liquid investments, credit facilities, other debt arrangements and trade payables. our liquidity could be materially adversely impacted if our vendors reduce payment terms and/or impose tighter credit limits. if our sources of liquidity do not satisfy our requirements, we may need to seek additional financing. the future availability of financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as economic and market conditions, the regulatory environment for banks and other financial institutions, the availability of credit and our credit ratings, and our reputation with potential lenders. these factors could materially adversely affect our costs of borrowing and our ability to pursue growth opportunities, and threaten our ability to meet our obligations as they become due.
changes in our credit ratings may limit our access to capital and materially increase our borrowing costs.
in fiscal 2015, moody's investors service, inc. maintained its long-term credit rating at baa2 and revised its outlook from negative to stable. fitch ratings ltd. upgraded its long-term credit rating from bb- to bb, maintaining its outlook as stable. standard & poor's ratings services maintained their long-term credit rating at bb with a stable outlook.
future downgrades to our credit ratings and outlook could negatively impact our access to capital markets, the borrowing cost for future financings and the perception of our credit risk by lenders and other third parties. our credit ratings are based upon information furnished by us or obtained by a rating agency from its own sources and are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by one or more rating agencies at any time. rating agencies may change the ratings assigned to us due to developments that are beyond our control, including the introduction of new rating practices and methodologies.
any downgrade may result in higher interest costs for certain of our credit facilities and could result in higher interest costs on future financings. in addition, downgrades may impact our ability to obtain adequate financing, including via trade payables with our vendors. customers' inclination to shop with us or purchase gift cards or extended warranties may also be affected by the publicity associated with deterioration of our credit ratings.
failure to effectively manage strategic ventures or acquisitions could have a negative impact on our business.
from time to time, our strategy has involved, and may in the future involve, entering into new business ventures and strategic alliances, as well as making acquisitions. assessing a potential opportunity can be based on assumptions that might not ultimately prove to be correct. in addition, the amount of information we can obtain about a potential opportunity may be limited, and we can give no assurance that new business ventures, strategic alliances and acquisitions will positively affect our financial performance or will perform as planned. the success of these opportunities is also largely dependent on the current and future participation, working relationship and strategic vision of the business venture or strategic alliance partners, which can change following a transaction. integrating new businesses, stores and concepts can be a difficult task. cultural differences in some markets into which we may expand or into which we may introduce new retail concepts may not be as well received by customers as originally anticipated. these types of transactions may divert our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities and may also negatively impact our return on invested capital. further, implementing new partnerships, strategic alliances or business ventures may also impair our relationships with our vendors or other strategic partners. we may not be able to successfully assimilate or integrate companies that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. we may also encounter challenges in achieving appropriate internal control over financial reporting and deficiencies in information technology systems in connection with the integration of an acquired company. if we fail to assimilate or integrate acquired companies successfully, our business, reputation and operating results could suffer materially. likewise, our failure to integrate and manage acquired companies successfully may lead to impairment of the associated goodwill and intangible asset balances.
10
failure to protect the integrity, security and confidentiality of our employee and customer data could expose us to litigation costs and materially damage our standing with our customers.
the use and handling of personally identifiable data by our business, our business associates and third parties is regulated at the state, federal and international levels. we are also contractually obligated to comply with certain industry standards regarding payment card information. increasing costs associated with information security, such as increased investment in technology and qualified staff, the costs of compliance and costs resulting from fraud could cause our business and results of operations to suffer materially. additionally, the success of our online operations depends upon the secure transmission of customer and other confidential information over public networks, including the use of cashless payments. while we take significant steps to protect this information, lapses in our controls or the intentional or negligent actions of employees, business associates or third parties may undermine our security measures. as a result, unauthorized parties may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate employee, customer and other confidential data. there can be no assurance that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent the compromise of our customer transaction processing capabilities and customer personal data. furthermore, because the methods used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and may not be immediately detected, we may be unable to anticipate these methods or promptly implement preventative measures. any such compromise of our security or the security of information residing with our business associates or third parties could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which may in turn have a negative impact on our sales, and may expose us to material costs, penalties and compensation claims. in addition, any compromise of our data security may materially increase the costs we incur to protect against such breaches and could subject us to additional legal risk.
our reliance on key vendors and mobile network carriers subjects us to various risks and uncertainties which could affect our operating results.
we source the products we sell from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. in fiscal 2015, our 20 largest suppliers accounted for approximately 73% of the merchandise we purchased, with 5 suppliers - apple, samsung, hewlett-packard, sony and lg electronics - representing approximately 47% of total merchandise purchased. we generally do not have long-term written contracts with our vendors that would require them to continue supplying us with merchandise. we depend on our vendors for, among other things, appropriate allocation of merchandise, development of compelling assortments of products, operation of vendor-focused shopping experiences within our stores, acceptance of product returns, approval and payment for factory warranty claims and funding for various forms of promotional programs. to varying degrees, our vendors may be able to leverage their financial strength, customer popularity or alternative channels (including, in some instances, our vendors' own retail locations or websites) to influence these factors and other factors to our commercial disadvantage. such changes could have a material adverse impact on our revenues and profitability.
we are also dependent on mobile network carriers to allow us to offer mobile devices with carrier connections. the competitive strategies utilized by mobile network carriers can have a material impact on our revenues and margins. for example, if carriers change customer upgrade terms, monthly fee plans, cancellation fees or service levels, the volume of upgrades and new contracts we sign with customers may be reduced, adversely affecting our revenues and profitability. in addition, many of our carriers also serve customers through their own stores, websites, mobile applications and call centers. if customers choose to upgrade or make new connections through carriers directly, rather than through us, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. we could also experience declines in revenue and profitability if our carriers decided not to allow us to market their products or services.
we have internal standards that we require all of our vendors to meet. our ability to find qualified vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the u.s. political or financial instability, merchandise quality issues, product safety concerns, trade restrictions, work stoppages, port delays, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, transportation capacity and costs, inflation, civil unrest, natural disasters, outbreaks of pandemics and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. these and other issues affecting our vendors could materially adversely affect our financial results.
changes in the demand for our service offerings could have a material adverse impact on our operating results.
our customer promises include provision of a full range of services to complement our product offerings, including extended warranties, delivery, installation, technical support, network set-up and repair services. many of these service offerings are through our geek squad brand, which provides an opportunity to deliver superior customer service and drives incremental revenue and income - often through attachment of these services at the point of sale. as customers increasingly migrate to websites and mobile applications to initiate transactions, there is a risk that we are unsuccessful in effectively promoting the benefits of these complementary service offerings through those channels. if we fail to design and market these services
11
effectively to our customers or fail to meet our customers' expectations in the execution of these services, our revenues and income could be adversely affected.
natural disasters, changes in climate and geo-political events could adversely affect our operating results.
the threat or occurrence of one or more natural disasters or other extreme weather events, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, the threat or outbreak of terrorism, civil unrest or other hostilities or conflicts, could materially adversely affect our financial performance. these events may result in damage to or destruction or closure of, our stores, distribution centers and other properties. such events can also adversely affect our work force and prevent employees and customers from reaching our stores and other properties, can modify consumer purchasing patterns and decrease disposable income, and can disrupt or disable portions of our supply chain and distribution network.
our exclusive brands products are subject to several additional product, supply chain and legal risks that could affect our operating results.
sales of our exclusive brands products, which primarily include insignia, modal, dynex, init, platinum and rocketfish branded products, represent an important component of our revenue. most of these products are manufactured by contracted manufacturers based in southeastern asia. this arrangement exposes us to the following additional potential risks, which could materially adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results:
•   we have greater exposure and responsibility to consumers for warranty replacements and repairs as a result of exclusive brand product defects, and our recourse to contracted manufacturers for such warranty liabilities may be limited in foreign jurisdictions;
•   we may be subject to regulatory compliance and/or product liability claims relating to personal injury, death or property damage caused by exclusive brand products, some of which may require us to take significant actions such as product recalls;
•   we may experience disruptions in manufacturing or logistics due to inconsistent and unanticipated order patterns, our inability to develop long-term relationships with key factories or unforeseen natural disasters;
•   we may not be able to locate manufacturers that meet our internal standards, whether for new exclusive brand products or for migration of the manufacturing of products from an existing manufacturer;
•   we are subject to developing and often-changing labor and environmental laws for the manufacture of products in foreign countries, and we may be unable to conform to new rules or interpretations in a timely manner;
•   we may be subject to claims by technology or other intellectual property owners if we inadvertently infringe upon their patents or other intellectual property rights, or if we fail to pay royalties owed on our exclusive brand products;
•   we may be unable to obtain or adequately protect patents and other intellectual property rights on our exclusive brand products or manufacturing processes; and
•   regulations regarding disclosure of efforts to identify the country of origin of "conflict minerals" in certain portions of our supply chain could increase the cost of doing business and, depending on the findings of our country of origin inquiry, could have an adverse effect on our reputation.
maintaining consistent quality, availability and competitive pricing of our exclusive brands products helps us build and maintain customer loyalty, generate sales and achieve acceptable margins. failure to maintain these factors could have a significant adverse impact on the demand for exclusive brand products and the margins we are able to generate from them.
we are subject to certain statutory, regulatory and legal developments which could have a material adverse impact on our business.
our statutory, regulatory and legal environments expose us to complex compliance and litigation risks that could materially adversely affect our operations and financial results. the most significant compliance and litigation risks we face are:
•   the difficulty of complying with sometimes conflicting statutes and regulations in local, national or international jurisdictions;
•   the potential for unexpected costs related to new or compliance with existing environmental legislation or international agreements affecting energy, carbon emissions, electronics recycling and water or product materials;
•   the impact of new regulations governing data privacy and security, whether imposed as a result of increased cyber-security risks or otherwise;
•   the impact of other new or changing statutes and regulations including, but not limited to, financial reform, national labor relations board rule changes, health care reform, corporate governance matters and/or other as yet unknown legislation, that could affect how we operate and execute our strategies as well as alter our expense structure;
12
•   the impact of changes in tax laws (or interpretations thereof by courts and taxing authorities) and accounting standards; and
•   the impact of litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers and shareholders, and labor and employment matters.
regulatory activity focused on the retail industry has grown in recent years, increasing the risk of fines and additional operating costs associated with compliance. additionally, defending against lawsuits and other proceedings may involve significant expense and divert management's attention and resources from other matters.
changes to the national labor relations act or other labor-related statutes or regulations could have an adverse impact on our costs and impair the viability of our operating model.
the national labor relations board continually considers changes to labor regulations, many of which could significantly impact the nature of labor relations in the u.s. and how union organizing and union elections are conducted. the u.s. department of labor is considering new regulations requiring companies to publicly report the use and associated expense of external resources providing labor relations guidance and advice. as of january 31, 2015, none of our u.s. operations had employees represented by labor unions or working under collective bargaining agreements. changes in labor-related statutes or regulations could increase the percentage of elections won by unions. if any segment of best buy's operations became unionized, it could increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our operations.
economic, regulatory and other developments could adversely affect the profitability of our promotional financing and credit card arrangements and our promotional financing offerings and therefore our operating results.
we offer promotional financing and credit cards issued by a third-party bank that manages and directly extends credit to our customers. the cardholders can receive low- or no-interest promotional financing on qualifying purchases. total revenues from these programs accounted for approximately 20% of our revenue in fiscal 2015. we view these arrangements as a way to generate incremental sales of products and services from customers who prefer the financing terms to other available forms of payment. in addition, we earn profit-share income from our banking partners based on the performance of the credit card portfolio, and the amount of income we earn in this regard is subject to numerous factors such as the volume of credit card or financing transactions, bad debt rates, interest rates, the regulatory environment and expenses of operating the program. adverse changes to any of these factors could impair our ability to offer these programs to customers and reduce our ability to earn income from sharing in the profits of the program.
we rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business.
the effective and efficient operation of our business is dependent on our management information systems. we rely heavily on our management information systems to manage all key aspects of our business, including demand forecasting, purchasing, supply chain management, point-of-sale processing, staff planning and deployment, website offerings, financial management and forecasting and safeguarding critical and sensitive information. the failure of our management information systems to perform as we anticipate, or to meet the continuously evolving needs of our business, could significantly disrupt our business and cause, for example, higher costs and lost revenues and could threaten our ability to remain in operation.
in addition, we utilize complex information technology platforms to operate our websites and mobile applications. disruptions to these services, such as those caused by unforeseen traffic levels or other technical difficulties, could cause us to forego material revenues and adversely affect our reputation with consumers.
we utilize third-party vendors for certain aspects of our business operations.
we engage key third-party business partners to support various functions of our business, including but not limited to, information technology, human resource operations, customer loyalty programs, promotional financing and customer loyalty credit cards, customer warranty and insurance programs. any material disruption in our relationship with key third-party business partners or any disruption in the services or systems provided or managed by third parties could impact our revenues and cost structure and hinder our ability to continue operations, particularly if a disruption occurs during peak revenue periods.
13
we are highly dependent on the cash flows and net earnings we generate during our fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season.
approximately one-third of our revenue and more than one-half of our net earnings have historically been generated in our fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season in the u.s., canada and mexico. unexpected events or developments such as natural or man-made disasters, product sourcing issues, failure or interruption of management information systems, disruptions in services or systems provided or managed by third-party vendors or adverse economic conditions in our fourth fiscal quarter could have a material adverse effect on our annual results of operations.
our revenues and margins are highly sensitive to developments in products and services.
the consumer electronics industry involves constant innovation and evolution of products and services offered to consumers. the following examples demonstrate the impact this can have on our business:
•   following the introduction of tablets, their sales grew rapidly and changed the market for mobile computing devices; however, the market has declined rapidly in fiscal 2015 as demand levels have fallen due to market saturation and minimal product innovation;
•   product convergence has significantly impacted the demand for some products; for example, the growth of increasingly sophisticated smartphones has reduced the demand for separate cameras, gaming systems, music players and gps devices;
•   the timing of new product introductions and updates can have a dramatic impact on the timing of revenues; for example, the introduction of new gaming systems can produce high demand levels for hardware and the accompanying software, which may be followed by several years of decline in demand;
•   delivery models for some products are affected by technological advances and new product innovations; for example, media such as music, video and gaming is increasingly transferring to digital delivery methods that may reduce the need for physical cd, dvd, blu-ray and gaming products; and
•   disruptions in the availability of content (such as sporting events or other broadcast programming) may influence the demand for hardware that our customers purchase to access such content, as well as the commission we receive from service providers.
many of the factors described above are not controllable by us. the factors can have a material adverse impact on our relevance to the consumer and the demand for products and services we have traditionally offered. it is possible that these and similar changes could materially affect our revenues and profitability.
our international activities are subject to many of the same risks as described above, as well as to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate.
we operate international retail locations in canada and mexico. in addition, we have a presence in various other foreign countries, including bermuda, china, germany, hong kong, japan, luxembourg, the republic of mauritius, the netherlands, taiwan, turks and caicos, and the u.k. during fiscal 2015, our international segment's operations generated 11% of our revenue. our future operating results in these countries and in other countries or regions throughout the world where we may operate in the future could be materially adversely affected by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including political conditions, economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints, foreign trade rules and monetary and fiscal policies (both of the u.s. and of other countries). in addition, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our future revenues, earnings and cash flows from international operations and could materially adversely affect our reported financial performance.
our international segment's operations face other risks as well, including the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the u.s., and potential adverse tax consequences. the various risks inherent in doing business in the u.s. generally also exist when doing business outside of the u.s. and may be exaggerated by differences in culture, laws and regulations. there is a heightened risk that we misjudge the response of consumers in foreign markets to our product and service assortments, marketing and promotional strategy and store and website designs, among other factors, and this could adversely impact the results of these operations and the viability of these ventures.
14
failure to meet the financial performance guidance or other forward-looking statements we have provided to the public could result in a decline in our stock price.
we may provide public guidance on our expected financial results for future periods. although we believe that this guidance provides investors and analysts with a better understanding of management's expectations for the future and is useful to our stockholders and potential stockholders, such guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report and in our other public filings and public statements. our actual results may not always be in line with or exceed the guidance we have provided. if our financial results for a particular period do not meet our guidance or the expectations of investment analysts or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may decline.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. unless otherwise noted, transactions and other factors significantly impacting our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity are discussed in order of magnitude. our md&a is presented in seven sections:
•   overview
•   business strategy
•   results of operations
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   off-balance-sheet arrangements and contractual obligations
•   critical accounting estimates
•   new accounting pronouncements our md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we are a leading provider of technology products, services and solutions. we offer expert service at unbeatable price more than 1.5 billion times a year to the consumers, small business owners and educators who visit our stores, engage with geek squad agents or use our websites or mobile applications. we have retail and online operations in the u.s., canada and mexico. we operate two reportable segments: domestic and international. the domestic segment is comprised of all operations within the u.s. and its territories. the international segment is comprised of all operations outside the u.s. and its territories.
24
our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal. historically, we have realized more of our revenue and earnings in the fiscal fourth quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season in the u.s., canada and mexico. while consumers view some of the products and services we offer as essential, others are viewed as discretionary purchases. consequently, our financial results are susceptible to changes in consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors, including unemployment, consumer credit availability and the condition of the housing market. additionally, there are other factors that directly impact our performance, such as product life-cycles (including the introduction and pace of adoption of new technology) and the competitive retail environment. as a result of these factors, predicting our future revenue and net earnings is difficult.
throughout this md&a, we refer to comparable sales. our comparable sales calculation compares revenue from stores, websites and call centers operating for at least 14 full months, as well as revenue related to certain other comparable sales channels for a particular period to the corresponding period in the prior year. relocated stores, as well as remodeled, expanded and downsized stores closed more than 14 days, are excluded from the comparable sales calculation until at least 14 full months after reopening. acquisitions are included in the comparable sales calculation beginning with the first full quarter following the first anniversary of the date of the acquisition. the portion of the calculation of comparable sales attributable to our international segment excludes the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. the calculation of comparable sales excludes the impact of revenue from discontinued operations. comparable online sales are included in our comparable sales calculation. the method of calculating comparable sales varies across the retail industry. as a result, our method of calculating comparable sales may not be the same as other retailers' methods.
in our discussions of the operating results of our consolidated business and our international segment, we sometimes refer to the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which are references to the differences between the foreign currency exchange rates we use to convert the international segment's operating results from local currencies into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations is typically calculated as the difference between current period activity translated using the current period's currency exchange rates and the comparable prior-year period's currency exchange rates. we use this method to calculate the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates for all countries where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar.
in our discussions of the operating results below, we sometimes refer to the impact of net new stores on our results of operations. the key factors that dictate the impact that the net new stores have on our operating results include: (i) store opening and closing decisions; (ii) the size and format of new stores, as we operate stores ranging from approximately 1,000 square feet to approximately 50,000 square feet; (iii) the length of time the stores were open during the period; and (iv) the overall success of new store launches.
this md&a includes financial information prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"), as well as certain adjusted or non-gaap financial measures such as non-gaap operating income, non-gaap net earnings from continuing operations, non-gaap diluted earnings per share from continuing operations and adjusted debt to earnings before goodwill impairment, interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and rent ("ebitdar") ratio. generally, a non-gaap financial measure is a numerical measure of financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes (or includes) amounts that are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. the non-gaap financial measures should be viewed as a supplement to, and not a substitute for, financial measures presented in accordance with gaap. non-gaap measures as presented herein may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
we believe that the non-gaap measures described above provide meaningful supplemental information to assist shareholders in understanding our financial results and assessing our prospects for future performance. management believes adjusted operating income, adjusted net earnings from continuing operations and adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations are important indicators of our operations because they exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our core operating results and provide a baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. management makes standard adjustments for items such as restructuring charges, goodwill impairments, non-restructuring asset impairments and gains or losses on investments, as well as adjustments for other items that may arise during the period and have a meaningful impact on comparability. to measure adjusted operating income, we removed the impact of the second quarter of fiscal 2014 lcd-related legal settlements, non-restructuring asset impairments, restructuring charges and goodwill impairments from our calculation of operating income. adjusted net earnings from continuing operations was calculated by removing the after-tax impact of operating income adjustments and the gains on investments, as well as the income tax impacts of reorganizing certain european legal entities and the best buy europe sale from our calculation of net earnings from continuing operations. to measure adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, we excluded the per share impact of net earnings adjustments from our calculation of diluted earnings per share. management believes our adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio is an important indicator of our creditworthiness. because non-gaap financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible
25
to compare these financial measures with other companies' non-gaap financial measures having the same or similar names. these non-gaap financial measures are an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our gaap results and the reconciliations to corresponding gaap financial measures within our discussion of consolidated performance below, provide a more complete understanding of our business. we strongly encourage investors and shareholders to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure.
business strategy in the fall of 2012, we laid out for investors the state of our business and summarized the challenges we faced by articulating two fundamental problems: (1) declining comparable sales and (2) declining margins. to address these problems and achieve our goal of becoming the leading authority and destination for technology products and services, we unveiled our renew blue transformation effort, incorporating the following five pillars:
•   reinvigorate and rejuvenate the customer experience
•   attract and inspire leaders and employees
•   work with vendor partners to innovate and drive value
•   increase our return on invested capital
•   continue our leadership role in positively impacting our world fiscal 2015 was the second full fiscal year in our renew blue transformation, and we continued to make progress against the two main problems we had to solve that we outlined in november of 2012 - declining comparable sales and declining operating margins. in fiscal 2015, we stabilized comparable sales on a full year basis and delivered incremental non-gaap sg&a reductions of approximately $420 million, resulting in non-gaap operating income rate expansion of 0.8% of revenue and a 26% increase in non-gaap diluted earnings per share to $2.60. we also ended the year with $3.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments versus $2.6 billion last year.
these results reflect the cumulative progress since 2012 that we have made against our renew blue transformation initiatives. to date, we have: (1) improved our net promoter score (nps) by 450 basis points; (2) rolled out 71 pacific kitchen and home and 34 magnolia design center stores-within-a-store in addition to our enhanced vendor experiences; (3) implemented ship-from-store across the whole chain, driving significant growth for our business; (4) increased our domestic online penetration from 7.0% to 9.8%; (5) gained share across multiple categories; (6) delivered $1.02 billion in cost reductions, exceeding our $1 billion target; (7) divested our under-performing european and chinese businesses; and (8) intensively managed our capital resources and significantly strengthened our balance sheet.
in light of this progress, we announced a plan on march 2, 2015, to return excess capital to shareholders. this plan allows us to continue to invest in the growth of our business and preserve a strong balance sheet and includes: (1) a special, one-time dividend of $0.51 per share, or approximately $180 million, related to the net, after-tax proceeds from lcd-related legal settlements received in the last three fiscal years; (2) a 21% increase in our regular quarterly dividend to $0.23 per share; and (3) the resumption of share repurchases, with the intent to repurchase $1 billion worth of shares over the next three years.
as we look forward to fiscal 2016 and beyond, it is imperative that we continue to focus on driving comparable sales and improving operating margins, while funding investments in our future. we are pursuing a strategy that is focused on delivering advice, service and convenience at competitive prices to our customers. within this strategy, we are focused on driving a number of growth initiatives around key product categories, life events and services. to drive these initiatives, we are pursuing and investing in the transformation of our key functions and processes. the initiatives we intend to pursue in fiscal 2016 reflect our continued execution against the 24-month road map that we outlined a year ago.
the first initiative is merchandising. our goal is to create a compelling assortment online and in the stores with a superior end-to-end customer experience that yields enhanced financial returns. in pursuit of that goal, we plan to: (1) capitalize on the ultra -high definition television cycle through best-in-class merchandising, assortment and customer experience, including opening approximately 20 additional magnolia design center stores-within-a-store to end fiscal 2016 with 78; (2) accelerate our expansion in growing categories with structural barriers to entry - like large appliances and mobile - including opening approximately 60 additional pacific kitchen & home stores-within-a-store to end fiscal 2016 with 177 and extending our installment billing selling capability to online; (3) grow our connected home and health and wearables businesses through an optimized assortment and an improved multi-channel customer experience; (4) increase our exclusive brand and private label assortments; (5) expand our secondary market growth strategy to offer consumers better access to these types of products and improve our margin recovery on returned, replaced and damaged products; and (6) apply more science behind our promotional and pricing strategies.
26
we will also expand our programs to capture customers at the time of key life events and build long-term relationships with them, including our new mover program and our wedding gift registry, which we launched in february 2015.
the second initiative is marketing, which provides crucial support for our merchandising growth opportunities. in marketing, we will (1) accelerate our targeted marketing programs by leveraging our customer database to expand personalization beyond email campaigns; (2) extend the personalization of our targeted email campaigns by dynamically serving relevant landing pages when customers click through to our website; (3) continue the evolution of our marketing spend from analog and mass to digital and personalized mediums such as search, mobile devices and re-targeting; and (4) continue to increase the number of addressable emails in our customer database.
the next initiative on our road map is online. our goal is to serve our customers based on how, when, and where they want to be served and capture online share. in pursuit of that goal, we will continue to develop true omni-channel experiences, including improving the online visibility of returned, opened box inventory; (2) extending our installment billing selling capability online; (3) enhancing the online experience for appliance purchases; (4) expanding capabilities for life events like the wedding registry and wish list; and (5) providing an integrated geek squad customer experience across channels and devices and driving increased attach rates. we will also be continuing the transformation of our e-commerce technology platform and accelerating the transformation of our mobile customer experience which we will support through our new technology development center in seattle. similar to general industry trends, our traffic from mobile phones is growing much faster than traditional desktop traffic and we are increasing our mobile investment accordingly. we believe it is imperative that we engage mobile customers with improved and streamlined access to essential, rich product information during the discovery, research and checkout processes.
the next initiative is retail stores. in our retail stores we are building on the momentum from our success in fiscal 2015 and will be driving increased sales effectiveness and payroll leverage through focus on the individual sales productivity of our associates, enhancing our in-store customer experience from both an expert service and physical environment perspective, including expanding product training for associates and driving growth by implementing market plans that are tailored to specific geographies.
services is the next initiative on our road map. in fiscal 2015, we significantly reduced our legacy cost structure and improved our services-related nps. we also launched a loss and theft mobile phone insurance program and more complete technology support bundles. despite these accomplishments; however, revenue has been declining largely due to lower attach rates of traditional extended warranties and lower mobile revenue due to our success in decreasing claim severity and frequency, which is an operational positive. in fiscal 2016, we will be focused on (1) continuing to transform our traditional service offerings to better address customer needs; (2) continuing to improve our delivery and installation experience; (3) increasing the investment in marketing and selling our services offerings; and (4) integrating the geek squad experience into bestbuy.com to provide an enhanced service experience to our customers and to increase online attach rates.
the next initiative on our road map is supply chain. our goal is to leverage our network and improve our customer experience with increased inventory availability, improved speed to customer, and improved home delivery and installation capabilities for our large cube assortments. in pursuit of these goals, over the next 12 months we will unlock additional inventory for ship-from-store, continue to pursue cost efficiencies through technology enhancements (including replacement of our warehouse technology systems), drive growth in large appliances and large televisions by leveraging new regional inventory capabilities and invest in improving our home delivery and installation services nps.
the last initiative on our road map is our cost structure. through the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we eliminated a total of $1.02 billion in annualized costs, which exceeded our target of $1 billion. in fiscal 2016, we are launching phase two of our cost reduction and gross profit optimization program with a target of approximately $400 million in annualized savings over three years, including the remaining benefit of approximately $250 million from our previously discussed returns, replacements and damages opportunity. these savings, because they are structural in nature, are not expected to begin until the second half of fiscal 2016 and will be driven by streamlined processes and operational efficiencies that will be primarily enabled through investments in systems.
we expect, however, that these incremental savings will be significantly offset by the investments we need to make to fund our growth initiatives. in fiscal 2016, we expect these incremental investments to total approximately $100 million to $120 million, or $0.17 to $0.21 in diluted eps and fall into three main buckets: (1) the customer experience online and in our retail stores; (2) information technology; and (3) marketing. we also expect to increase our fiscal 2016 capital expenditures to approximately $650 to $700 million, from $550 million in fiscal 2015.
27
fiscal 2016 trends the strategy outlined above is the foundation of our fiscal 2016 operating plan, and we are confident in our ability to execute against it as we have demonstrated this past year. however, we will also be facing industry and economic pressures, which we expect to impact our business, including (1) more rapidly declining average selling prices in key product categories; (2) weak industry demand in certain product categories; (3) declining demand and increasing pricing pressures for our extended warranties; and (4) increasingly competitive and costly customer service expectations like free and faster shipping.
to win against this backdrop, investing now is imperative. while these investments will put pressure on our fiscal 2016 operating income rate, we believe they leverage our executional momentum and will allow us to build a differentiated customer experience and a foundation for long-term success. in fiscal 2016, we expect the financial impact of the aforementioned investments and economic pressures in the first quarter and continue throughout the year.
from a revenue perspective, fiscal 2016 first and second quarter enterprise revenue and comparable sales growth, excluding the estimated impact of installment billing, is expected to be in the range of flat to negative low-single digits. this change in trend versus the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 is primarily driven by ongoing material declines in the tablet category, in addition to typical holiday momentum around high-profile, giftable products not continuing post-holiday. we will also be anniversarying approximately 80 basis points of enterprise growth in the first half of fiscal 2015 driven by the chain-wide rollout of ship-from-store.
from a non-gaap operating income rate perspective, we expect fiscal 2016 first and second quarter to be down approximately 0.3% of revenue to 0.5% of revenue, including lapping fiscal 2015 first quarter 15-basis point benefit associated with our credit card agreement. this decline reflects the economic and growth pressures outlined above, the investments we are making to drive our fiscal 2016 growth initiatives and our anticipated sg&a inflation. additionally, we expect the fiscal 2016 first and second quarter non-gaap continuing operations effective income tax rate to be in the range of 39% to 40%.
canada in march 2015, we made a decision to consolidate future shop and best buy stores and websites in canada under the best buy brand in order to strengthen our position as canada's leading provider of consumer electronics products, services and solutions. as a result of this decision, we also reviewed our real estate footprint in canada to address the fact that a significant number of future shop and best buy stores are located in close proximity to each other. the result of this review is the permanent closure of 66 future shop locations and the conversion of 65 future shop stores to the best buy brand. following this consolidation, we will continue to have a strong store presence in all major markets in canada.
looking ahead, investments up to $160 million will be made in best buy stores and bestbuy.ca to build a leading multi-channel customer experience. this multi-faceted strategy will include: (1) launching major home appliances in all stores; (2) working with our vendor partners to bring their products to life in a more compelling way; (3) increasing our staffing levels to better serve our customers; (4) investing in the online shopping experience, for example by expanding in-store pick-up areas for online customers and launching a ship-from-store program, making in-store inventory available to online customers across the country.
as a result of these changes, we expect to increase our capital spending by up to $160 million over the next 12 to 24 months. in addition, we expect to record restructuring charges and non-restructuring impairments in the range of $200 million to $280 million, or a gaap diluted earnings per share impact of $0.41 to $0.58. we expect that the majority of these charges will be recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. the total charges includes approximately $140 million to $180 million of cash charges - primarily related to future rent obligations and severance - that will be paid over the next 5 years.
we also expect our fiscal 2016 gaap and non-gaap diluted earnings per share to be negatively impacted in the range of $0.10 to $0.20 due primarily to a temporary increase in operational expenses associated with consolidation activities and store disruptions resulting from our investments to support the best buy multi-channel customer experience. due to the transitional nature of the majority of these costs, we do not expect this negative earnings per share impact to continue into future years.
see note 13, subsequent events, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information about the restructuring charges related to this action.
28
results of operations in order to align our fiscal reporting periods and comply with statutory filing requirements in certain foreign jurisdictions, we consolidate the financial results of our mexico operations, as well as our discontinued china and europe operations, on a lag. consistent with such consolidation, the financial and non-financial information presented in our md&a relative to these operations is also presented on a lag. our policy is to accelerate the recording of events occurring in the lag period that significantly affect our consolidated financial statements. there were no significant intervening events which would have materially affected our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or other factors had they been recorded during fiscal 2015.
on november 2, 2011, our board approved a change in our fiscal year-end from the saturday nearest the end of february to the saturday nearest the end of january, effective beginning with our fiscal year 2013. as a result of this change, our fiscal year 2013 transition period was 11 months and ended on february 2, 2013. refer to note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
in this md&a, when financial results for fiscal 2014 are compared to financial results for fiscal 2013, the results for the 12-month fiscal 2014 are compared to the results for the 11-month transition period from fiscal 2013. fiscal 2014 (12-month) included 52 weeks and fiscal 2013 (11-month) included 48 weeks. the following tables show the fiscal months included within the various comparison periods in our md&a:
fiscal 2015 (12-month) results compared with fiscal 2014 (12-month)(1)
2015 (12-month)                                          2014 (12-month)
february 2014 - january 2015                             february 2013 - january 2014
(1)   for entities reported on a lag, the fiscal months included in fiscal 2015 (12 month) and fiscal 2014 (12-month) were january through december.
fiscal 2014 (12-month) results compared with fiscal 2013 (11-month)(1)
2014 (12-month)                                          2013 (11-month)
february 2013 - january 2014                             march 2012 - january 2013
(1)   for entities reported on a lag, the fiscal months included in fiscal 2014 (12-month) were january through december and for fiscal 2013 (11-month) were february through december.
discontinued operations presentation the results of mindshift in our domestic segment and best buy europe and five star in our international segment are presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of earnings. unless otherwise stated, financial results discussed herein refer to continuing operations.
domestic segment installment billing plans in april 2014, we began to sell installment billing plans offered by mobile carriers to our customers to complement the more traditional two-year plans. while the two types of contracts have broadly similar overall economics, installment billing plans typically generate higher revenues due to higher proceeds for devices and higher cost of sales due to lower device subsidies. as we increase our mix of installment billing plans, there is an associated increase in revenue and cost of goods sold and a decrease in gross profit rate, with gross profit dollars relatively unaffected. we estimate that our fiscal 2015 enterprise and domestic comparable sales of 0.5% and 1.0%, respectively, both include a 0.5% of revenue impact from this classification difference. the impact on our consolidated gross profit rate was immaterial.
consolidated results fiscal 2015 summary
•   fiscal 2015 included net earnings from continuing operations of $1.2 billion, compared to $695 million in fiscal 2014. net earnings in fiscal 2015 included a $353 million discrete tax benefit related to reorganizing certain european legal entities, while fiscal 2014 included $149 million of restructuring charges. earnings per diluted share from continuing operations was $3.53 in fiscal 2015, compared to $2.00 in fiscal 2014.
29
•   revenue was $40.3 billion in fiscal 2015. the slight decrease from fiscal 2014 was primarily driven by the negative impact of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, partially offset by a comparable sales gain of 0.5%. excluding the 0.5% of revenue estimated benefit associated with the classification of the new mobile carrier installment billing plans, comparable sales were flat.
•   our gross profit rate decreased by 0.7% of revenue to 22.4% of revenue in fiscal 2015. the decrease was primarily due to lcd-related legal settlements received in fiscal 2014.
•   we generated $1.9 billion in operating cash flow in fiscal 2015, compared to $1.1 billion in fiscal 2014, and we ended fiscal 2015 with $3.9 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, compared to $2.9 billion at the end of fiscal 2014. capital expenditures remained relatively consistent with the prior year, as we continued to follow a more disciplined capital allocation process.
•   during fiscal 2015, we made four dividend payments totaling $0.72 per share, or $251 million in the aggregate.
the following table presents selected consolidated financial data for each of the past three fiscal years ($ in millions, except per share amounts):
12-month             12-month             11-month consolidated performance summary                                                    2015                 2014                 2013
revenue                                                                     $40,339              $40,611              $38,252
revenue % gain (decline)(1)                                                    (0.7   )%             6.2    %           (11.9   )%
comparable sales % gain (decline)                                               0.5    %            (1.0   )%            (2.7   )%
gross profit                                                                 $9,047               $9,399               $9,023
gross profit as a % of revenue(2)                                              22.4    %            23.1    %            23.6    %
sg&amp;a                                                                     $7,592               $8,106               $7,905
sg&amp;a as a % of revenue(3)                                                  18.8    %            20.0    %            20.7    %
restructuring charges                                                            $5                 $149                 $414
goodwill impairments                                                             $-                   $-                 $614
operating income                                                             $1,450               $1,144                  $90
operating income as a % of revenue                                              3.6    %             2.8    %             0.2    %
net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                               $1,246                 $695                $(259    )
loss from discontinued operations(2)                                           $(13    )           $(163    )           $(182    )
net earnings (loss) attributable to best buy co., inc. shareholders          $1,233                 $532                $(441    )
diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations                  $3.53                $2.00               $(0.76    )
diluted earnings (loss) per share                                             $3.49                $1.53               $(1.30    )
(1)   the revenue % decline for fiscal 2013 (11-month) is compared to the 12-month fiscal year 2012
(2)   because retailers vary in how they record costs of operating their supply chain between cost of goods sold and sg&amp;a, our gross profit rate and sg&amp;a rate may not be comparable to other retailers' corresponding rates. for additional information regarding costs classified in cost of goods sold and sg&amp;a, refer to note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
(3)   includes both gain (loss) from discontinued operations and net (earnings) loss from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interests.
fiscal 2015 results compared with fiscal 2014
the components of the 0.7% revenue decrease in fiscal 2015 were as follows:
impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations   (0.7   )%
net store changes                                       (0.2   )%
non-comparable sales(1)                                 (0.2   )%
comparable sales impact                                  0.4   %
total revenue decrease                                  (0.7   )%
(1)   non-comparable sales reflects the impact of revenue streams not included within our comparable sales calculation, such as certain credit card revenue, gift card breakage and sales of merchandise to wholesalers and dealers, as applicable.
30
our gross profit rate decreased 0.7% of revenue in fiscal 2015. our domestic and international segments contributed a rate decrease of 0.6% of revenue and 0.1% of revenue, respectively. for further discussion of each segment's gross profit rate changes, see segment performance summary, below.
the sg&a rate decreased 1.2% of revenue in fiscal 2015. our domestic and international segments contributed a rate decrease of 1.1% of revenue and 0.1% of revenue, respectively. for further discussion of each segment's sg&a rate changes, see segment performance summary, below.
we recorded restructuring charges of $149 million in fiscal 2014, comprised of $123 million in our domestic segment and $26 million in our international segment. these restructuring charges resulted in a decrease in our operating income in fiscal 2014 of 0.4% of revenue. we recorded an immaterial amount of restructuring charges in fiscal 2015. for further discussion of each segment's restructuring charges, see segment performance summary, below.
our operating income increased $306 million, and our operating income as a percent of revenue increased to 3.6% of revenue in fiscal 2015, compared to operating income of 2.8% of revenue in fiscal 2014. the increase in our operating income was due to a decrease in sg&a and restructuring charges, partially offset by lcd-related legal settlements in fiscal 2014.
fiscal 2014 (12-month) results compared with fiscal 2013 (11-month)
for purposes of this section, fiscal 2014 (12-month) represents the 12-month period ended february 1, 2014 and fiscal 2013 (11-month) represents the 11-month transition period ended february 2, 2013.
the components of the 6.2% revenue increase in fiscal 2014 (12-month) were as follows:
extra month of revenue(1)                                7.8   %
comparable sales impact                                 (0.6   )%
net store changes                                       (0.5   )%
impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations   (0.5   )%
total revenue increase                                   6.2   %
(1)   represents the incremental revenue in fiscal 2014, which had 12 months of activity compared to 11 months in fiscal 2013 as a result of our fiscal year-end change.
our gross profit rate decreased 0.5% of revenue in fiscal 2014 (12-month). our domestic and international segments contributed a rate decrease of 0.4% of revenue and 0.1% of revenue, respectively. for further discussion of each segment's gross profit rate changes, see segment performance summary, below.
the sg&a rate decreased 0.7% of revenue in fiscal 2014 (12-month). our domestic and international segments contributed a rate decrease of 0.6% of revenue and 0.1% of revenue, respectively. for further discussion of each segment's sg&a rate changes, see segment performance summary, below.
we recorded restructuring charges of $149 million in fiscal 2014 (12-month), comprised of $123 million in our domestic segment and $26 million in our international segment. these restructuring charges resulted in a decrease in our operating income in fiscal 2014 (12-month) of 0.4% of revenue. we recorded $415 million of restructuring charges in fiscal 2013 (11-month), which included $1 million of inventory write-downs recorded in cost of goods sold. our domestic and international segments recorded $328 million and $87 million of restructuring charges, respectively, in fiscal 2013 (11-month). the restructuring charges recorded in fiscal 2013 (11-month) resulted in a decrease in our operating income rate of 1.1% of revenue. for further discussion of each segment's restructuring charges, see segment performance summary, below.
our operating income increased $1.1 billion and our operating income as a percent of revenue increased to 2.8% of revenue in fiscal 2014 (12-month), compared to an operating income of 0.2% of revenue in fiscal 2013 (11-month). the increase in our operating income was due to a decrease in goodwill impairments and restructuring charges, as well as lcd-related legal settlements and additional operating income from an extra month of activity in fiscal 2014 (12-month) compared to fiscal 2013 (11-month).
31
segment performance summary domestic the following table presents selected financial data for our domestic segment for each of the past three fiscal years ($ in millions):
12-month             12-month             11-month domestic segment performance summary                           2015                 2014                 2013
revenue                                                $36,055              $35,831              $33,222
revenue % gain (decline)(1)                                0.6    %             7.9    %            (2.6   )%
comparable sales % gain (decline)(2)                       1.0    %            (0.4   )%            (1.7   )%
gross profit                                            $8,080               $8,274               $7,789
gross profit as a % of revenue                            22.4    %            23.1    %            23.4    %
sg&amp;a                                                $6,639               $7,006               $6,728
sg&amp;a as a % of revenue                                18.4    %            19.6    %            20.3    %
restructuring charges                                       $4                 $123                 $327
goodwill impairments                                        $-                   $-                   $3
operating income                                        $1,437               $1,145                 $731
operating income as a % of revenue                         4.0    %             3.2    %             2.2    %
selected online revenue data:
online revenue as a % of total segment revenue             9.8    %             8.5    %             7.2    %
comparable online sales % gain(2)                         16.7    %            19.8    %            11.4    %
(1) the revenue % decline for fiscal 2013 (11-month) is compared to the 12-month fiscal year 2012.
(2) comparable online sales gain is included in the total comparable sales gain (decline) above.
the following table reconciles our domestic segment stores open at the end of each of the last three fiscal years:
fiscal 2013 (11-month)                                                                           fiscal 2014                                                                          fiscal 2015
total storesat end offiscal year          storesopened          storesclosed          total storesat end offiscal year         storesopened          storesclosed          total storesat end offiscal year best buy                                   1,056                               -                    (1   )                       1,055                              -                    (5   )                       1,050
best buy mobile stand-alone                  409                              12                   (15   )                         406                              1                   (40   )                         367
pacific sales                                 34                               -                    (4   )                          30                              -                    (1   )                          29
magnolia audio video                           4                               -                     -                               4                              -                    (2   )                           2
total domestic segment stores              1,503                              12                   (20   )                       1,495                              1                   (48   )                       1,448
fiscal 2015 results compared with fiscal 2014
domestic segment revenue increased in fiscal 2015, primarily driven by comparable sales growth of 1.0%. excluding the 0.5% of revenue estimated benefit associated with the classification of the new mobile carrier installment billing plans, comparable sales increased 0.5%. online revenue was $3.5 billion, and we experienced comparable online sales growth of 16.7% due to: (1) improved inventory availability made possible by the chain-wide rollout of our ship-from-store capability that was completed in january 2014; (2) higher average order value; and (3) increased traffic driven by greater investment in online digital marketing.
fiscal 2015 was also the first full year under the credit card agreement, the term of which started in september 2013. at the beginning of the year we estimated that we would generate $150 million to $200 million less credit card revenue in fiscal 2015. however, revenue earned decreased by only $7 million compared to fiscal 2014, as we experienced significantly better performance than expected, particularly in the fourth quarter. the impact of our credit card agreement on our revenue is substantially the same as the impact on our gross profit and operating income.
32
the components of the 0.6% revenue increase in the domestic segment in fiscal 2015 (12-month) were as follows:
comparable sales impact    0.9   %
non-comparable sales(1)   (0.2   )%
net store changes         (0.1   )%
total revenue increase     0.6   %
(1)   non-comparable sales reflects the impact of revenue streams not included within our comparable sales calculation, such as credit card revenue, gift card breakage, commercial sales and sales of merchandise to wholesalers and dealers.
the net store changes did not have a material impact on our revenue in fiscal 2015, as the majority of closures occurred in the fourth quarter and related to our small-format best buy mobile stand-alone stores. the closing of small-format best buy mobile stores have a significantly smaller impact given their smaller size and limited category focus compared to our large-format stores.
the following table presents the domestic segment's revenue mix percentages and comparable sales percentage changes by revenue category in fiscal 2015 and 2014:
revenue mix summary                           comparable store sales summary
12 months ended             12 months ended           12 months ended                12 months ended january 31, 2015            february 1, 2014          january 31, 2015               february 1, 2014
consumer electronics                31   %                      30          %            3.7          %                (5.6   )%
computing and mobile phones         47   %                      48          %           (0.6         )%                 4.7   %
entertainment                        9   %                       8          %            4.5          %               (16.3   )%
appliances                           7   %                       7          %            7.5          %                16.7   %
services                             5   %                       6          %          (11.1         )%                 0.2   %
other                                1   %                       1          %            n/a                            n/a total                              100   %                     100          %            1.0          %                (0.4   )%
the following is a description of the notable comparable sales changes in our domestic segment by revenue category:
•   consumer electronics: the 3.7% comparable sales increase was primarily due to growth in televisions, with strong growth in ultra hd television. this was partially offset by declines in dvd/blu-ray players, as online streaming continues to increase, and cameras, as device convergence with smartphones and tablets continued.
•   computing and mobile phones: the 0.6% comparable sales decline primarily resulted from a significant decrease in tablets due to industry declines. this decline was partially offset by an increase in sales of computers, as well as an increase in sales of mobile phones driven by the introduction of mobile carrier installment billing plans and higher year over year selling prices. excluding the impact of installment billing, mobile phone comparable sales declined.
•   entertainment: the 4.5% comparable sales increase was driven primarily by gaming sales from the new platforms launched in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, partially offset by the continuing declines in movies and music as consumers continue to shift from physical media to online streaming and downloads.
•   appliances: the 7.5% comparable sales gain was a result of strong performance throughout fiscal 2015 due to effective promotions, the addition of appliance specialists in select stores and the positive impact of pacific kitchen &amp; home store-within-a-store concepts.
•   services: the 11.1% comparable sales decline was primarily due to lower mobile repair revenue and lower sales of extended warranty plans driven by lower attach rates.
our domestic segment experienced a decrease in gross profit of $194 million, or 2.3%, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. the most significant driver of the decrease was $264 million of lcd-related legal settlements that we received in the second quarter of fiscal 2014 and, to a lesser extent, $50 million of lcd settlements received in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. excluding these lcd settlements, we experienced an increase in gross profit of $120 million, and the gross profit rate increased 0.2% of revenue. the primary drivers of the gross profit rate increase were: (1) the benefit from the realization of our renew blue cost reductions and other supply chain cost containment initiatives (including initiatives related to returns, replacements and damages); (2) a more structured and analytical approach to pricing, notably in the fourth quarter; and (3) increased revenue in higher-margin large-screen televisions. these increases were offset by a mix shift into lower-margin gaming and computing categories and a highly competitive promotional environment in tablets.
33
our domestic segment's sg&a decreased $367 million, or 5.2%, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. in addition, the sg&a rate decreased by 1.2% of revenue compared to the prior year. the decreases in sg&a and sg&a rate were primarily driven by the realization of renew blue cost reduction initiatives and the benefit from tighter expense management throughout the company. these declines were partially offset by renew blue investments in online growth and our in-store experience, as well as higher incentive compensation.
our domestic segment recorded $4 million of restructuring charges in fiscal 2015 and incurred $123 million of restructuring charges in fiscal 2014. the restructuring charges had an immaterial impact on our operating income rate in fiscal 2015 and resulted in a decrease in our operating income rate in fiscal 2014 of 0.3% of revenue. refer to note 4, restructuring charges, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our restructuring activities.
our domestic segment's operating income increased $292 million, or 0.8% of revenue, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. the increase was driven by lower sg&a, a comparable sales gain and lower restructuring charges, partially offset by the decrease in gross profit from the prior-year lcd settlements described above.
fiscal 2014 (12-month) results compared with fiscal 2013 (11-month)
for purposes of this section, fiscal 2014 (12-month) represents the 12-month period ended february 1, 2014 and fiscal 2013 (11-month) represents the 11-month transition period ended february 2, 2013.
during fiscal 2014 (12-month), we made substantial progress against our renew blue priorities. first, we exceeded our original renew blue annualized cost reduction target. second, we made progress stabilizing our comparable store sales and operating income rate. in our domestic segment, comparable stores were nearly flat for fiscal 2014 (12-month). domestic operating income increased in fiscal 2014 (12-month); however, this was driven by lcd-related legal settlements and lower restructuring charges. excluding these items, our operating income rate decreased primarily due to a lower gross profit rate, which was only partially offset by cost reduction initiatives and tighter expense management.
the components of the 7.9% revenue increase in the domestic segment in fiscal 2014 (12-month) were as follows:
extra month of revenue(1)    8.2   %
net store changes           (0.2   )%
comparable sales impact     (0.1   )%
total revenue increase       7.9   %
(1)   represents the incremental revenue in fiscal 2014, which had 12 months of activity compared to 11 months in fiscal 2013 as a result of our fiscal year-end change. refer to note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
the decrease in revenue from net store changes was primarily due to the closure of 47 large-format best buy branded stores in the second and third quarter of fiscal 2013 (11-month). the opening and closing of small-format best buy mobile stores had a significantly smaller impact given their smaller size and limited category focus compared to our large-format stores.
the following table presents the domestic segment's revenue mix percentages and comparable store sales percentage changes by revenue category in fiscal 2014 (12-month) and 2013 (11-month):
revenue mix summary                            comparable store sales summary
12 months ended             11 months ended            12 months ended                11 months ended february 1, 2014            february 2, 2013           february 1, 2014               february 2, 2013
consumer electronics(1)                30   %                      32          %            (5.6   )%                      (8.0   )%
computing and mobile phones(1)         48   %                      45          %             4.7   %                        7.4   %
entertainment                           8   %                      10          %           (16.3   )%                     (21.4   )%
appliances                              7   %                       6          %            16.7   %                       10.1   %
services                                6   %                       6          %             0.2   %                        0.8   %
other                                   1   %                       1          %             n/a                            n/a total                                 100   %                     100          %            (0.4   )%                      (1.7   )%
34
(1)   in fiscal 2014, e-readers were moved from the "consumer electronics" revenue category to "computing and mobile phones" to reflect the continued convergence of their features with tablets and other computing devices.
the following is a description of the notable comparable sales changes in our domestic segment by revenue category:
•   consumer electronics: the 5.6% comparable sales decline was primarily due to industry declines driven by device convergence with smartphones and tablets, which has negatively impacted sales of digital imaging products, particularly compact cameras and camcorders, mp3 devices and accessories, and gps navigation products.
•   computing and mobile phones: the 4.7% comparable sales gain primarily resulted from growth in mobile phones in the first three quarters of fiscal 2014 (12-month), which was partially due to successful promotions and an increased sales mix into higher-priced smartphones. in addition, we experienced a comparable store sales gain in computing driven by growth in the second half of fiscal 2014 (12-month) as a result of improved inventory availability.
•   entertainment: the 16.3% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by weak gaming sales in the first three quarters as consumers awaited the launch of new platforms in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 (12-month), as well as declines in movies and music as consumers continue to shift from physical media to digital consumption.
•   appliances: the 16.7% comparable sales gain was a result of strong performance throughout fiscal 2014 (12-month) due to effective promotions, the addition of appliance specialists in select stores, the expansion of the small appliances category and the positive impact of pacific kitchen &amp; home store-within-a-store concepts.
•   services: the 0.2% comparable sales gain was primarily due to growth in mobile phone repair services, offset by a decline in warranty services due to the prior-year benefit from a periodic profit sharing payment that was earned based on the long-term performance of our externally managed extended service plan portfolio that did not recur in fiscal 2014 (12-month).
our domestic segment experienced an increase in gross profit of $485 million, or 6.2%, in fiscal 2014 (12-month) compared to fiscal 2013 (11-month), driven by the extra month of activity. excluding the extra month, gross profit declined due to a decline in the gross profit rate and lower revenue. the 0.3% of revenue decrease in the gross profit rate resulted primarily from a greater investment in price competitiveness and increased product warranty-related costs associated with higher claims frequency in mobile phones. these items were partially offset by lcd-related legal settlements, the realization of renew blue cost reductions and other supply chain cost containment initiatives and the accelerated recognition of previously deferred revenue associated with our prior credit card agreement.
our domestic segment's sg&a increased $278 million, or 4.1%, in fiscal 2014 (12-month) compared to fiscal 2013 (11-month). excluding the extra month of activity, sg&a decreased primarily from the realization of our renew blue cost reduction initiatives, tighter expense management throughout the company and, to a lesser extent, the impact of store closures in fiscal 2013 (11-month). these decreases were partially offset by renew blue investments, including optimization of our retail floor space and the re-platforming of and functionality enhancements to bestbuy.com. these factors also contributed to the 0.7% of revenue decline in the sg&a rate.
our domestic segment recorded $123 million of restructuring charges in fiscal 2014 (12-month), primarily related to employee termination benefits as a result of renew blue cost reduction initiatives. these restructuring charges resulted in a decrease in our operating income in fiscal 2014 (12-month) of 0.3% of revenue. in fiscal 2013 (11-month) our domestic segment recorded restructuring charges of $328 million, which included $1 million of inventory write-downs included in cost of goods sold. the restructuring charges related to our renew blue and first quarter fiscal 2013 u.s. restructuring activities and consisted primarily of facility closure costs, employee termination benefits and asset impairments. these restructuring charges resulted in a decrease in our operating income in fiscal 2013 (11-month) of 1.0% of revenue. refer to note 4, restructuring charges, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our restructuring activities.
our domestic segment's operating income increased $414 million, or 1.0% of revenue, in fiscal 2014 (12-month) compared to fiscal 2013 (11-month). excluding the extra month of activity, operating income increased primarily due to lower sg&a expenses and a decrease in restructuring, partially offset by lower gross profit as described above.
35
international the following table presents selected financial data for our international segment for each of the past three fiscal years ($ in millions):
12-month             12-month             11-month international segment performance summary                 2015                 2014                 2013
revenue                                            $4,284               $4,780               $5,030
revenue % decline(1)                                (10.4   )%            (5.0   )%           (13.7   )%
comparable sales % decline                           (3.5   )%            (5.1   )%            (9.1   )%
gross profit                                         $967               $1,125               $1,234
gross profit as a % of revenue                       22.6    %            23.5    %            24.5    %
sg&amp;a                                             $953               $1,100               $1,177
sg&amp;a as a % of revenue                           22.2    %            23.0    %            23.4    %
restructuring charges                                  $1                  $26                  $87
goodwill impairments                                   $-                   $-                 $611
operating income (loss)                               $13                  $(1    )           $(641    )
operating income (loss) as a % of revenue             0.3    %               -    %           (12.7   )%
(1) the revenue % decline for fiscal 2013 (11-month) is compared to the 12-month fiscal year 2012.
the following table reconciles our international segment stores open at the end of each of the last three fiscal years:
fiscal 2013 (11-month)                                                                           fiscal 2014                                                                          fiscal 2015
total storesat end offiscal year          storesopened       storesclosed             total storesat end offiscal year         storesopened       storesclosed             total storesat end offiscal year canada future shop                                       140                               -                (3       )                         137                              1                (5       )                         133
best buy                                           72                               -                -                                   72                              -                (1       )                          71
best buy mobile stand-alone                        49                               7                -                                   56                              -                -                                   56
mexico best buy                                           14                               3                -                                   17                              1                -                                   18
express                                             1                               1                -                                    2                              3                -                                    5
total international segment stores                276                              11                (3       )                         284                              5                (6       )                         283
fiscal 2015 results compared with fiscal 2014
our international segment experienced a decrease in revenue of 10.4% primarily driven by the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, a comparable sales decline of 3.5%, and the loss of revenue from store closures in canada.
the components of the international segment's 10.4% revenue decrease in fiscal 2015 (12-month) were as follows:
impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations    (6.4   )%
comparable sales impact                                  (3.4   )%
net store changes                                        (0.9   )%
non-comparable sales(1)                                   0.3   %
total revenue decrease                                  (10.4   )%
(1)   non-comparable sales reflects the impact of revenue streams not included within our comparable store sales calculation, such as certain credit card revenue, gift card breakage and sales of merchandise to wholesalers and dealers, as applicable.
36
the net closure of large-format stores in canada over the past 12 months contributed to the decrease in revenue associated with net store changes in our international segment in fiscal 2015. the addition of large and small-format stores in mexico partially offset this decrease.
the following table presents the international segment's revenue mix percentages and comparable store sales percentage changes by revenue category in fiscal 2015 and 2014:
revenue mix summary                       comparable store sales summary
12 months ended             12 months ended       12 months ended                12 months ended january 31, 2015            february 1, 2014      january 31, 2015               february 1, 2014
consumer electronics                30   %                      29          %       (5.1   )%                      (9.7   )%
computing and mobile phones         49   %                      50          %       (2.8   )%                      (1.7   )%
entertainment                        9   %                      10          %       (5.2   )%                      (9.3   )%
appliances                           5   %                       5          %       (0.5   )%                      (1.5   )%
services                             6   %                       6          %       (4.7   )%                      (6.3   )%
other                                1   %                  &lt;1%                   n/a                            n/a total                              100   %                     100          %       (3.5   )%                      (5.1   )%
the following is a description of the notable comparable sales changes in our international segment by revenue category:
•   consumer electronics: the 5.1% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by a decrease in sales of digital imaging products, televisions and mp3 devices. the declines in digital imaging products and mp3 devices were a result of device convergence and industry declines. the decrease in sales of televisions was due to overall market softness across the segment and competitive pressures in canada.
•   computing and mobile phones: the 2.8% comparable sales decline was caused primarily by a decrease in sales of tablets due to industry declines, partially offset by increased mobile phone sales.
•   entertainment: the 5.2% comparable sales decline was driven by a decrease in sales of movies and music as customers continue to shift from physical media to digital consumption, partially offset by gaming sales in canada due to the release of new gaming platforms in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014.
•   appliances: the 0.5% comparable sales decline was driven by mexico due to a decrease in sales of kitchen appliances, partially offset by appliance sales increases in canada from expansion of offerings and assortment.
•   services: the 4.7% comparable sales decline was due to a decrease in sales of warranties in canada driven by the overall comparable store sales decline in applicable hardware, particularly tablets and televisions.
our international segment experienced a gross profit decline of $158 million, or 14.0%, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, the decrease in gross profit was $88 million. the gross profit rate decline of 0.9% of revenue was driven by canada due to increased promotional activity and, to a lesser extent, higher revenue in the lower-margin gaming category.
our international segment's sg&a decreased $147 million, or 13.4%, in fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year. excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, the decrease in sg&a was $81 million. in addition, the sg&a rate decreased by 0.8% of revenue in fiscal 2015. the decrease in sg&a and sg&a rate was primarily driven by renew blue cost reductions and store closures in canada.
our international segment recorded $1 million of restructuring charges in fiscal 2015 and incurred $26 million of restructuring charges in fiscal 2014. the restructuring charges had an immaterial impact on our operating income rate in fiscal 2015 and resulted in a decrease in our operating income rate in fiscal 2014 of 0.5% of revenue. refer to note 4, restructuring charges, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our restructuring activities.
our international segment operating income of $13 million in fiscal 2015 compared to a loss of $1 million in the prior-year period. the improvement in operating income was driven primarily by a decrease in sg&a, partially offset by a decrease in gross profit as described above.
37
fiscal 2014 (12-month) results compared with fiscal 2013 (11-month)
for purposes of this section, fiscal 2014 (12-month) represents the 12-month period ended february 1, 2014 and fiscal 2013 (11-month) represents the 11-month transition period ended february 2, 2013.
in fiscal 2014 (12-month), we experienced a comparable sales decline in canada, as sales were negatively impacted by lower industry demand for consumer electronics. we also started to implement our renew blue initiatives in our international segment in fiscal 2014 (12-month). while our international segment continues to experience revenue and gross profit challenges, we have made progress in stabilizing comparable sales and reducing sg&a expenses. increased promotional activity and a higher mix of lower-margin products in canada contributed to a decline in our gross profit rate. the sg&a rate decline was primarily driven by renew blue cost reductions and tighter expense management in canada and the elimination of expenses associated with previously closed stores in canada.
the components of the international segment's 5.0% revenue decrease in fiscal 2014 (12-month) were as follows:
comparable sales impact                                 (4.5   )%
impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations   (4.0   )%
net store changes                                       (2.4   )%
non-comparable sales(1)                                 (0.1   )%
extra month of revenue(2)                                6.0   %
total revenue decrease                                  (5.0   )%
(1)   non-comparable sales reflects the impact of revenue streams not included within our comparable sales calculation, such as certain credit card revenue, gift card breakage and sales of merchandise to wholesalers and dealers.
(2)   represents the incremental revenue in fiscal 2014, which had 12 months of activity compared to 11 months in fiscal 2013 as a result of our fiscal year-end change.
the closure of large-format stores in canada at the end of fiscal 2013 (11-month) contributed to the majority of the decrease in revenue associated with net store changes in our international segment in fiscal 2014 (12-month). the addition of large-format stores in mexico and small-format best buy mobile stand-alone stores in canada partially offset this decrease.
the following table presents the international segment's revenue mix percentages and comparable store sales percentage changes by revenue category in fiscal 2014 (12-month) and 2013 (11-month):
revenue mix summary                       comparable store sales summary
12 months ended             11 months ended       12 months ended                11 months ended february 1, 2014            february 2, 2013      february 1, 2014               february 2, 2013
consumer electronics(1)                29   %                      32          %       (9.7   )%                     (14.9   )%
computing and mobile phones(1)         50   %                      47          %       (1.7   )%                      (2.7   )%
entertainment                          10   %                      10          %       (9.3   )%                     (17.4   )%
appliances                              5   %                       5          %       (1.5   )%                      (6.2   )%
services                                6   %                       6          %       (6.3   )%                     (10.7   )%
other                              &lt;1%                      &lt;1%                   n/a                            n/a total                                 100   %                     100          %       (5.1   )%                      (9.1   )%
(1)   in fiscal 2014, e-readers were moved from the "consumer electronics" revenue category to "computing and mobile phones" to reflect the continued convergence of their features with tablets and other computing devices.
the following is a description of the notable comparable sales changes in our international segment by revenue category:
•   consumer electronics: the 9.7% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by a decrease in sales of televisions, digital imaging products and mp3 devices and accessories. the declines in digital imaging products and mp3 devices and accessories were a result of device convergence, similar to trends seen in the domestic segment.
•   computing and mobile phones: the 1.7% comparable sales decline was caused primarily by a decrease in sales of computers and computer accessories, partially offset by increased tablet sales.
38
•   entertainment: the 9.3% comparable sales decline, principally in canada, reflected a decrease in sales of movies due to a lack of new releases and weak gaming sales in the first three quarters, as consumers awaited the launch of new platforms in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 (12-month).
•   appliances: the 1.5% comparable sales decline was primarily due to a decline in sales of kitchen and laundry appliances in canada.
•   services: the 6.3% comparable sales decline was primarily due to a decrease in sales of extended warranties in canada driven by the overall comparable store sales decline and a change in product mix, particularly in televisions.
our international segment experienced a gross profit decline of $109 million, or 8.8%, in fiscal 2014 (12-month), driven primarily by a revenue decline in canada and a decrease in the gross profit rate, which were partially offset by an extra month of activity. the 1.0% of revenue decrease in the gross profit rate was driven by increased promotional activity and an increased mix of lower-margin products, primarily in canada.
our international segment's sg&a decreased $77 million, or 6.5%, in fiscal 2014 (12-month) due to savings from previous store closures in canada and china and renew blue cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by an extra month of activity. the sg&a rate also decreased by 0.4% of revenue as a result of the aforementioned factors.
our international segment recorded $26 million and $87 million of restructuring charges in fiscal 2014 (12-month) and 2013 (11-month), respectively. the fiscal 2014 (12-month) restructuring charges primarily related to employee termination benefits as a result of renew blue cost reduction initiatives. the restructuring charges in fiscal 2013 (11-month) also related to our renew blue initiatives and consisted of facility closure costs, property and equipment impairments and employee termination benefits. these restructuring charges resulted in a decrease in our operating income in fiscal 2014 (12-month) and fiscal 2013 (11-month) of 0.5% of revenue and 1.7% of revenue, respectively. refer to note 4, restructuring charges, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our restructuring activities.
during fiscal 2014 (12-month), we recorded no goodwill impairment charges compared to $611 million in fiscal 2013 (11-month). refer to note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information about the fiscal 2013 (11-month) goodwill impairment.
the decrease in the international segment's operating loss in fiscal 2014 (12-month) was primarily due to the decreased goodwill impairment and restructuring charges, partially offset by a decrease in gross profit.
additional consolidated results other income (expense)
in fiscal 2015, we recognized a gain of $13 million due to the sale of available-for-sale and cost-based investments. in fiscal 2014, we recognized a gain of $20 million in connection with the sale of cost-based investments.
in fiscal 2015, our investment income and other was $14 million, compared to $19 million in the prior year. the decrease in fiscal 2015 was due to lower returns on our deferred compensation assets, partially offset by an increase in interest income driven by higher average cash and cash equivalents and short-term investment balances. in fiscal 2014 (12-month), our investment income and other was $19 million, compared to $13 million in fiscal 2013 (11-month). the increase in fiscal 2014 (12-month) was primarily due to higher average cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments balances.
interest expense was $90 million in fiscal 2015, compared to $100 million in fiscal 2014. the decrease in interest expense was primarily due to replacing our previous 2013 notes that bore interest at 6.75% with 2018 notes that bear interest at 5.00% in the middle of fiscal 2014. interest expense was $100 million in fiscal 2014 (12-month), compared to $99 million in fiscal 2013 (11-month). the relatively flat interest expense was the result of an extra month of expense in fiscal 2014 (12-month), offset by a decrease in interest expense as a result of replacing our previous 2013 notes with 2018 notes.
income tax expense income tax expense decreased to $141 million in fiscal 2015, compared to a tax expense of $388 million in the prior year, primarily due to a $353 million discrete benefit related to reorganizing certain european legal entities, partially offset by an increase in pre-tax earnings in the current-year period. our effective income tax rate ("etr") for fiscal 2015 was 10.1%, compared to a rate of 35.8% in fiscal 2014. excluding the impact of reorganizing certain european legal entities, the etr
39
would have been 35.6% in fiscal 2015. refer to note 10, income taxes, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
income tax expense increased to $388 million in fiscal 2014 (12-month), compared to a tax expense of $263 million in the prior-year period. our etr was 35.8% in fiscal 2014 (12-month), compared to 7,152.3% in fiscal 2013 (11-month). excluding the impact of the goodwill impairments (which are not tax deductible), the etr would have been 42.6% in fiscal 2013 (11-month). the etr in fiscal 2014 (12-month) was lower than in fiscal 2013 (11-month), excluding the goodwill impairments, as fiscal 2013 (11-month) was higher than normal as a result of decreased tax benefits from foreign operations, which were due primarily to a decrease in foreign earnings and a valuation allowance on u.s. federal foreign tax credits.
our consolidated effective tax rate is impacted by the statutory income tax rates applicable to each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. as our foreign earnings are generally taxed at lower statutory rates than the 35% u.s. federal statutory rate, changes in the proportion of our consolidated taxable earnings originating in foreign jurisdictions impact our consolidated effective rate. our foreign earnings have been indefinitely reinvested outside the u.s. and are not subject to current u.s. income tax.
discontinued operations discontinued operations consists primarily of best buy europe and five star in our international segment, as well as mindshift in our domestic segment.
the loss from discontinued operations was $11 million in fiscal 2015 compared to a loss of $172 million in fiscal 2014. the decrease in the loss year-over-year was primarily due to the impairment of our investment in best buy europe, as well as the loss on the sale of mindshift in fiscal 2014. the loss from discontinued operations of $172 million in fiscal 2014 (12-month) compared to a loss of $161 million in fiscal 2013 (11-month). the loss in fiscal 2013 (11-month) was primarily due to the write-off of goodwill related to our five star reporting unit.
impact of inflation and changing prices highly competitive market conditions and the general economic environment minimized inflation's impact on the selling prices of our products and services and on our expenses. in addition, price deflation and the continued commoditization of certain technology products limited our ability to increase our gross profit rate.
non-gaap financial measures the periods used for analysis of non-gaap financial performance represent the periods that management used internally to assess performance. as a result of the change in our fiscal year in fiscal 2013, some of the periods included in this section of our md&a differ from the audited periods included in our consolidated statements of earnings, and as such, these periods are also different than those analyzed within the results of operations section of the md&a.
40
the following table reconciles operating income, net earnings and diluted earnings per share for the periods presented from continuing operations (gaap financial measures) to non-gaap operating income, non-gaap net earnings and non-gaap diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (non-gaap financial measures) for the periods presented ($ in millions, except per share amounts).
12-month(1)
2015                2014                 2013
(recast)
operating income                                                              $1,450              $1,144                $391
restructuring charges - cost of goods sold                                         -                   -                   1
net lcd settlements(2)                                                             -                (229   )               -
non-restructuring asset impairments                                               42                  99                  49
restructuring charges                                                              5                 149                 420
goodwill impairments                                                               -                   -                 613
non-gaap operating income                                                     $1,497              $1,163              $1,474
net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                $1,246                $695                $(54    )
after-tax impact of restructuring charges - cost of goods sold                     -                   -                   1
after-tax impact of net lcd settlements(2)                                         -                (142   )               -
after-tax impact of non-restructuring asset impairments                           28                  67                  33
after-tax impact of restructuring charges                                          4                  95                 271
after-tax impact of goodwill impairments                                           -                   -                 612
after-tax impact of gain on sale of investments                                   (7   )             (12   )               -
income tax impact of best buy europe sale(3)                                       -                  18                   -
income tax impact of europe legal entity reorganization(4)                     $(353   )              $-                  $-
adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                $918                $721                $863
diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations                   $3.53               $2.00              $(0.16    )
per share impact of restructuring charges - cost of goods sold                     -                   -                   -
per share impact of net lcd settlements(2)                                         -               (0.41   )               -
per share impact of non-restructuring asset impairments                         0.08                0.19                0.10
per share impact of restructuring charges                                       0.01                0.28                0.80
per share impact of goodwill impairments                                           -                   -                1.80
per share impact of gain on sale of investments                                (0.02   )           (0.04   )               -
per share income tax impact of best buy europe sale(3)                             -                0.05                   -
per share income tax effect of europe legal entity reorganization(4)           (1.00   )               -                   -
adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations                 $2.60               $2.07               $2.54
(1)   the 12-month periods represent: the 12-months ended january 31, 2015 ("2015"); the 12-months ended february 1, 2014 ("2014"); and the recast 12-months ended february 2, 2013 ("2013"). 2015 and 2014 included 52 weeks, while 2013 included 53 weeks.
(2)   amounts for 2014 exclude the pre-tax impact of $44 million of net proceeds from lcd settlements reached in the first quarter of fiscal 2014, as we did not adjust for lcd settlements prior to the material settlements reached in the second quarter of fiscal 2014.
(3)   represents the tax impact of the best buy europe sale and resulting required tax allocation between continuing and discontinued operations.
(4)   represents the acceleration of a non-cash tax benefit of $353 million as a result of reorganizing certain european legal entities to simplify our overall structure in the first quarter of fiscal 2015.
non-gaap operating income increased $334 million in 2015 compared to 2014, and non-gaap operating income as a percent of revenue increased to 3.7%. the increase in non-gaap operating income was driven by sg&a cost reductions in both segments primarily due to the realization of our renew blue cost reduction initiatives and tighter expense management, partially offset by a decline in revenue in our international segment. the increase in non-gaap operating income resulted in a
41
year-over-year increase in non-gaap net earnings from continuing operations and non-gaap diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in 2015 compared to the prior-year period.
in 2014, non-gaap operating income decreased $311 million compared to 2013. the decrease in non-gaap operating income was primarily driven by the extra week of operations in 2013 and a decrease in the gross profit rate (adjusted to exclude lcd-related legal settlements in the second quarter of 2014). this decrease was partially offset by lower sg&a spending due to the realization of renew blue cost reduction initiatives and tighter expense management in both the domestic and international segments. these same factors contributed to the year-over-year decreases in non-gaap net earnings from continuing operations and non-gaap diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in 2014 compared to the prior-year period.
liquidity and capital resources summary we closely manage our liquidity and capital resources. our liquidity requirements depend on key variables, including the level of investment required to support our business strategies, the performance of our business, capital expenditures, credit facilities and short-term borrowing arrangements and working capital management. capital expenditures are a component of our cash flow and capital management strategy which, to a large extent, we can adjust in response to economic and other changes in our business environment. we have a disciplined approach to capital allocation, which focuses on investing in key priorities that support our renew blue transformation.
the following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments at january 31, 2015 and february 1, 2014 ($ in millions):
january 31, 2015          february 1, 2014
cash and cash equivalents                                                 $2,432                    $2,678
short-term investments                                                     1,456   223
total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments                $3,888                    $2,901
the increase in cash and cash equivalents from february 1, 2014, was primarily due to cash generated from operating activities, partially offset by capital expenditures and dividend payments.
working capital, the excess of current assets over current liabilities, was $4.0 billion at january 31, 2015, an increase from $3.0 billion at february 1, 2014.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for each of the past three fiscal years ($ in millions):
12-month             12-month             11-month
2015                                                                              2014   2013
total cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                  $1,935               $1,094               $1,454
investing activities                                  (1,712    )            (517    )            (538    )
financing activities                                    (223    )             319                 (211    )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash                  (52    )             (44    )              (4    )
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents        $(52    )            $852                 $701
operating activities the increase in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 was primarily due to improved management of working capital in fiscal 2015. additionally, in fiscal 2014 there were larger cash outflows from accounts payable, following unusually high balances at the end of fiscal 2013 due to timing of inventory receipts and payments.
42
the decrease in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2014 (12-month) compared to fiscal 2013 (11-month) was primarily due to increased cash outflows for accounts payable, partially offset by improved inventory management and increased cash inflow from receivables.
investing activities the increase in cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 was primarily due to increased purchases of short-term investments in fiscal 2015.
the decrease in cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2014 (12-month) compared to fiscal 2013 (11-month) was primarily due to lower capital expenditures and proceeds from the disposition of mindshift, partially offset by purchases of short-term investments in fiscal 2014 (12-month).
financing activities the decrease in cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 was primarily due to decreased borrowing and decreased proceeds from the issuance of common stock, primarily from the exercise of employee stock options.
the increase in cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2014 (12-month) compared to fiscal 2013 (11-month) was primarily due to increased borrowing, increased proceeds from the issuance of common stock, primarily from the exercise of employee stock options, and the lack of share repurchases in fiscal 2014 (12-month).
sources of liquidity funds generated by operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and our credit facilities are our most significant sources of liquidity. we believe our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to sustain operations and to finance anticipated capital investments and strategic initiatives. however, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to limit our spending. there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our existing credit facilities or obtain additional financing, if necessary, on favorable terms.
on june 30, 2014, we entered into a new $1.25 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "five-year facility agreement") with a syndicate of banks that expires in june 2019. the five-year facility agreement replaced the previous $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, which was originally scheduled to expire in october 2016, but was terminated on june 30, 2014. at january 31, 2015, we had no borrowings outstanding under the five-year facility agreement. refer to note 5, debt, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our credit facilities.
our ability to access our revolving credit facility under the five-year facility agreement is subject to our compliance with the terms and conditions of the facility, including financial covenants. the financial covenants require us to maintain certain financial ratios. at january 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all such financial covenants. if an event of default were to occur with respect to any of our other debt, it would likely constitute an event of default under our facilities as well.
an interest coverage ratio represents the ratio of pre-tax earnings before fixed charges (interest expense and the interest portion of rent expense) to fixed charges. our interest coverage ratio, calculated as reported in exhibit no. 12.1 of this annual report on form 10-k, was 5.08 and 4.06 in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.
our credit ratings and outlooks at march 23, 2015, are summarized below. on september 3, 2014, fitch ratings limited ("fitch") upgraded its long-term credit rating from bb- to bb with a stable outlook. on july 2, 2014, moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's") reaffirmed its baa2 long-term credit rating and changed its outlook from negative to stable. the rating and outlook from standard & poor's rating services ("standard & poor's") remain consistent with those disclosed in our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended february 1, 2014.
rating agency           rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's   bb       stable moody's                 baa2     stable fitch                   bb       stable
43
credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically and, therefore, the credit rating assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time. accordingly, we are not able to predict whether our current credit ratings will remain as disclosed above. factors that can affect our credit ratings include changes in our operating performance, the economic environment, conditions in the retail and consumer electronics industries, our financial position and changes in our business strategy. if further changes in our credit ratings were to occur, they could impact, among other things, interest costs for certain of our credit facilities, our future borrowing costs, access to capital markets, vendor financing terms and future new-store leasing costs.
restricted cash our liquidity is also affected by restricted cash balances that are pledged as collateral or restricted to use for general liability insurance and workers' compensation insurance. restricted cash and cash equivalents related to our continuing operations, which are included in other current assets, remained flat at $184 million and $182 million at january 31, 2015, and february 1, 2014, respectively.
capital expenditures our capital expenditures typically include investments in our stores, distribution capabilities and information technology enhancements (including e-commerce). during fiscal 2015, we invested $551 million (excluding five star) in property and equipment, primarily related to upgrading our information technology systems and capabilities, and store-related projects.
the following table presents our capital expenditures for each of the past three fiscal years ($ in millions):
12-month           12-month           11-month
2015                                                               2014               2013
new stores                                   $3                 $8                $49
store-related projects(1)                   177                110                149
e-commerce and information technology       355                350                329
other                                        16                  9                 47
total capital expenditures(2)(3)           $551               $477               $574
(1)   includes store remodels and various merchandising projects.
(2)   excludes $10 million, $70 million, and $131 million for fiscal 2015 (12-month), fiscal 2014 (12-month) and 2013 (11-month), respectively, related to five star and best buy europe.
(3)   total capital expenditures exclude non-cash capital expenditures of $14 million, $13 million and $29 million for fiscal 2015 (12-month), fiscal 2014 (12-month) and 2013 (11-month), respectively. non-cash capital expenditures are comprised of capitalized leases, as well as additions to property and equipment included in accounts payable.
in fiscal 2016 we estimate capital expenditures of approximately $650 million to $700 million, with the focus on retail store, e-commerce and information technology projects.
debt and capital we have $350 million principal amount of notes due march 15, 2016 (the "2016 notes"), $500 million principal amount of notes due august 1, 2018 (the "2018 notes") and $650 million principal amount of notes due march 15, 2021 (the "2021 notes"). refer to note 5, debt, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our 2016 notes, 2018 notes and 2021 notes.
other at january 31, 2015 and february 1, 2014, we had $69 million and $95 million, respectively, outstanding under financing lease obligations.
share repurchases and dividends from time to time, we repurchase our common stock in the open market pursuant to programs approved by our board. we may repurchase our common stock for a variety of reasons, such as acquiring shares to offset dilution related to equity-based
44
incentives, including stock options and our employee stock purchase plan, and optimizing our capital structure. we consider several factors in determining whether to make share repurchases including, among other things, our cash needs, the availability of funding, our future business plans and the market price of our stock. if we decide to make future share repurchases, we expect that cash provided by future operating activities, as well as available cash and cash equivalents, will be the sources of funding for our share repurchase program.
in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, we did not repurchase or retire any shares. in fiscal 2013 (11-month), we repurchased and retired 6.3 million shares at a cost of $122 million. at the end of fiscal 2015 (12-month), $4.0 billion of the $5.0 billion share repurchase program authorized by our board in june 2011 was available for future share repurchases. repurchased shares have been retired and constitute authorized but unissued shares.
in fiscal 2004, our board initiated the payment of a regular quarterly cash dividend on our common stock. a quarterly cash dividend has been paid in each subsequent quarter. the payment of cash dividends is subject to customary legal and contractual restrictions. during fiscal 2015, we made four cash dividend payments totaling $0.72 per share, or $251 million in the aggregate.
on march 3, 2015, we announced a plan to return capital to shareholders. the plan includes a special, one-time dividend of $0.51 per share, or approximately $180 million, and a 21% increase in our regular quarterly dividend to $0.23 per share. we plan to resume share repurchases under the june 2011 program, with the intent to repurchase $1.0 billion in shares over the next three years.
other financial measures our debt to earnings ratio was 1.3 as of january 31, 2015, compared to 2.4 as of february 1, 2014, due primarily to an increase in net earnings in the 12 months ended january 31, 2015 compared to the prior year. our adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio, which includes capitalized operating lease obligations in its calculation, was 2.8 and 3.2 as of january 31, 2015 and february 1, 2014, respectively. the decrease in the ratio was due to a decrease in capitalized operating lease obligations and an increase in ebitdar.
our adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio is considered a non-gaap financial measure and should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, the most directly comparable ratio determined in accordance with gaap. we have included this information in our md&a as we view the adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio as an important indicator of our creditworthiness. furthermore, we believe that our adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio is important for understanding our financial position and provides meaningful additional information about our ability to service our long-term debt and other fixed obligations and to fund our future growth. we also believe our adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio is relevant because it enables investors to compare our indebtedness to that of retailers who own, rather than lease, their stores. our decision to own or lease real estate is based on an assessment of our financial liquidity, our capital structure, our desire to own or to lease the location, the owner's desire to own or to lease the location, and the alternative that results in the highest return to our shareholders.
our adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio is calculated as follows:
adjusted debt to ebitdar =   adjusted debt ebitdar the most directly comparable gaap financial measure to our adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio is our debt to net earnings ratio, which excludes capitalized operating lease obligations from debt in the numerator of the calculation and does not adjust net earnings in the denominator of the calculation.
45
the following table presents a reconciliation of our debt to net earnings ratio to our adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio for continuing operations ($ in millions):
2015(1)              2014(1)
debt (including current portion)(2)                                      $1,621               $1,657
capitalized operating lease obligations (8 times rental expense)(3)       6,653                6,781
adjusted debt                                                            $8,274               $8,438
net earnings from continuing operations                                  $1,246                 $695
interest expense, net                                                        63                   61
income tax expense                                                          141                  388
depreciation and amortization expense(4)                                    689                  667
rental expense                                                              832                  848
ebitdar                                                                  $2,971               $2,659
debt to net earnings ratio                                                  1.3                  2.4
adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio                                              2.8                  3.2
(1)   debt is reflected as of the balance sheet dates for each of the respective fiscal periods, while rental expense and the other components of ebitdar represent activity for the 12 months ended january 31, 2015 and february 1, 2014.
(2)   excludes debt related to our best buy europe operations. as described in note 2, discontinued operations, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, we sold our interest in best buy europe on june 26, 2013.
(3)   the multiple of eight times annual rental expense in the calculation of our capitalized operating lease obligations is the multiple used for the retail sector by one of the nationally recognized credit rating agencies that rate our creditworthiness, and we consider it to be an appropriate multiple for our lease portfolio.
(4)   depreciation and amortization expense includes impairments of fixed assets, investments and intangible assets (including impairments associated with our fiscal restructuring activities) and includes $229 million of net lcd-related legal settlements that occurred in the second quarter of fiscal 2014. amounts exclude the impact of net proceeds from lcd settlements of $44 million reached in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. we did not exclude lcd settlements prior to the material settlements reached in the second quarter of fiscal 2014.
off-balance-sheet arrangements and contractual obligations other than operating leases, we do not have any off-balance-sheet financing. a summary of our operating lease obligations by fiscal year is included in the "contractual obligations" table below. additional information regarding our operating leases is available in item 2, properties, and note 8, leases, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
the following table presents information regarding our contractual obligations by fiscal year ($ in millions):
payments due by period contractual obligations                      total             less than1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years            more than5 years long-term debt obligations(1)           $1,500                      $-                    $350                  $500                      $650
capital lease obligations                   52                      20                      16                     5                        11
financing lease obligations                 69                      21                      27                    12                         9
interest payments                          349                      81                     135                    90                        43
operating lease obligations(2)           3,876                     873                   1,412                   864                       727
purchase obligations(3)                  2,656                   2,004                     493                   103                        56
unrecognized tax benefits(4)               410
deferred compensation(5)                    44
total                                   $8,956                  $2,999                  $2,433                $1,574                    $1,496
note: for additional information refer to note 5, debt; note 8, leases; note 10, income taxes; and note 12, contingencies and commitments, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
(1)   represents principal amounts only and excludes interest rate swap valuation adjustments.
46
(2)   operating lease obligations do not include payments to landlords covering real estate taxes and common area maintenance. these charges, if included, would increase total operating lease obligations by $1.2 billion at january 31, 2015.
(3)   purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable, are legally binding and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations do not include agreements that are cancelable without penalty. additionally, although they are not legally binding agreements, we included open purchase orders in the table above. substantially all open purchase orders are fulfilled within 30 days.
(4)   unrecognized tax benefits relate to uncertain tax positions. as we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time, the related balances have not been reflected in the "payments due by period" section of the table.
(5)   included in long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet at january 31, 2015, was a $44 million obligation for deferred compensation. as the specific payment dates for the deferred compensation are unknown, the related balances have not been reflected in the "payments due by period" section of the table.
additionally, we have $1.25 billion in undrawn capacity on our credit facilities at january 31, 2015, which if drawn upon, would be included as short-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of our financial statements requires us to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. we base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. on a regular basis, we review the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with gaap. however, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.
our significant accounting policies are discussed in note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k. we believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. we have reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with the audit committee of our board.
except where noted, we have not made any material changes to the accounting methodologies for the areas described below.
inventory we value our inventory at the lower of cost or market through the establishment of markdown and inventory loss adjustments. markdown adjustments reflect the excess of the cost over the amount we expect to realize from the ultimate sale or other disposal of inventory and establish a new cost basis. subsequent changes in facts or circumstances do not result in the reversal of previously recorded markdowns or an increase in that newly established cost basis. markdown adjustments involve uncertainty because the calculations require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding inventory aging, forecast consumer demand, the promotional environment and technological obsolescence.
we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our markdowns. however, if estimates regarding consumer demand are inaccurate or changes in technology affect demand for certain products in an unforeseen manner, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. a 10% change in our markdown adjustment at january 31, 2015, would have affected net earnings by approximately $8 million in fiscal 2015.
inventory loss adjustments reflect anticipated physical inventory losses (e.g., due to theft) that have occurred since the last physical inventory. inventory loss adjustments involve uncertainty because the calculations require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding a number of factors, including historical results and current inventory loss trends. our inventory loss estimate is verified by ongoing physical inventory counts. historically, our annual physical inventory count results have shown our estimates to be reliable.
we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our inventory loss adjustment. however, if our estimates regarding physical inventory losses are inaccurate, we
47
may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. a 10% change in our physical inventory loss estimate at january 31, 2015, would have affected net earnings by approximately $6 million in fiscal 2015.
vendor allowances we receive allowances from certain vendors through a variety of programs and arrangements. we treat such allowances as an offset to the cost of the product or services provided. receipt-based funds represent one form of our vendor allowances. receipt-based funds are generally determined at an agreed percentage of purchases and are initially deferred and recorded as a reduction of merchandise inventories. the deferred amounts are then included as a reduction of cost of goods sold when the related product is sold. we estimate the amount of vendor funding to be deferred and recorded as a reduction of inventory at the end of each period based on detailed analysis of inventory turns and applicable vendor funding rates.
we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our vendor funding deferral. however, if actual results are not consistent with the assumptions and estimates used, we may be exposed to additional adjustments that could materially, either positively or negatively, impact our gross profit rate and inventory. a 10% difference in our vendor funding deferral at january 31, 2015, would have affected net earnings by approximately $20 million in fiscal 2015.
we also receive vendor allowances for attaining certain purchase levels. these vendor allowances are accrued as earned over the incentive period, based on estimates of purchases. amounts accrued throughout the program year could require adjustment if actual purchase volumes differ from projected purchase volumes, especially in the case of programs that provide for increased funding when graduated purchase volumes are met. we believe that our estimate of vendor allowances earned based on expected volume of purchases over the incentive period is an accurate reflection of the ultimate allowances to be received from our vendors. since most volume-based programs apply to a calendar year or our fiscal year, the amount of judgment required as of any fiscal year end is minimal.
long-lived assets long-lived assets other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges). if the sum of the estimated future cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset, we calculate an impairment loss. the impairment loss calculation compares the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated fair value, which is typically based on estimated discounted future cash flows. we recognize an impairment loss if the amount of the asset's carrying value exceeds the asset's estimated fair value. if we recognize an impairment loss, the adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis. for a depreciable long-lived asset, the new cost basis is depreciated over the remaining useful life of that asset.
when reviewing long-lived assets for impairment, we group long-lived assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. for long-lived assets deployed at store locations, we review for impairment at the individual store level. these reviews involve comparing the carrying value of all land, buildings, leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment located at each store to the net cash flow projections for each store. in addition, we conduct separate impairment reviews at other levels as appropriate. for example, a shared asset such as a distribution center would be evaluated by reference to the aggregate assets, liabilities and projected cash flows of all areas of the businesses utilizing those shared assets.
our impairment loss calculations involve uncertainty because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values, including estimating useful lives of the assets and selecting the discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows. if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to losses that could be material. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate long-lived asset impairment losses.
48
goodwill goodwill is not amortized but is evaluated for impairment annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.
we test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level, which is one level below the operating segment level. our detailed impairment testing involves comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. fair value reflects the price a market participant would be willing to pay in a potential sale of the reporting unit and is based on discounted cash flows or relative market-based approaches. if the fair value exceeds carrying value, then it is concluded that no goodwill impairment has occurred. if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a second step is required to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. the second step includes hypothetically valuing the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of the reporting unit as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. then, the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is compared to the carrying value of that goodwill. if the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value.
the carrying value of goodwill at january 31, 2015, was $425 million, which related entirely to our u.s. reporting unit. in fiscal 2015, we determined that the excess of fair value over carrying value was substantial. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to test for impairment losses on goodwill. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to an impairment charge that could be material.
tax contingencies our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of income and deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. at any time, many tax years are subject to audit by various tax authorities. in evaluating the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions, we may record a liability for such exposures. a number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which we have established a liability, is audited and fully resolved or clarified. we adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits and income tax provisions in the period in which an uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations expires for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position or when more information becomes available.
our liability for unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions.
our effective income tax rate is also affected by changes in tax law, the tax jurisdiction of new stores or business ventures, the level of earnings and the results of tax audits.
although we believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may reduce our effective income tax rate and would be recognized in the period of resolution.
revenue recognition the following accounting estimates relating to revenue recognition contain uncertainty because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding the effects of future events.
returns - we recognize revenue, net of estimated returns, at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise or receives services. we estimate the liability for sales returns with a corresponding reduction to revenue and cost of sales based on historical return data. we believe that our estimate for sales returns is a reasonable reflection of future returns. however, if our estimates are significantly below or above the actual return amounts, our reported revenue and cost of sales could be impacted.
49
gift cards - we sell gift cards to customers in our retail stores, through our websites and through selected third parties. a liability is initially established for the value of the gift card. we recognize revenue from gift cards when: (i) the card is redeemed by the customer, or (ii) the likelihood of the gift card being redeemed by the customer is remote ("gift card breakage"). we determine our gift card breakage rate based on historical redemption patterns, which show that after 24 months, we can determine the portion of the liability for which redemption is remote. our estimate of the amount and timing of redemptions of gift cards is based primarily on historical data.
customer loyalty programs - we have customer loyalty programs which allow members to earn points for each purchase completed or when using our co-branded credit cards. points earned enable members to receive a certificate that may be redeemed on future purchases. the value of points earned by our loyalty program members is included in accrued liabilities and recorded as a reduction in revenue at the time the points are earned, based on the value of points that are projected to be redeemed. our estimate of the amount and timing of redemptions of certificates is based primarily on historical data.
service contracts - we also sell service contracts for technical support, maintenance and other programs. revenue on service contracts is deferred at the time of purchase and recognized either (i) ratably over the term of the contract, or (ii) under a utilization model based on the consumption of services during the contract term compared with the total estimated services to be provided over the entire contract. our estimate of the services consumed under service contracts is based on historical data.
we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions of our revenue recognition critical accounting estimates. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
the following table presents the effect on net earnings from a 10% change in each of the estimates described above, as of january 31, 2015 ($ in millions):
returns   gift cards   customer loyalty   service contracts
$7        $23          $13                $10
costs associated with vacant leased property from time-to-time we vacate leased stores and other leased properties prior to the expiration of the related lease. for vacated locations with remaining lease commitments, we record a reserve for the difference between the present value of our future lease payments and related costs (e.g., real estate taxes and common area maintenance) less expected future sublease rental income, from the date we cease to use of the property through the end of the lease term.
our estimate of future cash flows is based on historical experience; our analysis of the specific real estate market, including input from independent real estate firms; and economic conditions. cash flows are discounted using a risk-free interest rate that coincides with the remaining lease term.
the liability recorded for vacant locations involves uncertainty because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the duration of future vacancy periods, the amount and timing of future settlement payments and the amount and timing of potential sublease rental income.
we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our vacant location liability. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. a 10% change in our vacant space reserve at january 31, 2015, would have affected net earnings by approximately $4 million in fiscal 2015.
stock-based compensation we have a stock-based compensation plan, which includes non-qualified stock options and nonvested share awards. we determine the fair value of our non-qualified stock option awards using option-pricing models. we determine the fair value of nonvested share awards with market conditions using monte-carlo simulation. we determine the fair value of nonvested share awards that vest based upon performance or time conditions at the closing market price of our stock, reduced by the present value of expected dividends during the vesting period where the recipient has no dividend rights. compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period for awards expected to vest. management's key assumptions are developed with input from independent third-party valuation advisors.
50
valuation techniques used require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to determine the fair value of our awards. these assumptions and judgments include estimating the future volatility of our stock price, expected dividend yield, future employee turnover rates and future employee stock option exercise behaviors and correlations between our returns and peer company returns. changes in these assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.
estimation of awards that will ultimately vest requires judgment of the amounts that will be forfeited due to failure to fulfill service conditions. to the extent actual results or updated estimates differ from our current estimates, such amounts are recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised. changes in estimates can materially affect compensation expense within individual periods.
estimates and assumptions are based upon information currently available, including historical experience and current business and economic conditions. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to changes in stock-based compensation expense that could be material. a 10% change in our stock-based compensation expense for the year ended january 31, 2015, would have affected net earnings by approximately $5 million in fiscal 2015.
self-insured liabilities we are self-insured for certain losses related to health, workers' compensation and general liability claims, as well as customer warranty programs, although we obtain third-party insurance coverage to limit our exposure to certain of these claims. when estimating our self-insured liabilities, we consider a number of factors, including historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and valuations provided by independent third-party actuaries. our self-insured liabilities involve uncertainty because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred, but not reported at the balance sheet date.
we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our self-insured liabilities. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. a 10% change in our self-insured liabilities at january 31, 2015, would have affected net earnings by approximately $7 million in fiscal 2015.
new accounting pronouncements in april 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) 2014-08, reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of components of an entity. the new guidance amends the definition of a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. the new guidance is effective prospectively beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. we do not expect adoption of the new guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, as a new topic, accounting standards codification (asc) topic 606. the new guidance provides a comprehensive framework for the analysis of revenue transactions and will apply to all of our revenue streams. based on the current effective dates, the new guidance would first apply in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. while we are still in the process of evaluating the effect of adoption on our financial statements, we do not currently expect a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
51
