item 1a.   risk factors

our business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by economic conditions that result in reduced insurer capacity.
our results of operations depend on the continued capacity of insurance carriers to underwrite risk and provide coverage, which depends in turn on those insurance companies’ ability to procure reinsurance. capacity could also be reduced by insurance companies failing or withdrawing from writing certain coverages that we offer our clients. we have no control over these matters. to the extent that reinsurance becomes less widely available, we may not be able to procure the amount or types of coverage that our customers desire and the coverage we are able to procure may be more expensive or limited.
11
our growth strategy depends in part on the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries, which may not be available on acceptable terms in the future and which, if consummated, may not be advantageous to us.
our growth strategy includes the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries. our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions, integrate acquired businesses into our operations, and expand into new markets requires us to implement and improve our operations and our financial and management information systems. integrated, acquired businesses may not achieve levels of revenues or profitability comparable to our existing operations, or otherwise perform as expected. in addition, we compete for acquisition and expansion opportunities with firms and banks that have substantially greater resources than we do. acquisitions also involve a number of special risks, such as: diversion of management’s attention; difficulties in the integration of acquired operations and retention of personnel; increase in expenses and working capital requirements, which could reduce our return on invested capital; entry into unfamiliar markets; unanticipated problems or legal liabilities; estimation of the acquisition earn-out payables; and tax and accounting issues, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations, financial condition and cash flows. post-acquisition deterioration of targets could also result in lower or negative earnings contribution and/or goodwill impairment charges.
inflation may adversely affect our business operations in the future.
given the current macroeconomic environment, it is possible that u.s. government actions, in the form of a monetary stimulus, a fiscal stimulus, or both, to the u.s. economy, could lead to inflationary conditions that would adversely affect our cost base, resulting in an increase in our employee compensation and benefits and our other operating expenses. this could harm our margins and profitability if we are unable to increase revenues or cut costs enough to offset the effects of inflation on our cost base.
because our business is highly concentrated in california, florida, georgia, illinois, indiana, kansas, massachusetts, michigan, new jersey, new york, north carolina, oregon, pennsylvania, texas, virginia and washington, adverse economic conditions, natural disasters, or regulatory changes in these states could adversely affect our financial condition.
a significant portion of our business is concentrated in california, florida, georgia, illinois, indiana, kansas, massachusetts, michigan, new jersey, new york, north carolina, oregon, pennsylvania, texas, virginia and washington. for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we derived $1,361.5 million or 86.4%, $1,163.8 million or 85.4% and $1,016.5 million or 84.8%, of our revenues, respectively, from our operations located in these states. we believe that these revenues are attributable predominately to customers in these states. we believe the current regulatory environment for insurance intermediaries in these states is no more restrictive than in other states. the insurance business is primarily a state-regulated industry, and therefore, state legislatures may enact laws that adversely affect the insurance industry. because our business is concentrated in the states identified above, we face greater exposure to unfavorable changes in regulatory conditions in those states than insurance intermediaries whose operations are more diversified through a greater number of states. in addition, the occurrence of adverse economic conditions, natural or other disasters, or other circumstances specific to or otherwise significantly impacting these states could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we are susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes (particularly in florida, where our headquarters are located and we maintain several offices), earthquakes (including california, where we maintain a relatively large number of offices), power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, fire, extreme weather conditions, geopolitical events such as terrorist acts and other natural or manmade disasters. our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. such coverage may not be adequate, or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.
we derive a significant portion of our commission revenues from a limited number of insurance companies, the loss of which could result in additional expense and loss of market share.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, no insurance company accounted for more than 7.0% of our total core commissions. for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, approximately 8.0% and 5.0% respectively, of our total core commissions were derived from insurance policies underwritten by one insurance company. should this insurance company seek to terminate their arrangements with us, we believe that other insurance companies are available to underwrite the business, and we could likely move our business to one of these other insurance companies, although some additional expense and loss of market share could possibly result.
12
our current market share may decrease as a result of increased competition from insurance companies and the financial services industry.
the insurance intermediary business is highly competitive and we actively compete with numerous firms for customers and insurance companies, many of which have relationships with insurance companies or have a significant presence in niche insurance markets that may give them an advantage over us. other competitive concerns may include the quality of our products and services, our pricing and the ability of some of our customers to self-insure. a number of insurance companies are engaged in the direct sale of insurance, primarily to individuals, and do not pay commissions to agents and brokers. in addition, and to the extent that banks, securities firms and insurance companies affiliate, the financial services industry may experience further consolidation, and we therefore may experience increased competition from insurance companies and the financial services industry, as a growing number of larger financial institutions increasingly, and aggressively, offer a wider variety of financial services, including insurance intermediary services.
quarterly and annual variations in our commissions that result from the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production may have unexpected effects on our results of operations.
our commission income (including profit-sharing contingent commissions and override commissions) can vary quarterly or annually due to the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production. we do not control the factors that cause these variations. specifically, customers’ demand for insurance products can influence the timing of renewals, new business and lost business (which includes policies that are not renewed), and cancellations. in addition, as discussed, we rely on insurance companies for the payment of certain commissions. because these payments are processed internally by these insurance companies, we may not receive a payment that is otherwise expected from a particular insurance company in a particular quarter or year until after the end of that period, which can adversely affect our ability to forecast these revenues and therefore budget for significant future expenditures. quarterly and annual fluctuations in revenues based on increases and decreases associated with the timing of policy renewals may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
profit-sharing contingent commissions are special revenue-sharing commissions paid by insurance companies based upon the profitability, volume and/or growth of the business placed with such companies during the prior year. we primarily receive these commissions in the first and second quarters of each year. these commissions generally have accounted for 4.3% to 4.4% of our previous year’s total annual revenues over the last three years. due to, among other things, potentially poor macroeconomic conditions, the inherent uncertainty of loss in our industry and changes in underwriting criteria due in part to the high loss ratios experienced by insurance companies, we cannot predict the payment of these profit-sharing contingent commissions. further, we have no control over the ability of insurance companies to estimate loss reserves, which affects our ability to make profit-sharing calculations. override commissions are paid by insurance companies based on the volume of business that we place with them and are generally paid over the course of the year. because profit-sharing contingent commissions and override commissions materially affect our revenues, any decrease in their payment to us could adversely affect the results of our operations and our financial condition.
consolidation in the industries that we serve could adversely affect our business.
companies that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. if two or more of our current customers merge or consolidate and combine their operations, it may decrease the overall amount of work that we perform for these customers. if one of our current customers merges or consolidates with a company that relies on another provider for its services, we may lose work from that customer or lose the opportunity to gain additional work. the increased market power of larger companies could also increase pricing and competitive pressures on us. any of these possible results of industry consolidation could adversely affect our business.
we could incur substantial losses from our cash and investment accounts if one of the financial institutions that we use fails or is taken over by the u.s. federal deposit insurance corporation (“fdic”).
we maintain cash and investment balances, including restricted cash held in premium trust accounts, at various depository institutions in amounts that are significantly in excess of the limits insured by the fdic. if one or more of the depository institutions with which we maintain significant cash balances were to fail, our ability to access these funds might be temporarily or permanently limited, and we could face material liquidity problems and potential material financial losses.
13
our business practices and compensation arrangements are subject to uncertainty due to investigations by governmental authorities and potential related private litigation.
the business practices and compensation arrangements of the insurance intermediary industry, including our practices and arrangements, are subject to uncertainty due to investigations by various governmental authorities. as disclosed in prior years, certain of our offices are parties to profit-sharing contingent commission agreements with certain insurance companies, including agreements providing for potential payment of revenue-sharing commissions by insurance companies based primarily on the overall profitability of the aggregate business written with those insurance companies and/or additional factors such as retention ratios and the overall volume of business that an office or offices place with those insurance companies. additionally, to a lesser extent, some of our offices are parties to override commission agreements with certain insurance companies, which provide for commission rates in excess of standard commission rates to be applied to specific lines of business, such as group health business, and which are based primarily on the overall volume of business that such office or offices placed with those insurance companies. the company has not chosen to discontinue receiving profit-sharing contingent commissions or override commissions. the legislatures of various states may adopt new laws addressing contingent commission arrangements, including laws prohibiting such arrangements, and addressing disclosure of such arrangements to insureds. various state departments of insurance may also adopt new regulations addressing these matters. while we cannot predict the outcome of the governmental inquiries and investigations into the insurance industry’s commission payment practices or the responses by the market and government regulators, any unfavorable resolution of these matters could adversely affect our results of operations. further, if such resolution included a material decrease in our profit-sharing contingent commissions and override commissions, it would likely adversely affect our results of operations.
we compete in a highly-regulated industry, which may result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations.
we conduct business in most states and are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by government agencies in the states in which we do business. the primary purpose of such regulation and supervision is to provide safeguards for policyholders rather than to protect the interests of our stockholders. as a result, such regulation and supervision could reduce our profitability or growth by increasing compliance costs, restricting the products or services we may sell, the markets we may enter, the methods by which we may sell our products and services, or the prices we may charge for our services and the form of compensation we may accept from our clients, carriers and third parties. the laws of the various state jurisdictions establish supervisory agencies with broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things, licensing of entities to transact business, licensing of agents, admittance of assets, regulating premium rates, approving policy forms, regulating unfair trade and claims practices, establishing reserve requirements and solvency standards, requiring participation in guarantee funds and shared market mechanisms, and restricting payment of dividends. also, in response to perceived excessive cost or inadequacy of available insurance, states have from time to time created state insurance funds and assigned risk pools, which compete directly, on a subsidized basis, with private insurance providers. we act as agents and brokers for such state insurance funds and assigned risk pools in california and certain other states. these state funds and pools could choose to reduce the sales or brokerage commissions we receive. any such reductions, in a state in which we have substantial operations, such as florida, california or new york, could substantially affect the profitability of our operations in such state, or cause us to change our marketing focus. further, state insurance regulators and the national association of insurance commissioners continually re-examine existing laws and regulations, and such re-examination may result in the enactment of insurance-related laws and regulations, or the issuance of interpretations thereof, that adversely affect our business. although we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable local, state and federal laws, rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that more restrictive laws, rules or regulations will not be adopted in the future that could make compliance more difficult or expensive. specifically, recently adopted federal financial services modernization legislation could lead to additional federal regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years, which could result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations.
proposed tort reform legislation, if enacted, could decrease demand for liability insurance, thereby reducing our commission revenues.
legislation concerning tort reform has been considered, from time to time, in the united states congress and in several state legislatures. among the provisions considered in such legislation have been limitations on damage awards, including punitive damages, and various restrictions applicable to class action lawsuits. enactment of these or similar provisions by congress, or by states in which we sell insurance, could reduce the demand for liability insurance policies or lead to a decrease in policy limits of such policies sold, thereby reducing our commission revenues.
14
changes in laws and regulations may increase our costs.
the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, as amended (“sarbanes-oxley”) and the dodd-frank act enacted in 2010 have required changes in some of our corporate governance, securities disclosure and compliance practices. in response to the requirements of these acts, the sec and the new york stock exchange have promulgated and will likely continue to promulgate new rules on a variety of subjects. these developments have increased (and may increase in the future) our compliance costs, may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors or qualified executive officers.
from time to time new regulations are enacted, or existing requirements are changed, and it is difficult to anticipate how such regulations and changes will be implemented and enforced. we continue to evaluate the necessary steps for compliance with regulations as they are enacted. legislative developments that could adversely affect us include: changes in our business compensation model as a result of regulatory developments (for example, the 2010 health care reform legislation); and federal and state governments establishing programs to provide health insurance or, in certain cases, property insurance in catastrophe-prone areas or other alternative market types of coverage, that compete with, or completely replace, insurance products offered by insurance carriers. also, as climate change issues become more prevalent, the u.s. and foreign governments are beginning to respond to these issues. this increasing governmental focus on climate change may result in new environmental regulations that may negatively affect us and our customers. this could cause us to incur additional direct costs in complying with any new environmental regulations, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. these costs may adversely impact our operations and financial condition.
healthcare reform and increased costs of current employees’ medical and other benefits could have a materially adverse effect on our business.
our profitability is affected by the cost of current employees’ medical and other benefits. in recent years, we have experienced significant increases in these costs as a result of economic factors beyond our control. although we have actively sought to contain increases in these costs, there can be no assurance we will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward pressure in these costs could reduce our profitability.
in addition, we believe that increased health care costs resulting from the 2010 health care reform bill could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to litigation which, if determined unfavorably to us, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we are and may be subject to a number of claims, regulatory actions and other proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. we cannot, and likely will not be able to, predict the outcome of these claims, actions and proceedings with certainty. an adverse outcome in connection with one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition in any given quarterly or annual period. in addition, regardless of monetary costs, these matters could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and cause harm to our carrier, customer or employee relationships, or divert personnel and management resources.
while we currently have insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, other potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of our insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. in addition, some types of damages, like punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance. insurance coverage for all or some forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future.
our business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by further changes in the u.s.-based credit markets.
although we are not currently experiencing any limitation of access to our revolving credit facility (which matures in 2019) and are not aware of any issues impacting the ability or willingness of our lenders under such facility to honor their commitments to extend us credit, the failure of a lender could adversely affect our ability to borrow on that facility, which over time could negatively impact our ability to consummate significant acquisitions or make other significant capital expenditures. tightening conditions in the credit markets in future years could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings or renewals or refinancing.
we also have a significant amount of trade accounts receivable from some insurance companies with which we place insurance. if those insurance companies were to experience liquidity problems or other financial difficulties, we could encounter delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
15
if we fail to comply with the covenants contained in certain of our agreements, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
the credit agreements that govern our debt contain various covenants and other limitations with which we must comply. at december 31, 2014, we were in compliance with the financial covenants and other limitations contained in each of these agreements. however, failure to comply with material provisions of our covenants in these agreements or other credit or similar agreements to which we may become a party could result in a default, rendering them unavailable to us and causing a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. in the event of certain defaults, the lenders thereunder would not be required to lend any additional amounts to or purchase any additional notes from us and could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable. if the indebtedness under these agreements or our other indebtedness, including the notes, were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full.
certain of our agreements contain various covenants that limit the discretion of our management in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities.
the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements may impact how we operate our business and prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities. in particular, among other covenants, the credit facility requires us to maintain a minimum ratio of consolidated ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), adjusted for certain transaction-related items (“consolidated ebitda”), to consolidated interest expense and a maximum ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to consolidated ebitda. our compliance with these covenants limits our management’s discretion in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities.
our credit ratings are subject to change.
our credit ratings are an assessment by rating agencies of our ability to pay our debts when due. consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of our securities. agency ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing agency. each agency’s rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency’s rating.
our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity may be materially adversely affected by errors and omissions and the outcome of certain actual and potential claims, lawsuits and proceedings.
we are subject to various actual and potential claims, lawsuits and other proceedings relating principally to alleged errors and omissions in connection with the placement or servicing of insurance and/or the provision of services in the ordinary course of business. because we often assist customers with matters involving substantial amounts of money, including the placement of insurance and the handling of related claims that customers may assert, errors and omissions claims against us may arise alleging potential liability for all or part of the amounts in question. also, the failure of an insurer with whom we place business could result in errors and omissions claims against us by our clients, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. claimants may seek large damage awards, and these claims may involve potentially significant legal costs, including punitive damages. such claims, lawsuits and other proceedings could, for example, include claims for damages based on allegations that our employees or sub-agents improperly failed to procure coverage, report claims on behalf of customers, provide insurance companies with complete and accurate information relating to the risks being insured or appropriately apply funds that we hold for our customers on a fiduciary basis. in addition, given the long-tail nature of professional liability claims, errors and omissions matters can relate to matters dating back many years. we have established provisions against these potential matters that we believe to be adequate in the light of current information and legal advice, and we adjust such provisions from time to time according to developments.
while most of the errors and omissions claims made against us (subject to our self-insured deductibles) have been covered by our professional indemnity insurance, our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected if, in the future, our insurance coverage proves to be inadequate or unavailable, or if there is an increase in liabilities for which we self-insure. our ability to obtain professional indemnity insurance in the amounts and with the deductibles we desire in the future may be adversely impacted by general developments in the market for such insurance or our own claims experience. in addition, claims, lawsuits and other proceedings may harm our reputation or divert management resources away from operating our business.
16
we have operations internationally, which may result in a number of additional risks and require more management time and expense than our domestic operations to achieve or maintain profitability.
we have operations in the united kingdom, hamilton, bermuda and george town, cayman islands. in the future, we intend to continue to consider additional international expansion opportunities. our international operations may be subject to a number of risks, including:
•   difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;

•   less flexible employee relationships, which may make it difficult and expensive to terminate employees and which limits our ability to prohibit employees from competing with us after their employment ceases;

•   political and economic instability (including acts of terrorism and outbreaks of war);

•   coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and multiple time zones;

•   unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws;

•   adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the u.s. or any of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;

•   adverse changes in tax rates;

•   legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices;

•   governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to us from our operations outside the united states; and

•   burdens of complying with a wide variety of labor practices and foreign laws, including those relating to export and import duties, environmental policies and privacy issues.

our inability to retain or hire qualified employees, as well as the loss of any of our executive officers, could negatively impact our ability to retain existing business and generate new business.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled and experienced personnel. there is significant competition from within the insurance industry and from businesses outside the industry for exceptional employees, especially in key positions. if we are not able to successfully attract, retain and motivate our employees, our business, financial results and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.
losing employees who manage or support substantial customer relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete customer engagements, which would adversely affect our results of operations. also, if any of our key professionals were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our customers could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services. while our key personnel are prohibited by contract from soliciting our employees and customers for a period of years following separation from employment with us, they are not prohibited from competing with us.
in addition, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior leaders and key executives. while we have succession plans in place and we have employment arrangements with certain key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of these executives will continue to be available to us. although we operate with a decentralized management system, the loss of our senior managers or other key personnel, or our inability to continue to identify, recruit and retain such personnel, could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
we are exposed to intangible asset risk; specifically, our goodwill may become impaired in the future.
as of the date of the filing of our annual report on form 10-k for the 2014 fiscal year, we have $2,460,610,929 of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. we perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our goodwill may not be recoverable from estimated future cash flows. we completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of november 30, 2014 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of such assets. a significant and sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate or slower growth rates could result in the need to perform an additional impairment analysis prior to the next annual goodwill impairment test. if we were to conclude that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, we would then record the appropriate charge, which could result in material charges that are adverse to our operating results and financial position. see note 1—“summary of significant accounting policies” and note 3—“goodwill” to the consolidated financial statements and “management’s report on internal control over financial reporting.”
17
additionally, the carrying value of amortizable intangible assets attributable to each business or asset group comprising brown & brown is periodically reviewed by management to determine if there are events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. accordingly, if there are any such circumstances that occur during the year, brown & brown assesses the carrying value of its amortizable intangible assets by considering the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated by the corresponding business or asset group. any impairment identified through this assessment may require that the carrying value of related amortizable intangible assets be adjusted; however, no impairments have been recorded for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
current u.s. economic conditions and the shift away from traditional insurance markets may continue to adversely affect our business.
from late 2007 through 2011, global consumer confidence had eroded amidst concerns over declining asset values, volatility in energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, high unemployment, and the stability and solvency of financial institutions, financial markets, businesses, and sovereign nations. those concerns slowed economic growth and resulted in a recession in the united states. economic conditions had a negative impact on our results of operations during the years 2008 through 2011 due to reduced customer demand. in 2012, the economic conditions in the middle-market economy appeared to stabilize, and a gradual improvement continued through 2013 and 2014. however, if these economic conditions worsen, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including declines in values of insurable exposure units, declines in insurance premium rates, and the financial insolvency, or reduced ability to pay, of certain of our customers. also, if general economic conditions are poor, some of our clients may cease operations completely or be acquired by other companies, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. if these clients are affected by poor economic conditions but yet remain in existence, they may face liquidity problems or other financial difficulties which could result in delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. any of these effects could decrease our net revenues and profitability.
in addition, there has been an increase in alternative insurance markets, such as self-insurance, captives, risk retention groups and non-insurance capital markets. while we compete in these segments on a fee-for-service basis, we cannot be certain that such alternative markets will provide the same level of profitability as traditional insurance markets.
there are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap. any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
the consolidated and condensed consolidated financial statements included in the periodic reports we file with the sec are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities and related reserves, revenues, expenses and income. estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently subject to change in the future, and any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and income, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
we have not determined the amount of resources and the time that may be necessary to adequately respond to rapid technological change in our industry, which may adversely affect our business and operating results.
frequent technological changes, new products and services and evolving industry standards are influencing the insurance business. the internet, for example, is increasingly used to securely transmit benefits and related information to customers and to facilitate business-to-business information exchange and transactions. we believe that the development and implementation of new technologies will require additional investment of our capital resources in the future. we have not determined, however, the amount of resources and the time that this development and implementation may require, which may result in short-term, unexpected interruptions to our business, or may result in a competitive disadvantage in price and/or efficiency, as we develop or implement new technologies.
18
our ability to conduct business would be negatively impacted in the event of an interruption in information technology and/or data security and/or outsourcing relationships.
our business relies on information systems to provide effective and efficient service to our customers, process claims, and timely and accurately report results to carriers. an interruption of our access to, or an inability to access, our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. if sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions.
computer viruses, hackers and other external hazards could expose our data systems to security breaches. these increased risks, and expanding regulatory requirements regarding data security, could expose us to data loss, monetary and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. while we have taken, and continue to take, actions to protect the security and privacy of our information, entirely eliminating all risk of improper access to private information is not possible.
we are taking steps to upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities. maintaining, protecting and enhancing these capabilities to keep pace with evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, requires an ongoing commitment of significant resources. if the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain effectively our information systems and data integrity, we could experience operational disruptions, regulatory or other legal problems, increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or suffer other adverse consequences.
our technological development projects may not deliver the benefits we expect once they are completed, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in the accelerated recognition of expenses. if we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology portfolio, or if the costs of doing so are higher than we expect, our ability to provide competitive services to new and existing customers in a cost-effective manner and our ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted.
improper disclosure of confidential information could negatively impact our business.
we are responsible for maintaining the security and privacy of our customers’ confidential and proprietary information and the personal data of their employees. we have put in place policies, procedures and technological safeguards designed to protect the security and privacy of this information, however, we cannot guarantee that this information will not be improperly disclosed or accessed. disclosure of this information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts and laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues.
further, privacy laws and regulations are continuously changing and often are inconsistent among the states in which we operate. our failure to adhere to or successfully implement procedures to respond to these requirements could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation.
certain of our existing stockholders have significant control of the company.
at december 31, 2014, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members collectively beneficially owned approximately 17.8% of our outstanding common stock, of which j. hyatt brown, our chairman, and his family members, which include his sons, j. powell brown, our president and chief executive officer and p. barrett brown, one of our senior vice presidents, beneficially owned approximately 16.0%. as a result, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members have significant influence over (1) the election of our board of directors, (2) the approval or disapproval of any other matters requiring stockholder approval, and (3) our affairs and policies.
19
due to inherent limitations, there can be no assurance that our system of disclosure and internal controls and procedures will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud, or in informing management of all material information in a timely manner.
our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system reflects that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. these inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur simply because of error or mistake. additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of a control.
the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.
if we receive other than an unqualified opinion on the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2014 and future year-ends as required by section 404 of sarbanes-oxley, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could result in a decrease in the value of our shares.
as directed by section 404 of sarbanes-oxley, the sec adopted rules requiring public companies to include an annual report on internal control over financial reporting on form 10-k that contains an assessment by management of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. we continuously conduct a rigorous review of our internal control over financial reporting in order to assure compliance with the section 404 requirements. however, if our independent auditors interpret the section 404 requirements and the related rules and regulations differently than we do, or if our independent auditors are not satisfied with our internal control over financial reporting or with the level at which it is documented, operated or reviewed, they may issue a report other than an unqualified opinion. a report other than an unqualified opinion could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements.
we may experience volatility in our stock price that could affect your investment.
the market price of our common stock may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to various factors, including: quarterly fluctuations in our operating results; changes in securities analysts’ estimates of our future earnings; changes in securities analysts’ predictions regarding the short-term and long-term future of our industry; and our loss of significant customers or significant business developments relating to us or our competitors. our common stock’s market price also may be affected by our ability to meet stock analysts’ earnings and other expectations. any failure to meet such expectations, even if minor, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. in addition, stock markets have generally experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market prices of equity securities of many listed companies have experienced wide price fluctuations not necessarily related to the operating performance of such companies. these broad market fluctuations may adversely affect our common stock’s market price. in the past, securities class action lawsuits frequently have been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of such companies’ securities. if any such litigation is initiated against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.

general the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
we are a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and services organization headquartered in daytona beach, florida. as an insurance intermediary, our principal sources of revenue are commissions paid by insurance companies and, to a lesser extent, fees paid directly by customers. commission revenues generally represent a percentage of the premium paid by an insured and are materially affected by fluctuations in both premium rate levels charged by insurance companies and the insureds’ underlying “insurable exposure units,” which are units that insurance companies use to measure or express insurance exposed to risk (such as property values, or sales and payroll levels) to determine what premium to charge the insured. insurance companies establish these premium rates based upon many factors, including reinsurance rates paid by such insurance companies, none of which we control.
the volume of business from new and existing customers, fluctuations in insurable exposure units and changes in general economic and competitive conditions all affect our revenues. for example, level rates of inflation or a general decline in economic activity could limit increases in the values of insurable exposure units. conversely, the increasing costs of litigation settlements and awards have caused some customers to seek higher levels of insurance coverage. historically, our revenues have typically grown as a result of our focus on net new business growth and acquisitions.
we foster a strong, decentralized sales culture with a goal of consistent, sustained growth over the long term.
we increased revenues every year from 1993 to 2014, with the exception of 2009, when our revenues dropped 1.0%. our revenues grew from $95.6 million in 1993 to $1.6 billion in 2014, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 14.2%. in the same 21 year period, we increased net income from $8.1 million to $206.9 million in 2014, a compound annual growth rate of 16.7%.
the years 2007 through 2011 posed significant challenges for us and for our industry in the form of a prevailing decline in insurance premium rates, commonly referred to as a “soft market” and increased significant governmental involvement in the florida insurance marketplace which resulted in a substantial loss of revenues for us. additionally, beginning in the second half of 2008 and throughout 2011, there was a general decline in insurable exposure units as the consequence of the general weakening of the economy in the united states. as a result, from the first quarter of 2007 through the fourth quarter of 2011 we experienced negative internal revenue growth each quarter. the continued declining exposure units during 2010 and 2011 had a greater negative impact on our commissions and fees revenues than declining insurance premium rates.
beginning in the first quarter of 2012, many insurance premium rates began to slightly increase. additionally, in the second quarter of 2012, the general declines in insurable exposure units started to flatten and these exposures units subsequently began to gradually increase during the year. as a result, we recorded positive internal revenue growth for each quarter of 2012 for each of our four segments with two exceptions; the first quarter for the retail segment and the third quarter for the national programs segment, in which declines of only 0.7% and 3.3%, respectively, were experienced.
this growth trend has continued into 2014 with our consolidated internal revenue growth rate of 2.0%. additionally, each of our four segments recorded positive internal revenue growth for each quarter in 2014 except for the services segment in the first quarter. the decline in the core organic commissions and fees revenues in the first quarter of 2014 for the services segment was the result of the significant revenue recorded at our colonial claims operation in the first quarter of 2013 attributable to superstorm sandy, for which no comparable revenues occurred in the first quarter of 2014. in the first quarter of 2013, colonial claims earned claims fees of $16.2 million as a direct result of the continued significant claims activity from superstorm sandy.
26
we also earn “profit-sharing contingent commissions,” which are profit-sharing commissions based primarily on underwriting results, but which may also reflect considerations for volume, growth and/or retention. these commissions are primarily received in the first and second quarters of each year, based on the aforementioned considerations for the prior year(s). over the last three years, profit-sharing contingent commissions have averaged approximately 4.3% of the previous year’s total commissions and fees revenue. profit-sharing contingent commissions are included in our total commissions and fees in the consolidated statements of income in the year received. the term “core commissions and fees” excludes profit-sharing contingent commissions and guaranteed supplemental commissions, and therefore represents the revenues earned directly from specific insurance policies sold, and specific fee-based services rendered. in contrast, the term “core organic commissions and fees” is our core commissions and fees less (i) the core commissions and fees earned for the first twelve months by newly-acquired operations and (ii) divested business (core commissions and fees generated from offices, books of business or niches sold or terminated during the comparable period). “core organic commissions and fees” are reported in this manner in order to express the current year’s core commissions and fees on a comparable basis with the prior year’s core commissions and fees. the resulting net change reflects the aggregate changes attributable to (i) net new and lost accounts, (ii) net changes in our clients’ exposure units, and (iii) net changes in insurance premium rates.
certain insurance companies offer guaranteed fixed-base agreements, referred to as “guaranteed supplemental commissions” (“gscs”) in lieu of profit –sharing contingent commissions. since gscs are not subject to the uncertainty of loss ratios, they are accrued throughout the year based on actual premiums written. as of december 31, 2014, we had $7.6 million of gsc revenue accrued and had earned $9.9 million of gscs during 2014, most of which will be collected in the first quarter of 2015. for the twelve-month periods ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we earned gscs of $9.9 million, $8.3 million and $9.1 million, respectively.
fee revenues relate to fees negotiated in lieu of commissions, which are recognized as services are rendered. fee revenues have historically been generated primarily by: (1) our services segment, which provides insurance-related services, including third-party claims administration and comprehensive medical utilization management services in both the workers’ compensation and all-lines liability arenas, as well as medicare set-aside services, social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services, and catastrophe claims adjusting services, and (2) our national programs and wholesale brokerage segments, which earn fees primarily for the issuance of insurance policies on behalf of insurance companies. these services are provided over a period of time, typically one year. however, in conjunction with our july 1, 2013 acquisition of beecher carlson, which has a primary focus on large retail customers that generally pay us fees directly, the fee revenues in our retail segment for 2014 have increased by $44.8 million to $117.8 million. also, with the acquisition of wright, which primarily receives income in the form of fees, fee revenue in our national programs segment increased $81.9 million to $152.8 million. fee revenues, on a consolidated basis, as a percentage of our total commissions and fees, represented 30.6% in 2014, 26.6% in 2013 and 21.7% in 2012.
historically, investment income has consisted primarily of interest earnings on premiums and advance premiums collected and held in a fiduciary capacity before being remitted to insurance companies. our policy is to invest available funds in high-quality, short-term fixed income investment securities. as a result of the bank liquidity and solvency issues in the united states in the last quarter of 2008, we moved substantial amounts of our cash into non-interest bearing checking accounts so that they would be fully insured by the federal deposit insurance corporation (“fdic”) or into money-market investment funds (a portion of which is fdic insured) of suntrust and wells fargo, two large national banks. effective january 1, 2013, the fdic ceased providing insurance guarantees on non-interest bearing checking accounts and since that time we have invested in both interest bearing and non-interest bearing checking accounts. investment income also includes gains and losses realized from the sale of investments. other income primarily reflects net gains on sales of customer accounts and fixed assets, but will also include sub-rental income, legal settlements and other miscellaneous income.
information regarding non-gaap measures in the discussion and analysis of our results of operations that follows, in addition to reporting financial results in accordance with gaap, as noted above, we provide information regarding core commissions and fees, core organic commissions and fees, and our internal growth rate, which is the growth rate of our core organic commissions and fees. these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to (including any adjusted internal growth rate), the gaap information provided in this annual report on form 10-k. tabular reconciliations of this supplemental non-gaap financial information to our most comparable gaap information is contained in this form 10-k. we present such non-gaap supplemental financial information, as we believe such information provides additional meaningful methods of evaluating certain aspects of our operating performance from period to period on a basis that may not be otherwise apparent on a gaap basis. this supplemental financial information should be considered in addition to, not in lieu of, our condensed consolidated financial statements.
27
current year company overview
2014 was a strong year for revenue growth and continued the positive trends that began in 2012. after the five-year period extending from 2007 to 2011, in which we experienced negative internal growth in our core organic commissions and fees revenue which we believe was a direct result of the general weakness of the economy, we achieved a positive internal revenue growth of 6.7% in 2013, and 2.0% in 2014.
the net growth in core organic commissions and fees in 2014 of $25.6 million is significantly less than the comparable growth in 2013 of $75.6 million, similar to the core organic commissions and fees in 2012 of $24.9 million and significantly better than the net lost revenues of $21.5 million in 2011. however, it should be noted that of the $75.6 million growth in the 2013 core organic commissions and fees, $38.1 million was generated by two new programs at our arrowhead operation, the automobile aftermarket program and the non-standard auto program, and from our colonial claims operation as a result of the significant claims activity attributable to superstorm sandy. the growth in the core organic commissions and fees revenue for 2014 is principally attributable to new business and increasing insurance exposure units as a result of a gradually improving u.s. economy.
income before income taxes in 2014 decreased over 2013 by 5.0%, or $17.9 million, to $339.7 million. however, that net decrease includes a $47.4 million pretax loss on disposal of certain assets of axiom re, lp (“axiom re”). this office sale was effective december 31, 2014 and represents part of our strategic plan to exit the reinsurance business. the loss associated with this sale resulted in a $0.21 reduction to earnings per share. income before income taxes related to new acquisitions was $37.5 million, and therefore, income before income taxes from offices that existed in the same time periods of 2014 and 2013 (including the new acquisitions that “folded in” to those offices) decreased by $55.4 million. the net decrease of $55.4 million related primarily to net new business off-set by the $47.4 million loss on the sale of axiom re, along with the decrease in revenue associated with claims from superstorm sandy received in 2013 with no comparable revenues in 2014, $27.7 million of higher compensation and benefits costs, increased interest costs of $12.0 million relating to additional debt used to fund acquisition activity in 2014, and $7.5 million from the change in estimated earn-out payables.
acquisitions approximately 37,500 independent insurance agencies are estimated to be operating currently in the united states. part of our continuing business strategy is to attract high-quality insurance intermediaries to join our operations. from 1993 through 2014, we acquired 459 insurance intermediary operations, excluding acquired books of business (customer accounts).
we continue to acquire insurance operations that we believe are strategic in growing our business segments. in each of the last two years, we completed ten acquisitions in 2014 with estimated revenues of $159.5 million, and nine acquisitions in 2013 with estimated revenues of $142.8 million.
a summary of our acquisitions over the last three years is as follows (in millions, except for number of acquisitions):
number of acquisitions     estimated      net cash   notes           other      recorded      net assets annual          paid   issued        payable      earn-out        acquired revenues                                             payable asset                   stock
2014           9                       1        $159.5        $721.9   $—               $1.9         $33.2          $757.0
2013           8                       1        $142.8        $408.1   $—               $0.5          $5.1          $413.7
2012          19                       1        $149.6        $483.9   $0.1            $25.4         $21.5          $530.9
on may 1, 2014, we completed the acquisition of wright which was previously announced january 15, 2014. wright has estimated annualized revenues of $120.0 million. the total cash paid for wright was $609.2 million. wright’s operations include a national flood insurance program, government-sponsored insurance programs and proprietary national and regional programs.
on july 1, 2013, we completed the acquisition of beecher carlson, an insurance and risk management broker with operations that include retail brokerage, program management and captive management. the aggregate purchase price for beecher carlson was $469.3 million, including $364.3 million of cash payments and the assumption of $105.0 million of liabilities. beecher carlson was acquired primarily to expand brown & brown’s retail and national programs businesses, and to attract and hire high-quality individuals.
28
on january 9, 2012, we completed the acquisition of arrowhead general insurance agency superholding corporation (“arrowhead”) pursuant to a merger agreement dated december 15, 2011 (the “merger agreement”). under the merger agreement, the total cash purchase price of $395.0 million was subject to adjustments for options to purchase shares of arrowhead’s common stock, working capital, sharing of net operating tax losses, arrowhead’s preferred stock units, transaction expenses, and closing debt. in addition, within 60 days following the third anniversary of the acquisition’s closing date, we will pay to certain persons who were arrowhead equityholders as of the closing date additional earn-out payments equal, collectively, to $5.0 million, subject to certain adjustments based on the “cumulative ebitda” of arrowhead and all of its subsidiaries, as calculated pursuant to the merger agreement, during the final year of the three-year period following the acquisition’s closing date.
arrowhead is a national insurance program manager and one of the largest managing general agents (“mgas”) in the property and casualty insurance industry.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. we continually evaluate our estimates, which are based on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities, which values are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
we believe that of our significant accounting and reporting policies, the more critical policies include our accounting for revenue recognition, business combinations and purchase price allocations, intangible asset impairments and reserves for litigation. in particular, the accounting for these areas requires significant judgments to be made by management. different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. refer to note 1 in the “notes to consolidated financial statements”.
revenue recognition commission revenues are recognized as of the effective date of the insurance policy or the date on which the policy premium is processed into our systems, whichever is later. commission revenues related to installment billings are recognized on the later of the date effective or invoiced, with the exception of our arrowhead business which follows a policy of recognizing on the later of the date effective or processed into our systems regardless of the billing arrangement. management determines the policy cancellation reserve based upon historical cancellation experience adjusted in accordance with known circumstances. subsequent commission adjustments are recognized upon our receipt of notification from insurance companies concerning matters necessitating such adjustments. profit-sharing contingent commissions are recognized when determinable, which is when such commissions are received from insurance companies, or when we receive formal notification of the amount of such payments. fee revenues, and commissions for workers’ compensation programs, are recognized as services are rendered.
business combinations and purchase price allocations we have acquired significant intangible assets through business acquisitions. these assets consist of purchased customer accounts, non-compete agreements, and the excess of purchase prices over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired (goodwill). the determination of estimated useful lives and the allocation of purchase price to intangible assets requires significant judgment and affects the amount of future amortization and possible impairment charges.
all of our business combinations initiated after june 30, 2001 have been accounted for using the purchase method. in connection with these acquisitions, we record the estimated value of the net tangible assets purchased and the value of the identifiable intangible assets purchased, which typically consist of purchased customer accounts and non-compete agreements. purchased customer accounts include the physical records and files obtained from acquired businesses that contain information about insurance policies, customers and other matters essential to policy renewals. however, they primarily represent the present value of the underlying cash flows expected to be received over the estimated future renewal periods of the insurance policies comprising those purchased customer accounts. the valuation of purchased customer accounts involves significant estimates and assumptions concerning matters such as cancellation frequency, expenses and discount rates. any change in these assumptions could affect the carrying value of purchased customer accounts. non-compete agreements are valued based on their duration and any unique features of particular agreements. purchased customer accounts and non-compete agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the related estimated lives and contract periods, which range from five to 15 years. the excess of the purchase price of an acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets is assigned to goodwill and is not amortized.
29
acquisition purchase prices are typically based on a multiple of average annual operating profit earned over a one-to three-year period within a minimum and maximum price range. the recorded purchase prices for all acquisitions consummated after january 1, 2009 include an estimation of the fair value of liabilities associated with any potential earn-out provisions. subsequent changes in the fair value of earn-out obligations are recorded in the consolidated statement of income when incurred.
the fair value of earn-out obligations is based on the present value of the expected future payments to be made to the sellers of the acquired businesses in accordance with the provisions contained in the respective purchase agreements. in determining fair value, the acquired business’s future performance is estimated using financial projections developed by management for the acquired business and this estimate reflects market participant assumptions regarding revenue growth and/or profitability. the expected future payments are estimated on the basis of the earn-out formula and performance targets specified in each purchase agreement compared to the associated financial projections. these estimates are then discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted rate that takes into consideration the likelihood that the forecasted earn-out payments will be made.
intangible assets impairment goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment measured by a fair-value-based test. amortizable intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives and are subject to an impairment review based on an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the assets. to determine if there is potential impairment of goodwill, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss would be recorded to the extent that the fair value of the goodwill within the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. fair value is estimated based on multiples of earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables (“ebitdac”), or on a discounted cash flow basis.
management assesses the recoverability of our goodwill on an annual basis, and assesses the recoverability of our amortizable intangibles and other long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. the following factors, if present, may trigger an impairment review: (i) significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; (ii) significant negative industry or economic trends; (iii) significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period; and (iv) significant decline in our market capitalization. if the recoverability of these assets is unlikely because of the existence of one or more of the above-referenced factors, an impairment analysis is performed. management must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of these assets. if these estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to revise the assessment and, if appropriate, record an impairment charge. we completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of november 30, 2014 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of such assets. additionally, there have been no impairments recorded for amortizable intangible assets for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
non-cash stock-based compensation we grant stock options and non-vested stock awards to our employees, and the related compensation expense is required to be recognized in the financial statements based upon the grant-date fair value of those awards.
litigation claims we are subject to numerous litigation claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the loss is estimable, an accrual for the costs to resolve these claims is recorded in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. professional fees related to these claims are included in other operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. management, with the assistance of in-house and outside counsel, determines whether it is probable that a liability has been incurred and estimates the amount of loss based upon analysis of individual issues. new developments or changes in settlement strategy in dealing with these matters may significantly affect the required reserves and affect our net income.
30
new accounting pronouncements in april 2014, the financial accounting standards board (“fasb”) issued accounting standards update (“asu”) 2014-08 “reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity” (“asu 2014-08”) which changes the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and enhances disclosures in this area. under the new guidance, the disposal of a component or group of components of an entity should be reported as a discontinued operation if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results. disposals of equity method investments, or those reported as held-for-sale, must be presented as a discontinued operation if they meet the new definition. the standard is effective prospectively for all disposals of components (or classification of components as held-for-sale) of an entity that occur within interim and annual periods beginning on or after december 15, 2014. early adoption is permitted, but only for disposals (or classifications of components as held-for-sale) that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued. brown & brown has elected to early adopt this pronouncement and has reported the disposal of the axiom re business in accordance with this pronouncement.
in may 2014, fasb issued asu no. 2014-09, “revenue from contracts with customers” (“asu 2014-09”), which provides guidance for revenue recognition. asu 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in topic 605, “revenue recognition,” and most industry-specific guidance. the standard’s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. in doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today’s guidance. these may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. asu 2014-09 is effective for the company beginning january 1, 2017 and, at that time the company may adopt the new standard under the full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective approach. early adoption is not permitted. the company is currently evaluating the method and impact the adoption of asu 2014-09 will have on the company’s consolidated financial statements.
in august 2014, fasb issued asu 2014-15, “disclosure of uncertainties about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern,” (“asu 2014-15”), which addresses management’s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company’s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. asu 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2016 and for interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. the company does not expect to early adopt this guidance and it believes the adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
with the wright acquisition we now have insurance company operations for which we have adopted accounting policies that were consistent with the accounting policies in place at wright prior to their acquisition by brown & brown. these are detailed in note 1 to the financial statements under “summary of significant accounting policies”.
31
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012
the following discussion and analysis regarding results of operations and liquidity and capital resources should be considered in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes.
financial information relating to our consolidated financial results is as follows (in thousands, except percentages):
2014                            percent         2013                            percent        2012
change                                          change revenues core commissions and fees                                         $1,499,903              15.7   %                $1,295,977              14.1   %               $1,136,252
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                 57,706              12.6   %                    51,251              17.3   %                   43,683
guaranteed supplemental commissions                                    9,851              19.0   %                     8,275              (9.5   )%                   9,146
investment income                                                        747              17.1   %                       638             (19.9   )%                     797
other income, net                                                      7,589               6.3   %                     7,138             (29.7   )%                  10,154
total revenues                                                     1,575,796              15.6   %                 1,363,279              13.6   %                1,200,032
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                   791,749              15.9   %                   683,000              12.2   %                  608,506
non-cash stock-based compensation                                     19,363             (14.3   )%                   22,603              42.5   %                   15,865
other operating expenses                                             235,328              20.3   %                   195,677              12.2   %                  174,389
loss on disposal                                                      47,425                 —   %                         —                 —   %                        —
amortization                                                          82,941              22.1   %                    67,932               6.9   %                   63,573
depreciation                                                          20,895              19.5   %                    17,485              13.7   %                   15,373
interest                                                              28,408              72.8   %                    16,440               2.1   %                   16,097
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                      9,938               nmf   (1)                   2,533              78.6   %                    1,418
total expenses                                                     1,236,047              22.9   %                 1,005,670              12.3   %                  895,221
income before income taxes                                          $339,749              (5.0   )%                 $357,609              17.3   %                 $304,811
net internal growth rate — core commissions and fees                     2.0   %                                         6.7   %                                        2.6   %
employee compensation and benefits ratio                                50.2   %                                        50.1   %                                       50.7   %
other operating expenses ratio                                          14.9   %                                        14.4   %                                       14.5   %
capital expenditures                                                 $24,923                                         $16,366                                        $24,028
total assets at december 31                                       $4,956,458                                      $3,649,508                                     $3,128,058
(1)   nmf = not a meaningful figure

commissions and fees commissions and fees, including profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs, increased $212.0 million, or 15.6% in 2014. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs increased $8.0 million or 13.5% in 2014 to $67.6 million, due primarily to $4.9 million, $1.4 million, and $1.7 million increases in profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in our retail, national programs and wholesale brokerage segments, respectively. core commissions and fees revenue in 2014 increased $203.9 million, of which approximately $186.8 million represented core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2013. after taking into account divested business of $8.5 million, the remaining net increase of $25.6 million, representing net new business, reflects a 2.0% internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees.
commissions and fees, including profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs, increased $166.4 million, or 14.0% in 2013. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs increased $6.7 million or 12.7% in 2013 to $59.5 million, due primarily to $4.7 million, $0.6 million, and $1.3 million increases in profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in our retail, national programs and wholesale brokerage divisions, respectively. core commissions and fees revenue in 2013 increased $159.7 million, of which approximately $91.5 million represented core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2012. after taking into account divested business of $7.4 million, the remaining net increase of $75.6 million, representing net new business, reflects a 6.7% internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees.
32
investment income investment income increased to $0.7 million in 2014, compared with $0.6 million in 2013 mainly due to higher average daily invested balances in 2014 than in 2013. investment income of $0.6 million in 2013 was down $0.2 million as compared to 2012, mainly due to lower average daily invested balances in 2013 than in 2012.
other income, net other income for 2014 reflected income of $7.6 million, compared with $7.1 million in 2013 and $10.2 million in 2012. we recognized gains of $5.3 million, $3.1 million and $4.3 million from sales on books of business (customer accounts) in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. although we are not in the business of selling books of business, we periodically will sell an office or a book of business because it does not produce reasonable margins or demonstrate a potential for growth, or for other reasons related to the particular assets in question. other income also included $1.6 million and $3.6 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively, paid to us in connection with settlements of litigation against former employees for violations of restrictive covenants contained in their employment agreements with us. for 2014, other income from legal settlement was negligible. additionally, we recognized non-recurring gains, rental income and sales of software services of $0.9 million, $2.4 million and $2.3 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
employee compensation and benefits employee compensation and benefits expense increased, approximately 15.9% or $108.7 million in 2014. however, that net increase included $81.0 million of new compensation costs related to new acquisitions that were stand-alone offices. therefore, employee compensation and benefits from those offices that existed in the same time periods of 2014 and 2013 (including the new acquisitions that “folded in” to those offices) increased by $27.7 million. the employee compensation and benefit increases from these offices were primarily related to increases in staff and management salaries of $13.8 million, new salaried producers of $4.8 million, profit center and other related bonuses of $6.7 million, compensation to our commissioned producers of $0.9 million and health insurance costs of $4.8 million. these increases were partially offset by net reductions in temporary employees, employer 401k plan matching contributions and accrued vacation expense. employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of total revenues was 50.2% as compared to 50.1% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. this slight increase is driven by continued investment in new teammates.
employee compensation and benefits expense increased, approximately 12.2% or $74.5 million in 2013. however, that net increase included $37.6 million of new compensation costs related to new acquisitions that were stand-alone offices. therefore, employee compensation and benefits from those offices that existed in the same time periods of 2013 and 2012 (including the new acquisitions that “folded in” to those offices) increased by $36.9 million. the employee compensation and benefit increases from these offices were primarily related to increases in staff and management salaries of $16.6 million, new salaried producers of $4.7 million, profit center and other related bonuses of $3.4 million, compensation to our commissioned producers of $5.7 million, health insurance costs of $1.8 million, payroll-related taxes of $3.7 million, and other net expenses of $1.0 million.
non-cash stock-based compensation we have an employee stock purchase plan, and grant stock options and non-vested stock awards to our employees. compensation expense for all share-based awards is recognized in the financial statements based upon the grant-date fair value of those awards. for 2014, 2013 and 2012, the non-cash stock-based compensation expense incorporates the costs related to each of our four stock-based plans as explained in note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
non-cash stock-based compensation decreased 14.3%, or $3.2 million in 2014 over 2013, primarily as a result of forfeitures due to the non-achievement of certain performance criteria, partially offset by an increase associated with new, non-vested stock awards granted on july 1, 2013 under our stock incentive plan (“sip”).
non-cash stock-based compensation increased 42.5%, or $6.7 million in 2013 over 2012, primarily as a result of new non-vested stock awards granted on july 1, 2013 under our sip. most of these sip grants will typically vest in four to seven years, subject to the achievement of certain performance criteria by grantees, and the achievement of consolidated earnings per share growth at certain levels by us, over three-to five-year measurement periods. some sip grants will vest after five years of service.
33
other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues, other operating expenses represented 14.9% in 2014, 14.4% in 2013, and 14.5% in 2012.
other operating expenses in 2014 increased $39.7 million over 2013, of which $39.0 million was related to acquisitions. therefore, other operating expenses attributable to offices that existed in the same periods in both 2014 and 2013 (including the new acquisitions that “folded in” to those offices) increased by $0.7 million. of the $0.7 million increase, $2.0 million related to increased data processing and software licensing expense, $1.2 million related to increased inspection and consulting fees, $0.8 million related to office rent, and $0.9 million related to increased employee sales meeting costs. these increased costs were partially offset by decreases of $3.0 million for legal claims and litigation expenses, $1.0 million for insurance expenses, and $0.2 million in other various net cost decreases.
other operating expenses in 2013 increased $21.3 million over 2012, of which $12.5 million was related to acquisitions that joined as stand-alone offices. therefore, other operating expenses attributable to offices that existed in the same periods in both 2013 and 2012 (including the new acquisitions that “folded in” to those offices) increased by $8.8 million. of the $8.8 million increase, $2.0 million related to increased data processing and software licensing expense, $2.0 million related to increased inspection and consulting fees, $1.6 million related to increased accounting and advisory fees, $0.9 million related to increased employee sales meeting costs, and $2.9 million related to other various, net cost increases. these increased costs were partially offset by a decrease of $0.6 million for legal claims and litigation expenses.
loss on disposal during 2014 the company recognized a loss on disposal of $47.4 million as a result of the sale of axiom re (axiom) effective december 31, 2014. the sale is part of the company’s strategy to exit the reinsurance brokerage business. for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, axiom recorded a (loss) income before income taxes of ($587,000) and $113,000, respectively, which are included in the wholesale brokerage segment. the transaction was recorded in accordance to asu 2014-08. the company’s prior non-significant disposals are recorded in the other income, net in the consolidated statements of income.
amortization amortization expense increased $15.0 million, or 22.1%, in 2014, and $4.4 million, or 6.9%, in 2013. the increases in 2014 and 2013 were due to the amortization of additional intangible assets as a result of acquisitions completed in those years.
depreciation depreciation increased 19.5% to $20.9 million in 2014 and 13.7% to $17.5 million in 2013. the increases in 2014 and 2013 were due primarily to the addition of fixed assets as a result of recent acquisitions.
interest expense interest expense increased $12.0 million, or 72.8%, in 2014, and $0.3 million, or 2.1%, in 2013. the 2014 increase is primarily due to the increased debt borrowings from the jpmorgan credit facility term loan of $550.0 million at adjusted libor rates (as mentioned in note 8), which helped fund the wright acquisition, and the $500.0 million senior notes due 2024 at an interest rate of 4.200% which were issued during september 2014. the 2013 increases were due primarily to the additional debt borrowed in connection with our acquisition of beecher carlson.
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables accounting standards codification (“asc”) topic 805—business combinations is the authoritative guidance requiring an acquirer to recognize 100% of the fair values of acquired assets, including goodwill, and assumed liabilities (with only limited exceptions) upon initially obtaining control of an acquired entity. additionally, the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements (such as earn-out purchase arrangements) at the acquisition date must be included in the purchase price consideration. as a result, the recorded purchase prices for all acquisitions consummated after january 1, 2009 include an estimation of the fair value of liabilities associated with any potential earn-out provisions. subsequent changes in these earn-out obligations are required to be recorded in the consolidated statement of income when incurred or reasonably estimated. estimations of potential earn-out obligations are typically based upon future earnings of the acquired entities, usually for periods ranging from one to three years.
34
the net charge or credit to the consolidated statement of income for the period is the combination of the net change in the estimated acquisition earn-out payables balance, and the interest expense imputed on the outstanding balance of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables.
as of december 31, 2014, the fair values of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables were re-evaluated and measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (level 3) as defined in asc 820-fair value measurement (“asc 820”). the resulting net changes, as well as the interest expense accretion on the estimated acquisition earn-out payables, for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were as follows (in thousands):
2014              2013              2012
change in fair value on estimated acquisition earn-out payables                $7,375              $570           $(1,051   )
interest expense accretion                                                      2,563             1,963             2,469
net change in earnings from estimated acquisition earn-out payables            $9,938            $2,533            $1,418
the fair values of the estimated earn-out payables were increased in 2014 and 2013 since certain acquisitions performed at higher levels than estimated in our original projections. conversely, the fair values of the estimated earn-out payables were reduced in 2012 since certain acquisitions did not perform at the level estimated based on our original projections. an acquisition is considered to be performing well if its operating profit exceeds the level needed to reach the minimum purchase price. however, a reduction in the estimated acquisition earn-out payable can occur even though the acquisition is performing well, if it is not performing at the level contemplated by our original estimate.
as of december 31, 2014, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $75,283,000, of which $26,018,000 was recorded as accounts payable and $49,265,000 was recorded as an other non-current liability. as of december 31, 2013, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $43,058,000, of which $6,312,000 was recorded as accounts payable and $36,746,000 was recorded as an other non-current liability. as of december 31, 2012, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $52,987,000, of which $10,164,000 was recorded as accounts payable and $42,823,000 was recorded as an other non-current liability.
income taxes the effective tax rate on income from operations was 39.1% in 2014, 39.3% in 2013, and 39.6% in 2012. the lower effective annual tax rates are primarily the result of lower average effective state income tax rates, driven by revenue apportionment.
results of operations — segment information as discussed in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we operate four reportable segments: retail, national programs, wholesale brokerage, and services segments. on a segmental basis, increases in amortization, depreciation and interest expenses result from completed acquisitions within a given segment in a particular year. likewise, other income in each segment primarily reflects net gains on sales of customer accounts and fixed assets. as such, in evaluating the operational efficiency of a segment, management emphasizes the net internal growth rate of core commissions and fees revenue, the gradual improvement of the ratio of total employee compensation and benefits to total revenues, and the gradual improvement of the ratio of other operating expenses to total revenues.
the term “core commissions and fees” excludes profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs, and therefore represents the revenues earned directly from specific insurance policies sold, and specific fee-based services rendered. in contrast, the term “core organic commissions and fees” is our core commissions and fees less (i) the core commissions and fees earned for the first twelve months by newly-acquired operations and (ii) divested business (core commissions and fees generated from offices, books of business or niches sold or terminated during the comparable period). core organic commissions and fees attempts to express the current year’s core commissions and fees on a comparable basis with the prior year’s core commissions and fees. the resulting net change reflects the aggregate changes attributable to (i) net new and lost accounts, (ii) net changes in our clients’ exposure units, and (iii) net changes in insurance premium rates. the net changes in each of these three components can be determined for each of our customers.
35
the internal growth rates for our core organic commissions and fees for the three years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, by segment, are as follows (in thousands, except percentages):
2014                                                                                         for the year           total net     total net                 less         internal          internal ended december 31,              change      growth %          acquisition              net               net revenues         growth $          growth %
2014                        2013
retail(1)                                                          $779,480                      $692,231             $87,249          12.6   %          $73,351          $13,898               2.0   %
national programs                                                   367,214                       268,160              99,054          36.9   %           93,803            5,251               2.0   %
wholesale brokerage                                                 216,727                       195,626              21,101          10.8   %            4,032           17,069               8.7   %
services                                                            136,482                       131,503               4,979           3.8   %           15,599          (10,620   )          (8.1   )%
total core commissions and fees                                  $1,499,903                    $1,287,520            $212,383          16.5   %         $186,785          $25,598               2.0   %
less superstorm sandy                                                     —                       (18,275   )          18,275         100.0   %                —           18,275             100.0   %
total core commissions and fees less superstorm sandy            $1,499,903                    $1,269,245            $230,658          18.2   %         $186,785          $43,873               3.5   %
there would be a 3.5% internal net growth rate when excluding the $18.3 million related to superstorm sandy within the colonial claims business for the first half of 2013.
the reconciliation of the above internal growth schedule to the total commissions and fees included in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 is as follows (in thousands):
for the year ended december 31,
2014                       2013
total core commissions and fees                 $1,499,903                   $1,287,520
profit-sharing contingent commissions               57,706                       51,251
guaranteed supplemental commissions                  9,851                        8,275
divested business                                        —                        8,457
total commissions and fees                      $1,567,460                   $1,355,503
2013                                                                   for the year       total net     total net                less        internal      internal ended december 31,          change      growth %         acquisition             net           net revenues        growth $      growth %
2013                        2012
retail(1)                                    $699,571                      $611,156         $88,415          14.5   %         $79,455          $8,960           1.5   %
national programs                             271,772                       233,261          38,511          16.5   %           7,099          31,412          13.5   %
wholesale brokerage                           193,601                       168,151          25,450          15.1   %           4,332          21,118          12.6   %
services                                      131,033                       116,247          14,786          12.7   %             657          14,129          12.2   %
total core commissions and fees            $1,295,977                    $1,128,815        $167,162          14.8   %         $91,543         $75,619           6.7   %
the reconciliation of the above internal growth schedule to the total commissions and fees included in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 is as follows (in thousands):
for the year ended december 31,
2013                       2012
total core commissions and fees                 $1,295,977                   $1,128,815
profit-sharing contingent commissions               51,251                       43,683
guaranteed supplemental commissions                  8,275                        9,146
divested business                                        —                        7,437
total commissions and fees                      $1,355,503                   $1,189,081
36
2012                                                                  for the year       total net     total net                 less       internal      internal ended december 31,          change      growth %          acquisition            net           net revenues       growth $      growth %
2012                        2011
retail(1)                                    $618,562                     $571,129         $47,433           8.3   %          $38,734         $8,699           1.5   %
national programs                             233,261                      148,841          84,420          56.7   %           83,281          1,139           0.8   %
wholesale brokerage                           168,182                      155,151          13,031           8.4   %            3,598          9,433           6.1   %
services                                      116,247                       64,875          51,372          79.2   %           45,783          5,589           8.6   %
total core commissions and fees            $1,136,252                     $939,996        $196,256          20.9   %         $171,396        $24,860           2.6   %
the reconciliation of the above internal growth schedule to the total commissions and fees included in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2012 and 2011 is as follows (in thousands):
for the year ended december 31,
2012                       2011
total core commissions and fees                 $1,136,252                     $939,996
profit-sharing contingent commissions               43,683                       43,198
guaranteed supplemental commissions                  9,146                       12,079
divested business                                        —                       10,689
total commissions and fees                      $1,189,081                   $1,005,962
(1)   the retail segment figures include commissions and fees reported in the “other” column of the segment information in note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which includes corporate and consolidation items.

retail segment the retail segment provides a broad range of insurance products and services to commercial, public and quasi-public, professional and individual insured customers. approximately 85.5% of the retail segment’s commissions and fees revenue is commission-based. because most of our other operating expenses do not change as premiums fluctuate, we believe that most of any fluctuation in the commissions, net of related compensation, which we receive will be reflected in our pre-tax income, subject to incremental investments in new producers or other investments to help grow the business.
37
financial information relating to brown & brown’s retail segment is as follows (in thousands, except percentages):
2014                          percent         2013                          percent         2012
change                                        change revenues core commissions and fees                                                 $780,534              11.4   %                $700,767              13.0   %                $619,975
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                       21,616              23.2   %                  17,543              36.6   %                  12,843
guaranteed supplemental commissions                                          7,730              12.9   %                   6,849              (0.6   )%                  6,890
investment income                                                               67             (18.3   )%                     82             (24.1   )%                    108
other income, net                                                             (181   )           nmf   (1)                 3,083             (33.2   )%                  4,613
total revenues                                                             809,766              11.2   %                 728,324              13.0   %                 644,429
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                         408,686              12.5   %                 363,332              11.3   %                 326,574
non-cash stock-based compensation                                           11,732              29.6   %                   9,055              59.4   %                   5,680
other operating expenses                                                   130,074              14.9   %                 113,159              14.8   %                  98,532
loss on disposal                                                                 —                 —   %                       —                 —   %                       —
amortization                                                                42,270              11.1   %                  38,052               9.9   %                  34,639
depreciation                                                                 6,410               9.6   %                   5,847              12.9   %                   5,181
interest                                                                    42,918              24.7   %                  34,407              29.2   %                  26,641
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                            7,147               nmf   (1)                (1,844   )           nmf   (1)                 1,968
total expenses                                                             649,237              15.5   %                 562,008              12.6   %                 499,215
income before income taxes                                                $160,529              (3.5   )%               $166,316              14.5   %                $145,214
net internal growth rate — core organic commissions and fees                   2.0   %                                       1.5   %                                       1.5   %
employee compensation and benefits ratio                                      50.5   %                                      49.9   %                                      50.7   %
other operating expenses ratio                                                16.1   %                                      15.5   %                                      15.3   %
capital expenditures                                                        $6,844                                        $6,847                                        $5,732
total assets at december 31                                             $3,190,737                                    $2,992,087                                    $2,420,759
(1)   nmf = not a meaningful figure

the retail segment’s total revenues in 2014 increased 11.2%, or $81.4 million, over the same period in 2013, to $809.8 million. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in 2014 increased $5.0 million, or 20.3%, over 2013, to $29.3 million, primarily due to improved loss ratios resulting in increased profitability for insurance companies in 2013. the $79.8 million net increase in core commissions and fees revenue resulted from the following factors: (i) an increase of approximately $73.4 million related to core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2013; (ii) a decrease of $7.5 million related to commissions and fees revenue from business divested during 2013 and 2014; and (iii) the remaining net increase of $13.9 million primarily related to net new business. the retail segment’s internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was 2.0% for 2014, and was driven by net new customers, increasing insurable exposure units in certain areas of the united states, and was partially offset by continued pressure on property and casualty rates, especially in coastal areas.
income before income taxes for 2014 decreased 3.5%, or $5.8 million, over the same period in 2013, to $160.5 million. this decrease was primarily due to a higher interest charge of $8.5 million corresponding to capital utilized for acquisitions in 2014 and $9.0 million related to the year-on-year changes in the estimated earn-out payable. the underlying increase was driven by net new business, acquired business and increased profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs. non-cash stock-based compensation increased $2.7 million, or 29.6%, for 2014 over the same period in 2013, as the cost of grants to employees for the purpose of driving performance were realized.
the retail segment’s total revenues in 2013 increased 13.0%, or $83.9 million, over the same period in 2012, to $728.3 million. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in 2013 increased $4.7 million, or 23.6%, over 2012, to $24.4 million, primarily due to improved loss ratios resulting in increased profitability for insurance companies in 2012. the $80.8 million net increase in core commissions and fees revenue resulted from the following factors: (i) an increase of approximately $79.5 million related to core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2012; (ii) a decrease of $7.5 million related to commissions and fees revenue recorded in 2012 from business divested during 2013; and (iii) the remaining net increase of $9.0 million primarily related to net new business. the retail segment’s internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was 1.5% for 2013, and was driven by slightly increasing insurable exposure units in most areas of the united states, and slight increases in general insurance premium rates.
38
income before income taxes for 2013 increased 14.5%, or $21.1 million, over the same period in 2012, to $166.3 million. this increase was primarily due to net new business, the increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions, and continued improved efficiencies relating to compensation and employee benefits and certain other operating expenses, but which was partially off-set by a $1.5 million reduction in other income primarily due to gains on the sale of books of businesses in 2012. these increases were also enhanced by changes in estimated acquisition earn-out payables of $3.8 million, but partially offset by a net increase in the inter-company interest expense allocation of $7.8 million. the continued improved efficiencies relating to compensation and employee benefits, and certain other operating expenses resulted mainly from such costs increasing at a lower rate than our growth in net new business. however, a portion of the improved ratio of employee compensation and benefits to total revenues was the result of the $6.8 million of bonus compensation related to a special one-time bonus in 2012 which was not repeated in 2013.
national programs segment the wright insurance group acquisition was completed effective may 1, 2014. with the wright acquisition completed, the national programs segment manages over 50 programs with 40 well-capitalized carrier partners. in most cases, the insurance carriers that support the programs have delegated underwriting and, in many instances, claims-handling authority to our programs operations. these programs are generally distributed through nationwide networks of independent agents and brown & brown retail agents, and offer targeted products and services designed for specific industries, trade groups, professions, public entities and market niches. the national programs segment operations can be grouped into five broad categories: commercial programs, professional programs, arrowhead insurance group programs, public entity-related programs, and the national flood program. like the retail and wholesale brokerage segments, the national programs segment’s revenue is primarily commission-based.
financial information relating to our national programs segment is as follows (in thousands, except percentages):
2014                          percent         2013                          percent         2012
change                                        change revenues core commissions and fees                                        $367,214              35.1   %                $271,772              16.5   %                $233,261
profit-sharing contingent commissions                              20,623               7.0   %                  19,265               4.7   %                  18,392
guaranteed supplemental commissions                                    21               nmf   (1)                   (23   )           nmf   (1)                   276
investment income                                                     164               nmf   (1)                    19              (5.0   )%                     20
other income, net                                                   6,767               nmf   (1)                 1,097              10.4   %                     994
total revenues                                                    394,789              35.1   %                 292,130              15.5   %                 252,943
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                163,522              23.0   %                 132,948              20.5   %                 110,362
non-cash stock-based compensation                                     754             (83.6   )%                  4,604              24.2   %                   3,707
other operating expenses                                           76,833              45.0   %                  53,001              19.8   %                  44,248
loss on disposal                                                        —                 —   %                       —                 —   %                       —
amortization                                                       24,769              69.7   %                  14,593               4.7   %                  13,936
depreciation                                                        7,699              42.6   %                   5,399              17.4   %                   4,600
interest                                                           49,663               nmf   (1)                24,014              (6.5   )%                 25,674
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                     314               nmf   (1)                  (808   )         (24.8   )%                 (1,075   )
total expenses                                                    323,554              38.4   %                 233,751              16.0   %                 201,452
income before income taxes                                        $71,235              22.0   %                 $58,379              13.4   %                 $51,491
net internal growth rate — core organic commissions                   2.0   %                                      13.5   %                                       0.8   %
and fees employee compensation and benefits ratio                             41.4   %                                      45.5   %                                      43.6   %
other operating expenses ratio                                       19.5   %                                      18.1   %                                      17.5   %
capital expenditures                                              $13,739                                        $4,473                                        $9,633
total assets at december 31                                    $2,411,839                                    $1,335,911                                    $1,183,191
(1)   nmf = not a meaningful figure

39
the national programs segment’s total revenues in 2014 increased $102.7 million to $394.8 million, a 35.1% increase over 2013. core commission and fees increased by $95.4 million due to the following factors: (i) an increase of approximately $93.8 million related to core commissions and fees revenue from the wright and beecher carlson acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2013; (ii) a decrease of approximately $3.6 million in books of business that were disposed or transferred to other segments; and (iii) the remaining increase of $5.2 million is primarily related to net new business. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in 2014 increased $1.4 million over 2013, due primarily to a $0.5 million increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions received by florida intracoastal underwriters, limited company (“fiu”), and a $0.8 million increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions received by proctor financial, inc. (“proctor”). other income increased by approximately $5.7 million primarily due to the gain recognized on the sale of industry consulting group, inc. (“icg”) of $6.0 million.
income before income taxes for 2014 increased 22.0% or $12.9 million over the same period in 2013, to $71.2 million. the increase in income before taxes was due to net new business growth noted above, revenues and operating profits derived from wright, the gain on the sale of icg, and a non-cash stock-based compensation decrease of $3.8 million primarily related to partial sip grant forfeitures associated to arrowhead. the $71.2 million increase was partially offset by an increase in the intercompany interest expense charge related to wright.
the national programs segment’s total revenues in 2013 increased $39.2 million to $292.1 million, a 15.5% increase over 2012. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in 2013 increased $0.6 million over 2012, due primarily to a $3.7 million increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions received by fiu, which was partially offset by a decrease of $3.5 million at proctor. the $38.5 million net increase in core commissions and fees resulted from the following factors: (i) an increase of approximately $7.1 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2012; and (ii) the remaining net increase of $31.4 million primarily related to net new business. therefore, the national programs segment’s internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was 13.5% for 2013. of the $31.4 million of net new business, $27.7 million related to a net increase in commissions and fees revenue from our arrowhead operations.
income before income taxes for 2013 increased 13.4% or $6.9 million, over the same period in 2012, to $58.4 million. this net increase was primarily due to the new automobile aftermarket and the non-standard auto programs at our arrowhead subsidiary. even though these programs increased the total operating profit dollars for the segment, the increase in the ratios of employee compensation and benefits, and other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues over the prior year. this was due to the fact that these programs operated at a higher cost factor than the average program operated in 2012.
40
wholesale brokerage segment the wholesale brokerage segment markets and sells excess and surplus commercial and personal lines insurance, primarily through independent agents and brokers. like the retail and national programs segments, the wholesale brokerage segment’s revenues are primarily commission-based.
financial information relating to our wholesale brokerage segment is as follows (in thousands, except percentages):
2014                         percent        2013                         percent         2012
change                                      change revenues core commissions and fees                                           $216,727              11.9   %              $193,601              15.1   %               $168,182
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                 15,467               7.1   %                14,443              16.0   %                 12,448
guaranteed supplemental commissions                                    2,100              44.9   %                 1,449             (33.9   )%                 2,192
investment income                                                         26              18.2   %                    22                 —   %                     22
other income, net                                                        353              (9.9   )%                  392             (45.6   )%                   721
total revenues                                                       234,673              11.8   %               209,907              14.4   %                183,565
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                   109,951              12.0   %                98,144              12.4   %                 87,293
non-cash stock-based compensation                                      2,775              36.1   %                 2,039              53.5   %                  1,328
other operating expenses                                              38,813               6.1   %                36,589               9.3   %                 33,486
loss on disposal                                                      47,425                 —   %                     —                 —   %                      —
amortization                                                          11,729               1.5   %                11,550               2.4   %                 11,280
depreciation                                                           2,616              (6.4   )%                2,794               2.8   %                  2,718
interest                                                               1,878             (26.8   )%                2,565             (35.5   )%                 3,974
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                      2,862              19.1   %                 2,404               nmf   (1)                  131
total expenses                                                       218,049              39.7   %               156,085              11.3   %                140,210
income before income taxes                                           $16,624             (69.1   )%              $53,822              24.1   %                $43,355
net internal growth rate — core organic commissions and                  8.7   %                                    12.6   %                                      6.1   %
fees employee compensation and benefits ratio                                46.9   %                                    46.8   %                                     47.6   %
other operating expenses ratio                                          16.5   %                                    17.4   %                                     18.2   %
capital expenditures                                                  $1,949                                      $1,931                                       $3,383
total assets at december 31                                         $940,461                                    $927,825                                     $837,364
(1)   nmf = not a meaningful figure

the wholesale brokerage segment’s total revenues for 2014 increased 11.8%, or $24.8 million, over the same period in 2013, to $234.7 million. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2014 increased $1.7 million over the same period of 2013. the $23.1 million net increase in core commissions and fees revenue resulted from the following factors: (i) an increase of approximately $4.0 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2013; (ii) an increase of $2.0 million related to net sold and transferred books of business; and (iii) the remaining net increase of $17.1 million primarily related to net new business. as such, the wholesale brokerage segment’s internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was 8.7% for 2014.
income before income taxes for 2014 decreased 69.1%, or $37.2 million over the same period in 2013. this decrease includes a $47.4 million net loss on the disposal of the axiom re business. effective december 31, 2014, the company sold certain assets of the axiom re business as part of the strategic plan to exit the reinsurance brokerage market. axiom re had annual revenues of approximately $6.9 million in 2014. the underlying performance of this segment was driven by new business growth and to a lesser extent an increase in profit sharing contingent commissions.
41
the wholesale brokerage segment’s total revenues for 2013 increased 14.4%, or $26.3 million, over the same period in 2012, to $209.9 million. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2013 increased $1.3 million over the same period of 2012. the $25.4 million net increase in core commissions and fees revenue resulted from the following factors: (i) an increase of approximately $4.3 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2012; and (ii) the remaining net increase of $21.1 million primarily related to net new business and continued increases in premium rates on many lines of insurance, but primarily on coastal property. as such, the wholesale brokerage segment’s internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was 12.6% for 2013.
income before income taxes for 2013 increased 24.1%, or $10.5 million over the same period in 2012 to $53.8 million, primarily due to net new business, an increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions, and a net reduction in the inter-company interest expense allocation of $1.4 million, but then partially offset by a $2.3 million expense in the form of a change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables.
services segment the services segment provides insurance-related services, including third-party claims administration (“tpa”) and comprehensive medical utilization management services in both the workers’ compensation and all-lines liability arenas, as well as medicare set-aside services, social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services, and catastrophe claims adjusting services.
unlike our other segments, nearly all of the services segment’s 2014 commissions and fees revenue was generated from fees, which are not significantly affected by fluctuations in general insurance premiums.
financial information relating to our services segment is as follows (in thousands, except percentages):
2014                          percent         2013                         percent         2012
change                                       change revenues core commissions and fees                                                $136,482                4.2   %               $131,033              12.7   %               $116,247
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                           —                  —   %                      —                 —   %                      —
guaranteed supplemental commissions                                             —                  —   %                      —                 —   %                      —
investment income                                                               3                nmf   (1)                    1                 —   %                      1
other income, net                                                              74              (83.7   )%                   455              (6.8   )%                   488
total revenues                                                            136,559                3.9   %                131,489              12.6   %                116,736
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                         73,590               17.0   %                 62,908               6.2   %                 59,235
non-cash stock-based compensation                                             (72    )           nmf   (1)                  755              26.5   %                    597
other operating expenses                                                   31,877               14.3   %                 27,885               6.5   %                 26,180
loss on disposal                                                                —                  —   %                      —                 —   %                      —
amortization                                                                4,134               11.8   %                  3,698               0.5   %                  3,680
depreciation                                                                2,213               36.4   %                  1,623              27.0   %                  1,278
interest                                                                    7,678                4.9   %                  7,321             (14.9   )%                 8,602
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                            (385    )           nmf   (1)                2,781               nmf   (1)                  394
total expenses                                                            119,035               11.3   %                106,971               7.0   %                 99,966
income before income taxes                                                $17,524              (28.5   )%               $24,518              46.2   %                $16,770
net internal growth rate — core organic commissions and fees                 (8.1   )%                                     12.2   %                                      8.6   %
employee compensation and benefits ratio                                     53.9    %                                     47.8   %                                     50.7   %
other operating expenses ratio                                               23.3    %                                     21.2   %                                     22.4   %
capital expenditures                                                       $1,210                                        $1,811                                       $2,519
total assets at december 31                                              $296,034                                      $277,652                                     $238,430
(1)   nmf = not a meaningful figure

42
the services segment’s total revenues for 2014 increased 3.9%, or $5.1 million, over 2013, to $136.6 million. the $5.4 million net increase in core commissions and fees revenue consisted of the following: (i) an increase of approximately $15.6 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from the acquisition of ica, inc. business, that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2013; (ii) net new business of $7.7, (iii) offset by a reduction of $18.3 million due to the significant flood claims processed in 2013 resulting from superstorm sandy in 2012 with no comparable storm in 2013 and (iv) $0.4 million of net sold books of business. as such, the services segment’s internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was (8.1)% for 2014 and excluding the impact of superstorm sandy internal growth would be 6.8% in 2014.
income before income taxes in 2014 decreased 28.5%, or $7.0 million, over 2013, to $17.5 million, primarily due to the reduction in superstorm sandy related revenues and corresponding operating profit partially offset by the increase associated with net new and acquired business.
the services segment’s total revenues for 2013 increased 12.6%, or $14.8 million, over 2012, to $131.5 million. of the $14.8 million net increase in core commissions and fees revenue: (i) an increase of approximately $0.7 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from the tpa business acquired as part of the arrowhead acquisition, that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2012; and (ii) net new business of $14.1 million, of which $13.0 million was due to our colonial claims operation and the impact of the significant flood claims resulting from the 2012 superstorm sandy. as such, the services segment’s internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was 12.2% for 2013.
income before income taxes in 2013 increased 46.2%, or $7.7 million, over 2012, to $24.5 million, primarily due to net new business from our colonial claims operation. additionally, this net increase was enhanced by a $1.3 million reduction in inter-company interest expense, but partially offset by a $2.4 million expense from changes in estimated earn-out payables.
other as discussed in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the “other” column in the segment information table includes all income and expenses not allocated to reportable segments, as well as corporate-related items, including the inter-company interest expense charges to reporting segments.
liquidity and capital resources our cash and cash equivalents of $470.0 million at december 31, 2014 reflected an increase of $267.1 million from the $203.0 million balance at december 31, 2013. during 2014, $385.0 million of cash was generated from operating activities. during this period, $696.5 million of cash was used for acquisitions, $9.5 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $24.9 million was used for additions to fixed assets, $59.3 million was used for payment of dividends, and $718.0 million was provided from proceeds received on net new long-term debt.
we hold approximately $12.4 million in cash outside of the u.s. for which we have no plans to repatriate in the near future.
on may 1, 2014, we completed the acquisition of wright for a total cash purchase price of $609.2 million, subject to certain adjustments. we financed the acquisition through various modified and new credit facilities.
our cash and cash equivalents of $203.0 million at december 31, 2013 reflected a decrease of $16.9 million from the $219.8 million balance at december 31, 2012. during 2013, $389.4 million of cash was generated from operating activities. during this period, $367.7 million of cash was used for acquisitions, $15.5 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $16.4 million was used for additions to fixed assets, $53.5 million was used for payment of dividends, and $30.0 million was provided from proceeds received on new long-term debt.
on july 1, 2013, we completed the acquisition of beecher carlson for a total cash purchase price of $364.2 million, subject to certain adjustments. we financed the acquisition through various modified and new credit facilities.
our cash and cash equivalents of $219.8 million at december 31, 2012 reflected a decrease of $66.5 million from the $286.3 million balance at december 31, 2011. during 2012, $220.3 million of cash was generated from operating activities. during this period, $425.1 million of cash was used for acquisitions, $13.5 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $24.0 million was used for additions to fixed assets, $49.5 million was used for payment of dividends, and $200.0 million was provided from proceeds received on new long-term debt.
43
on january 9, 2012, we completed the acquisition of arrowhead for a total cash purchase price of $397.0 million, subject to certain adjustments and potential earn-out payments of up to $5 million in the aggregate following the third anniversary of the acquisition’s closing date. we financed the acquisition through various modified and new credit facilities.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities (the “current ratio”) was 1.24 and 1.02 at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
contractual cash obligations as of december 31, 2014, our contractual cash obligations were as follows:
(in thousands)                                              total       less than       1-3 years       4-5 years         after 5
1 year                                           years long-term debt                                         $1,200,000         $45,625        $128,125        $526,250        $500,000
other liabilities                                          50,423          20,471          13,520           2,047          14,385
operating leases                                          182,937          38,458          65,949          41,623          36,907
interest obligations                                      263,221          37,286          70,994          56,066          98,875
unrecognized tax benefits                                     113               —             113               —               —
maximum future acquisition contingency payments           130,653          57,390          70,801           2,462               —
total contractual cash obligations                     $1,827,347        $199,230        $349,502        $628,448        $650,167
debt on april 17, 2014, the company entered into a credit agreement with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. as administrative agent and certain other banks as co-syndication agents and co-documentation agents (the “credit agreement”). the credit agreement in the amount of $1,350.0 million provides for an unsecured revolving credit facility (the “credit facility”) in the initial amount of $800.0 million and unsecured term loans in the initial amount of $550.0 million, either or both of which may, subject to lenders’ discretion, potentially be increased by up to $500.0 million. the credit facility was funded on may 20, 2014 in conjunction with the closing of the wright acquisition, with the $550.0 million term loan being funded as well as a drawdown of $375.0 million on the revolving loan facility. use of these proceeds were to retire existing term loan debt including the jpm term loan agreement, suntrust term loan agreement and bank of america term loan agreement in total of $230.0 million (as described above) and to facilitate the closing of the wright acquisition as well as other acquisitions. the credit facility terminates on may 20, 2019, but either or both of the revolving credit facility and the term loans may be extended for two additional one-year periods at the company’s request and at the discretion of the respective lenders. interest and facility fees in respect to the credit facility are based on the better of the company’s net debt leverage ratio or a non-credit enhanced senior unsecured long-term debt rating. based on the company’s net debt leverage ratio, the rates of interest charged on the term loan and revolving loan are 1.375% and 1.175% respectively in 2014 and above the adjusted libor rate for outstanding amounts drawn. there are fees included in the facility which include a facility fee based on the revolving credit commitments of the lenders (whether used or unused) at a rate of 0.20% and letter of credit fees based on the amounts of outstanding secured or unsecured letters of credit. the credit facility includes various covenants, limitations and events of default customary for similar facilities for similarly rated borrowers. as of december 31, 2014, there was an outstanding debt balance issued under the provisions of the credit facility in total of $550.0 million with no proceeds outstanding relative to the revolving loan.
in connection with the funding of the credit facility on may 20, 2014, the company retired the jpm term loan of $100.0 million, the suntrust term loan of $100.0 million and the bank of america, n.a., $30.0 million term loan, for a total of $230.0 million. the suntrust revolver was also terminated.
on july 15, 2014, the company retired the senior notes series b of $100.0 million which were assigned under the original private placement note agreement from july 2004. proceeds were drawn from the revolving loan of the credit facility to facilitate the payoff of the notes. the $100.0 million proceeds drawn from the revolving credit facility used to retire the series b notes was paid in full in connection with the issuance of the 4.200% senior notes due 2024 on september 18, 2014.
on september 18, 2014, the company issued $500.0 million of 4.200% unsecured senior notes due in 2024. the senior notes were assigned investment grade ratings of bbb-/baa3 with a stable outlook. the notes are subject to certain covenant restrictions and regulations which are customary for credit rated obligations. at the time of funding, the proceeds were offered at a discount of the original note amount which also excluded an underwriting fee discount. the net proceeds received from the issuance were used to repay the outstanding balance of $475.0 million on the revolving credit facility and other general corporate purposes.
44
neither we nor our subsidiaries have ever incurred off-balance sheet obligations through the use of, or investment in, off-balance sheet derivative financial instruments or structured finance or special purpose entities organized as corporations, partnerships or limited liability companies or trusts.
we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investment portfolio and funds generated from operations, together with our available funding under our various debt facilities, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity needs through at least the end of 2015 including the required principal payments on our long-term debt.
for further discussion of our cash management and risk management policies, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.”
