item 1a.  risk factors many factors could have an effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. we are subject to various risks resulting from changing economic, environmental, political, industry, business, financial and regulatory conditions. the factors described below represent our principal risks.
risks related to our business we are a company with operations around the world and are exposed to general economic, political and regulatory conditions and risks in the countries in which we have significant operations.
we operate globally and have customers in many countries. our major facilities are primarily located in north america, europe and asia, and we hold interests in affiliates that operate in the us, germany, china, japan, malaysia, south korea and saudi arabia. our principal customers are similarly global in scope, and the prices of our most significant products are typically regional or world market prices. consequently, our business and financial results are affected, directly and indirectly, by world economic conditions, including instability in credit markets, declining consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices and interest rates, volatile exchange rates and other challenges such as the changing regulatory environment.
our operations are also subject to global political conditions. in certain foreign jurisdictions, our operations are subject to nationalization and expropriation risk and some of our contractual relationships within these jurisdictions are subject to cancellation without full compensation for loss. in certain cases where we benefit from local government subsidies or other undertakings, such benefits are subject to the solvency of local government entities and are subject to termination without meaningful recourse or remedies.
failure to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations or court decisions could expose us to fines, penalties and other costs. moreover, changes in laws or regulations, such as unexpected changes in regulatory requirements (including import or export licensing requirements), or changes in reporting requirements of the us, canadian, mexican, german, european union ("eu") or asian governmental agencies, could increase the cost of doing business in these regions. any of these conditions may have an effect on our business and financial results as a whole and may result in volatile current and future prices for our securities, including our stock.
we have invested significant resources in china and other asian countries. this region's growth may slow, and we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits associated with our investment there and our financial results may be adversely impacted.
in addition, we have significant operations and financial relationships based in europe. historically sales originating in europe have accounted for over one-third of our net sales and approximately 40% in 2014. adverse conditions in the european economy may negatively impact our overall financial results due to reduced economic growth and resulting decreased end-use customer demand.
as of december 31, 2014, we held $392 million in cash in europe. this cash is primarily invested in deposits in several european banks and us treasury money market funds. the allocation of the cash invested in each of these options fluctuates based on market conditions. as of december 31, 2014, we also had $113 million of direct investments in european sovereign debt and corporate bonds in our pension funds, accounting for less than 4% of our total pension fund assets, which may be affected if there are adverse conditions in the european economy. our ability to access additional liquidity from european financial institutions in the future may also be impaired.
finally, conditions such as the uncertainties associated with war, terrorist activities, civil unrest, epidemics, pandemics, weather, natural disasters, the effects of climate change or political instability in any of the countries in which we operate or have significant customers or suppliers could affect us by causing delays or losses in the supply or delivery of raw materials and products, as well as increasing security costs, insurance premiums and other expenses. these conditions could also result in or lengthen economic recession in the us, europe, asia or elsewhere.
we are subject to risks associated with the increased volatility in the prices and availability of key raw materials and energy, which could have a significant adverse effect on the margins of our products and our financial results.
we purchase significant amounts of ethylene, methanol, carbon monoxide and natural gas from third parties primarily for use in our production of basic chemicals in the acetyl intermediates segment, principally acetic acid, vinyl acetate monomer ("vam") and formaldehyde. we use a portion of our output of these chemicals, in turn, as inputs in the production of downstream products in all our business segments. we also purchase some of these raw materials for use in our industrial specialties segment, primarily for vinyl acetate ethylene emulsions and ethylene vinyl acetate production, as well as significant amounts of
16
wood pulp for use in our production of cellulose acetate in our consumer specialties segment. the price of many of these items is dependent on the available supply of that item and may increase significantly as a result of natural disasters, plant or production disruptions, strikes or other labor unrest, war or other outbreak of hostilities or terrorism, breakdown or degradation of transportation infrastructure used for delivery of strategic raw materials and energy commodities, or changes in laws or regulations. in particular, to the extent of our vertical integration in the production of chemicals, shortages in the availability of raw material chemicals, such as natural gas, ethylene and methanol, or the loss of our dedicated supplies of carbon monoxide, may have an increased adverse impact on us as it can cause a shortage in intermediate and finished products. such shortages would adversely impact our ability to produce certain products and increase our costs resulting in reduced margins and adverse financial results.
we are exposed to volatility in the prices of our raw materials and energy. although we have long-term supply agreements, multi-year purchasing and sales agreements and forward purchase contracts providing for the supply of ethylene, methanol, carbon monoxide, wood pulp, natural gas and electricity, the contractual prices for these raw materials and energy can vary with economic conditions and may be highly volatile. in addition to the factors noted above that may impact supply or price, factors that have caused volatility in our raw material prices in the past and which may do so in the future include:
•   shortages of raw materials due to increasing demand, e.g., from growing uses or new uses;
•   capacity constraints, e.g., due to construction delays, labor disruption, involuntary shutdowns or turnarounds;
•   the inability of a supplier to meet our delivery orders or a supplier's choice not to fulfill orders or to terminate a supply contract or our inability to obtain or renew supply contracts on favorable terms;
•   the general level of business and economic activity; and
•   the direct or indirect effect of governmental regulation (including the impact of government regulation relating to climate change).
if we are not able to fully offset the effects of higher energy and raw material costs through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs, or if such commodities become unavailable, it could have a significant adverse effect on our ability to timely and profitably manufacture and deliver our products resulting in reduced margins and adverse financial results.
we have a practice of maintaining, when available, multiple sources of supply for raw materials and services. however, some of our individual plants may have single sources of supply for some of their raw materials, such as carbon monoxide, steam and ethylene, or services. although we have been able to obtain sufficient supplies of raw materials and services, there can be no assurance that unforeseen developments will not affect our ability to source raw materials or services. even if we have multiple sources of supply for a raw material or a service, there can be no assurance that these sources can make up for the loss of a major supplier. furthermore, if any sole source or major supplier were unable or unwilling to deliver a raw material or a service for an extended period of time, we may not be able to find an acceptable alternative, and any such alternative could result in increased costs. it is also possible profitability will be adversely affected if we are required to qualify additional sources of supply for a raw material or a service to our specifications in the event of the loss of a sole source or major supplier.
a portion of our supply of methanol in north america is currently obtained under a contract expiring in 2015. we are currently constructing a methanol plant in the us that we anticipate will be operational in the second half of 2015 to replace the majority of the methanol obtained under that contract. we have secured a bridge supply agreement that will supply us with methanol through the end of 2015.
production at our manufacturing facilities could be disrupted for a variety of reasons, which could prevent us from producing enough of our products to maintain our sales and satisfy our customers' demands.
a disruption in production at one or more of our manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. disruptions could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, unplanned maintenance or other manufacturing problems, disease, strikes or other labor unrest, transportation interruption, government regulation, political unrest or terrorism. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. if one of our key manufacturing facilities is unable to produce our products for an extended period of time, our sales may be reduced by the shortfall caused by the disruption and we may not be able to meet our customers' needs, which could cause them to seek other suppliers. in particular, production disruptions at our manufacturing facilities that produce chemicals used as inputs in the production of chemicals in other business segments, such as acetic acid, vam and
17
formaldehyde, could have a more significant adverse effect on our business and financial performance and results of operations to the extent of such vertical integration. furthermore, to the extent a production disruption occurs at a manufacturing facility that has been operating at or near full capacity, the resulting shortage of our product could be particularly harmful because production at the manufacturing facility may not be able to reach levels achieved prior to the disruption.
failure to develop new products and production technologies or to implement productivity and cost reduction initiatives successfully may harm our competitive position.
our operating results depend significantly on the development of commercially viable new products, product grades and applications, as well as process technologies, free of any legal restrictions. if we are unsuccessful in developing new products, applications and production processes in the future, our competitive position and operating results may be negatively affected. however, as we invest in new technology, we face the risk of unanticipated operational or commercialization difficulties, including an inability to obtain necessary permits or governmental approvals, the development of competing technologies, failure of facilities or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or expectations, construction delays, cost over-runs, the unavailability of financing, required materials or equipment and various other factors. likewise, we have undertaken and are continuing to undertake initiatives in all business segments to improve productivity and performance and to generate cost savings. these initiatives may not be completed or beneficial or the estimated cost savings from such activities may not be realized.
our business exposes us to potential product liability claims and recalls, which could adversely affect our financial condition and performance.
the development, manufacture and sales of specialty chemical products by us, including products produced for the food and beverage, cigarette, automobile, aerospace, medical device and pharmaceutical industries, involve a risk of exposure to product liability claims, product recalls, product seizures and related adverse publicity. a product liability claim or judgment against us could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, affect consumer or customer confidence in our products, and divert management's attention from other responsibilities. although we maintain product liability insurance, there can be no assurance that this type or the level of coverage is adequate or that we will be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. a product recall or a partially or completely uninsured judgment against us could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. although we have standard contracting policies and controls, we may not always be able to contractually limit our exposure to third party claims should our failure to perform result in downstream supply disruptions or product recalls.
we could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications.
our products provide important performance attributes to our customers' products. if a product fails to perform in a manner consistent with quality specifications, a customer could seek replacement of the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failing to perform as guaranteed. a successful claim or series of claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could result in a loss of one or more key customers.
our future success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. our inability to protect and enforce these rights could reduce our ability to maintain our industry position and our profit margins.
we attach importance to our patents, trademarks, copyrights, know-how and trade secrets in order to protect our investment in research and development, and competitive commercial positions in manufacturing and marketing of our products. we have also adopted internal policies for protecting our know-how and trade secrets. in addition, we sometimes license patents and other technology from third parties. our practice is to seek patent or trade secret protection for significant developments that provide us competitive advantages and freedom to practice for our businesses. patents may cover catalysts, processes, products, intermediate products and product uses. these patents are usually filed throughout the world and provide varying periods and scopes of protection based on the filing date and the type of patent application. the legal life and scope of protection provided by a patent may vary among those countries in which we seek protection. as patents expire, the catalysts, processes and products described and claimed in those patents generally may become available for use by the public subject to our continued protection for associated know-how and trade secrets. we also seek to register trademarks as a means of protecting the brand names of our products, which brand names become more important once the corresponding product or process patents have expired. we operate in regions of the world where intellectual property protection may be limited and difficult to enforce and our continued growth strategy may bring us to additional regions with similar challenges. if we are not successful in protecting or maintaining our patent, license, trademark or other intellectual property rights, our net sales, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.
18
our business is exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our suppliers, customers and business partners and the industries in which our suppliers, customers and business partners participate are cyclical in nature, both of which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
some of the industries in which our end-use customers participate, such as the automotive, electrical, construction and textile industries, are highly competitive, to a large extent driven by end-use applications, and may experience overcapacity, all of which may affect demand for and pricing of our products. our business is exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our key suppliers, customers and business partners and reductions in demand for our customers' products. these risks include the interruption of production at the facilities of our customers, the reduction, delay or cancellation of customer orders, delays in or the inability of customers to obtain financing to purchase our products, delays in or interruptions of the supply of raw materials we purchase and bankruptcy of customers, suppliers or other creditors. in addition, many of these industries are cyclical in nature, thus posing risks to us that vary throughout the year. the occurrence of any of these events may adversely affect our cash flow, profitability and financial condition. furthermore, adverse conditions in the european economy could increase the likelihood and impact of these events for our european customers by potentially limiting end-use customer demand and restricting our customers' access to capital, which could continue to negatively affect our financial results.
environmental regulations and other obligations relating to environmental matters could subject us to liability for fines, clean-ups and other damages, require us to incur significant costs to modify our operations and increase our manufacturing and delivery costs.
costs related to our compliance with environmental laws and regulations, and potential obligations with respect to sites currently or formerly owned or operated by us, may have a significant negative impact on our operating results. we also have obligations related to the indemnity agreement contained in the demerger and transfer agreement between celanese gmbh and hoechst ag for environmental matters arising out of certain divestitures that took place prior to the demerger.
our operations are subject to extensive international, national, state, local and other laws and regulations that govern environmental and health and safety matters. we incur substantial capital and other costs to comply with these requirements. if we violate any one of those laws or regulations, we can be held liable for substantial fines and other sanctions, including limitations on our operations as a result of changes to or revocations of environmental permits involved. stricter environmental, safety and health laws and regulations could result in substantial costs and liabilities to us or limitations on our operations. consequently, compliance with these laws and regulations may negatively affect our earnings and cash flows in a particular reporting period. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources for further information.
changes in environmental, health and safety regulations in the jurisdictions where we manufacture and sell our products could lead to a decrease in demand for our products.
new or revised governmental regulations and independent studies relating to the effect of our products on health, safety or the environment may affect demand for our products and the cost of producing our products. in addition, vam or other chemicals we produce may be classified in a manner that would adversely affect demand for such products.
we are a producer of formaldehyde and plastics derived from formaldehyde. several studies have investigated possible links between formaldehyde exposure and various end points including leukemia. the international agency for research on cancer ("iarc"), a private research agency, has reclassified formaldehyde from group 2a (probable human carcinogen) to group 1 (known human carcinogen) based on studies linking formaldehyde exposure to nasopharyngeal cancer, a rare cancer in humans. in october 2009, iarc also concluded based on a recent study that there is sufficient evidence for a causal association between formaldehyde and the development of leukemia. we expect the results of iarc's review will be examined and considered by government agencies with responsibility for setting worker and environmental exposure standards and labeling requirements.
other pending initiatives potentially will require toxicological testing and risk assessments of a wide variety of chemicals, including chemicals used or produced by us. these initiatives include the voluntary children's chemical evaluation program, high production volume chemical initiative and expected modifications to the toxic substances control act ("tsca") in the us, as well as various european commission programs, such as the registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals ("reach").
the above-mentioned assessments in the us and europe may result in heightened concerns about the chemicals involved and additional requirements being placed on the production, handling, labeling or use of the subject chemicals. such concerns and additional requirements could also increase the cost incurred by our customers to use our chemical products and otherwise limit
19
the use of these products, which could lead to a decrease in demand for these products. such a decrease in demand would likely have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
our production facilities, including facilities we own and/or operate, handle the processing of some volatile and hazardous materials that subject us to operating and other risks that could have a negative effect on our operating results.
our operations are subject to operating and other risks associated with chemical manufacturing, including the related storage and transportation of raw materials, finished products and waste. these risks include, among other things, pipeline and storage tank leaks and ruptures, explosions and fires and discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances.
these operating and other risks can cause personal injury, property damage, third-party damages and environmental contamination, and may result in the shutdown of affected facilities and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. the occurrence of any of these events may disrupt production and have a negative effect on the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, our operating results and cash flows.
us federal regulations aimed at increasing security at certain chemical production plants and similar legislation that may be proposed in the future, if passed into law, may increase our operating costs and cause an adverse effect on our results of operations.
regulations are being implemented by the us department of homeland security ("dhs") aimed at decreasing the risk, and effects, of potential terrorist attacks on chemical plants located within the us. pursuant to these regulations, these goals would be accomplished in part through the requirement that certain high-priority facilities develop a prevention, preparedness, and response plan after conducting a vulnerability assessment. in addition, companies may be required to evaluate the possibility of using less dangerous chemicals and technologies as part of their vulnerability assessments and security plans and implementing feasible safer technologies in order to minimize potential damage to their facilities from a terrorist attack. we cannot determine with certainty the costs associated with any security measures that dhs may require.
we are subject to risks associated with possible climate change legislation, regulation and international accords.
greenhouse gas emissions have become the subject of a large amount of international, national, regional, state and local attention. for example, the environmental protection agency ("epa") has promulgated rules concerning greenhouse gas emissions. in addition, regulation of greenhouse gas also could occur pursuant to future us treaty obligations, statutory or regulatory changes under the clean air act or new climate change legislation. in addition, cap and trade initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions have been introduced in the eu.
while not all are likely to become law, many countries are considering or have implemented regulatory programs to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. future environmental legislative and regulatory developments related to climate change are possible, which could materially increase operating costs in the chemical industry and thereby increase our manufacturing and delivery costs.
our business and financial results may be adversely affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings.
we are subject to legal and regulatory proceedings, lawsuits and claims in the normal course of business and could become subject to additional claims in the future, some of which could be material. the outcome of existing proceedings, lawsuits and claims may differ from our expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to reliably predict. various factors or developments can lead us to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where applicable, or permit us to make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments, or changes in applicable law. a future adverse ruling, settlement, or unfavorable development could result in charges that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition in any particular period. see note 16 - environmental and note 24 - commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
changes in, or the interpretation of, tax legislation or rates throughout the world could materially impact our results.
our future effective tax rate and related tax balance sheet attributes could be impacted by changes in tax legislation throughout the world. in particular, proposed us tax legislation could materially impact our results. currently, the majority of our net sales are generated from customers located outside of the us, and a substantial portion of our assets and employees are located outside of the us. if these funds are needed for our operations in the us, we will access such funds in a tax efficient manner to satisfy cash flow needs.
20
we have not accrued income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings for most non-us subsidiaries, because those earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in the operations of those subsidiaries. certain tax proposals with respect to such earnings could substantially increase our tax expense, which would substantially reduce our income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows from operating activities. currently, there are no contemplated cash distributions that will result in incremental us taxes payable in excess of applicable foreign tax credits related to such undistributed earnings. as a result, we have not provided any deferred income taxes on the portion of undistributed foreign earnings determined not to be permanently reinvested in foreign operations.
our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, expirations of tax holidays, changes in the assessment regarding the realization of the valuation of deferred tax assets, or changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. we are subject to the regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. it is possible the outcomes from these examinations will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
our significant non-us operations expose us to global exchange rate fluctuations that could adversely impact our profitability.
because we conduct a significant portion of our operations outside the us, fluctuations in currencies of other countries, especially the euro, may materially affect our operating results. for example, changes in currency exchange rates may decrease our profits in comparison to the profits of our competitors whose principal operations are conducted in the us on the same products sold in the same industries and increase the cost of items required in our operations.
a substantial portion of our net sales is denominated in currencies other than the us dollar. in our consolidated financial statements, we translate our local currency financial results into us dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing during a reporting period or the exchange rate at the end of that period. during times of a strengthening us dollar our reported international sales, earnings, assets and liabilities will be reduced because the local currency will translate into fewer us dollars.
in addition to currency translation risks, we incur a currency transaction risk whenever one of our operating subsidiaries enters into a purchase or sales transaction using a currency different from the operating subsidiary's functional currency. given the volatility of exchange rates, we may not be able to manage our currency transaction and translation risks effectively. since a portion of our indebtedness is and will be denominated in currencies other than us dollars, a weakening of the us dollar could make it more difficult for us to repay our indebtedness denominated in foreign currencies unless we have cash flows in those foreign currencies from our foreign operations to repay such indebtedness.
we use financial instruments to hedge certain exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, but we cannot guarantee that our hedging strategies will be effective. in addition, the use of financial instruments creates counterparty settlement risk. failure to effectively manage these risks could have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to information technology security threats that could materially affect our business.
we have been and will continue to be subject to advanced persistent information technology security threats. while some unauthorized access to our information technology systems occurs, we believe to date these threats have not had a material impact on our business. we seek to detect and investigate these security incidents and to prevent their recurrence but in some cases we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. the theft, mis-use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information or the compromising of our systems or networks could harm our competitive position, cause operational disruption, reduce the value of our investment in research and development of new products and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business or results of operations. to the extent that any security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our employees', customers' or vendors' confidential information, we may incur liability as a result. although we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including monitoring of our systems and networks, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products and services remain potentially vulnerable to increasingly sophisticated advanced persistent threats that may have a material effect on our business. in addition, the devotion of additional resources to the security of our information technology systems in the future could significantly increase the cost of doing business or otherwise adversely impact our financial results.
21
our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key employees and the identification and development of talent to succeed senior management.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, and we rely heavily on our management team. the inability to recruit and retain key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations. in addition, because of our reliance on our management team, our future success depends in part on our ability to identify and develop talent to succeed senior management. the retention of key personnel and appropriate senior management succession planning will continue to be important to the successful implementation of our strategies.
significant changes in pension fund investment performance or assumptions relating to pension costs may have a material effect on the valuation of pension obligations, the funded status of pension plans and our pension cost.
the cost of our pension plans is incurred over long periods of time and involves many uncertainties during those periods of time. our funding policy for pension plans is to accumulate plan assets that, over the long run, will approximate the present value of projected benefit obligations. our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rate used to measure pension obligations, the level and value of plan assets available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets will likely result in corresponding increases and decreases in the valuation of plan assets and a change in the discount rate or mortality assumptions will likely result in an increase or decrease in the valuation of pension obligations. the combined impact of these changes will affect the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years. in recent years, an extended duration strategy in the asset portfolio has been implemented in some plans to reduce the influence of liability volatility due to changes in interest rates. if the funded status of a pension plan declines, we may be required to make unscheduled contributions in addition to those contributions for which we have already planned.
some of our employees are unionized, represented by workers councils or are subject to local laws that are less favorable to employers than the laws of the us.
as of december 31, 2014, we had 7,468 employees. approximately 18% of our 2,877 us-based employees are unionized. our two us-based collective bargaining agreements expire in 2016 and 2017. at the largest union site, narrows, virginia, we successfully concluded contract negotiations on a three year contract in april 2014. this contract settled without any labor dispute or unrest. planning for our meredosia, illinois negotiations, a site of only 25 union represented employees, will begin in 2015 and we expect to successfully conclude negotiations by january 2016. in addition, a large number of our employees are employed in countries in which employment laws provide greater bargaining or other employment rights than the laws of the us. such employment rights require us to work collaboratively with the legal representatives of the employees to effect any changes to labor agreements. most of our employees in europe are represented by workers councils and/or unions that must approve any changes in terms and conditions of employment, including potentially salaries and benefits. they may also impede efforts to restructure our workforce. although we believe we have a good working relationship with our employees and their legal representatives a strike, work stoppage, or slowdown by our employees could occur, resulting in a disruption of our operations or higher ongoing labor costs.
provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as any stockholders' rights plan, may discourage a takeover attempt.
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders. provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws impose various procedural and other requirements, which could make it more difficult for stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. for example, our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of unissued series of preferred stock, without any vote or action by our stockholders. thus, our board of directors can authorize and issue shares of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting or other rights of holders of our series a common stock, par value $0.0001 per share ("common stock"). these rights may have the effect of delaying or deterring a change of control of our company. in addition, a change of control of our company may be delayed or deterred as a result of our having three classes of directors (each class elected for a three year term) or as a result of any stockholders' rights plan that our board of directors may adopt. these provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.
22
we may incur significant charges in the event we close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility.
we periodically assess our manufacturing operations in order to manufacture and distribute our products in the most efficient manner. based on our assessments, we may make capital improvements to modernize certain units, move manufacturing or distribution capabilities from one plant or facility to another plant or facility, discontinue manufacturing or distributing certain products or close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility. we also have shared services agreements at several of our plants and if such agreements are terminated or revised, we would assess and potentially adjust our manufacturing operations. the closure or divestiture of all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility could result in future charges that could be significant. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
we may not be able to complete future acquisitions or successfully integrate future acquisitions into our business, which could adversely affect our business or results of operations.
as part of our growth strategy, we intend to pursue acquisitions and joint venture opportunities. successful accomplishment of this objective may be limited by the availability and suitability of acquisition candidates and by our financial resources, including available cash and borrowing capacity. acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulty determining appropriate valuation, integrating operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired lines or businesses, personnel turnover and the diversion of management's attention from other business matters. in addition, we may be unable to achieve anticipated benefits from these acquisitions in the time frame that we anticipate, or at all, which could adversely affect our business or results of operations.
the insurance coverage that we maintain may not fully cover all operational risks.
we maintain property, business interruption and casualty insurance but such insurance may not cover all of the risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and maximum liabilities covered. we may incur losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of our insurance policies, including liabilities for environmental remediation. in the future, the types of insurance we obtain and the level of coverage we maintain may be inadequate or we may be unable to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost.
differences in views with our joint venture participants may cause our joint ventures not to operate according to their business plans, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
we currently participate in a number of joint ventures and may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. the nature of a joint venture requires us to share control with unaffiliated third parties. differences in views among joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or failure to agree on major decisions. if these differences cause the joint ventures to deviate from their business plans or to fail to achieve their desired operating performance, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
risks related to our indebtedness our level of indebtedness and other liabilities could diminish our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations or refinance our existing indebtedness when it matures, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or the chemicals industry and prevent us from meeting obligations under our indebtedness.
see note 14 - debt in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information about our indebtedness. see note 13 - noncurrent other liabilities, note 15 - benefit obligations and note 16 - environmental in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information about our other obligations.
our level of indebtedness and other liabilities could have important consequences, including:
•   increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions including exacerbating the impact of any adverse business effects that are determined to be material adverse events under our existing senior credit agreement (the "amended credit agreement") or our indentures (the "indentures") governing our €300 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.250% senior unsecured notes due 2019, $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior unsecured notes due 2021 and $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior unsecured notes due 2022 (collectively, the "senior notes");
•   requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness and amounts payable in connection with the satisfaction of our other liabilities, therefore reducing our ability
23
to use our cash flow to fund operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities or pay dividends on our common stock;
•   exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest;
•   exposing us to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates as certain of our borrowings are denominated in foreign currencies;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes;
•   limiting our ability to enter into certain commercial arrangements because of concerns of counterparty risks; and
•   limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who have less debt.
we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could increase the risks described above.
although covenants under the amended credit agreement and the indentures limit our ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness we could incur in compliance with these restrictions could be significant. to the extent that we incur additional indebtedness, the risks associated with our debt described above, including our possible inability to service our debt, including the senior notes, would increase.
our variable rate and euro denominated indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly and affect our operating results.
certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest or are euro denominated, which exposes us to interest rate risk and currency exchange rate risk, respectively. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources, item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk below and note 22 - derivative financial instruments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on the financial condition and operating performance of our subsidiaries, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. we may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. in the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.
restrictive covenants in our debt agreements may limit our ability to engage in certain transactions and may diminish our ability to make payments on our indebtedness or pay dividends.
the amended credit agreement, the indentures and the receivables purchase agreement (the "purchase agreement") governing our receivables securitization facility each contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. the amended credit agreement requires us to maintain a maximum first lien senior secured leverage ratio if there are outstanding borrowings or letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility. our ability to meet this financial ratio can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to meet this test at all.
the amended credit agreement also contains covenants including, but not limited to, restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness; grant liens on assets; merge, consolidate, or sell assets; pay dividends or make other restricted payments; make
24
investments; prepay or modify certain indebtedness; engage in transactions with affiliates; enter into sale-leaseback transactions or hedge transactions; or engage in other businesses.
in addition, the indentures limit celanese us's and certain of its subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur additional debt; pay dividends or make other restricted payments; consummate specified asset sales; enter into transactions with affiliates; incur liens, impose restrictions on the ability of a subsidiary to pay dividends or make payments to celanese us and its restricted subsidiaries; merge or consolidate with any other person; and sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of celanese us's assets or the assets of its restricted subsidiaries.
the purchase agreement also contains covenants including, but not limited to, restrictions on ce receivables llc, a wholly-owned, "bankruptcy remote" special purpose subsidiary of the company, and certain other company subsidiaries' ability to incur indebtedness; grant liens on assets; merge, consolidate, or sell assets; pay dividends or make other restricted payments; make investments; prepay or modify certain indebtedness; or engage in other businesses.
such restrictions in our debt obligations could result in us having to obtain the consent of our lenders and holders of the senior notes in order to take certain actions. disruptions in credit markets may prevent us from obtaining or make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain such consents. our ability to expand our business or to address declines in our business may be limited if we are unable to obtain such consents.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, a default under the amended credit agreement could permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of our indebtedness under the amended credit agreement and to terminate any commitments to lend. if we were unable to repay or refinance such indebtedness, the lenders under the amended credit agreement could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. our subsidiaries have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral to secure our indebtedness under the amended credit agreement. if the lenders under the amended credit agreement accelerate the repayment of such indebtedness, we may not have sufficient liquidity to repay such amounts or our other indebtedness, including the senior notes. in such event, we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation.
celanese and celanese us are holding companies and depend on subsidiaries to satisfy their obligations under the senior notes and the guarantee of celanese us's obligations under the senior notes and the amended credit agreement by celanese.
as holding companies, celanese and celanese us conduct substantially all of their operations through their subsidiaries, which own substantially all of our consolidated assets. consequently, the principal source of cash to pay celanese and celanese us's obligations, including obligations under the senior notes and the guarantee of celanese us's obligations under the amended credit agreement and the indentures by celanese, is the cash that our subsidiaries generate from their operations. we cannot assure that our subsidiaries will be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable celanese us and/or celanese to make payments in respect of their obligations. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, applicable country or state laws, regulatory limitations and terms of our debt instruments may limit our subsidiaries' ability to distribute cash to celanese us and celanese. while the amended credit agreement and the indentures limit the ability of our subsidiaries to put restrictions on paying dividends or making other intercompany payments to us, these limitations are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, which may have the effect of significantly restricting the applicability of those limits. in the event celanese us and/or celanese do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, celanese us and/or celanese may be unable to make required payments on the indebtedness under the amended credit agreement, the indentures, the guarantee of celanese us's obligations under the amended credit agreement and the indentures by celanese, or our other indebtedness.
item 1a. risk factors of this annual report also contains a description of certain risk factors that you should consider which could significantly affect our financial results. in addition, the following factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. these factors include, among other things:
•   changes in general economic, business, political and regulatory conditions in the countries or regions in which we operate;
•   the length and depth of product and industry business cycles particularly in the automotive, electrical, textiles, electronics and construction industries;
•   changes in the price and availability of raw materials, particularly changes in the demand for, supply of, and market prices of ethylene, methanol, natural gas, wood pulp and fuel oil and the prices for electricity and other energy sources;
•   the ability to pass increases in raw material prices on to customers or otherwise improve margins through price increases;
•   the ability to maintain plant utilization rates and to implement planned capacity additions and expansions;
•   the ability to reduce or maintain current levels of production costs and to improve productivity by implementing technological improvements to existing plants;
•   increased price competition and the introduction of competing products by other companies;
•   market acceptance of our technology;
•   the ability to obtain governmental approvals and to construct facilities on terms and schedules acceptable to the company;
•   changes in the degree of intellectual property and other legal protection afforded to our products or technologies, or the theft of such intellectual property;
•   compliance and other costs and potential disruption or interruption of production or operations due to accidents, interruptions in sources of raw materials, cyber security incidents, terrorism or political unrest, or other unforeseen events
32
or delays in construction or operation of facilities, including as a result of geopolitical conditions, the occurrence of acts of war or terrorist incidents or as a result of weather or natural disasters;
•   potential liability for remedial actions and increased costs under existing or future environmental regulations, including those relating to climate change;
•   potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation, or from changes in the laws, regulations or policies of governments or other governmental activities in the countries in which we operate;
•   changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates;
•   our level of indebtedness, which could diminish our ability to raise additional capital to fund operations or limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or the chemicals industry; and
•   various other factors, both referenced and not referenced in this annual report.
many of these factors are macroeconomic in nature and are, therefore, beyond our control. should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially from those described in this annual report as anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, planned or projected. we neither intend nor assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
overview we are a global technology and specialty materials company. we are one of the world's largest producers of acetyl products, which are intermediate chemicals, for nearly all major industries, as well as a leading global producer of high performance engineered polymers that are used in a variety of high-value applications. as a recognized innovator in the chemicals industry, we engineer and manufacture a wide variety of products essential to everyday living. our broad product portfolio serves a diverse set of end-use applications including paints and coatings, textiles, automotive applications, consumer and medical applications, performance industrial applications, filtration applications, paper and packaging, chemical additives, construction, consumer and industrial adhesives, and food and beverage applications. our products enjoy leading global positions due to our large global production capacity, operating efficiencies, proprietary production technology and competitive cost structures.
our large and diverse global customer base primarily consists of major companies in a broad array of industries. we hold geographically balanced global positions and participate in diversified end-use applications. we combine a demonstrated track record of execution, strong performance built on shared principles and objectives, and a clear focus on growth and value creation. known for operational excellence and execution of our business strategies, we deliver value to customers around the globe with best-in-class technologies and solutions.
2014 highlights
•   we received the american composites manufacturers association's most creative composites application award for "excellence in the design category" for high-performance carbon fiber strands used in overhead conductors.
•   we introduced a family of low-friction and low-wear thermoplastic polymers for medical devices that enables the device to operate smoothly providing a high degree of patient comfort and consistency.
•   we opened a new sales center in istanbul, turkey to support customer growth of our intermediate chemistry, engineered materials and emulsion polymers businesses in turkey and the greater european region.
•   we announced the formation of a commercial and technology center in mexico to support the growth of global customers, particularly in latin america, and to advance technical capabilities.
•   we signed a letter of intent with setsunakasei co. ltd. ("setsunan") to compound our engineered polymers in setsunan's japanese facilities.
•   we increased our share repurchase authorization to $500 million. as of december 31, 2014, we had $451 million remaining under the repurchase authorization.
33
•   celanese us issued €300 million of 3.250% senior unsecured notes due 2019. celanese us also redeemed on october 15, 2014 its $600 million 6.625% senior unsecured notes due 2018 and amended its existing senior secured credit facilities.
•   we acquired substantially all of the assets of cool polymers, inc., based in north kingstown, rhode island. the acquisition will accelerate our entry into thermally conductive polymers by building on cool polymers, inc.'s polymer formulation expertise, application development capabilities and strong product portfolio.
•   we signed a memorandum of understanding with indian oil corporation to explore the potential of a joint investment in a fuel ethanol plant to be built in india, based on our tcx® technology.
•   we commercially launched our celfxtm technology for the japanese market. celfxtm combines our proprietary binder and carbon to create a unique construction which allows concentrated filtration while maintaining full air flow.
•   we launched a uniquely low-friction and low-wear grade of acetal copolymer. this compound enables the production of injection molded parts with a very low coefficient of friction and wear rate, reducing energy loss, heat generation and noise in mechanical systems for industrial, transportation and consumer products and applications.
•   we received a corporate family rating upgrade from moody's investors service to ba1 from ba2.
•   we filed for air permits with the texas commission on environmental quality for our potential methanol unit in bishop, texas. we are seeking local economic incentives for this unit with an expected annual capacity of 1.3 million tons.
•   we received the american chemistry council's responsible care company of the year award along with three other companies in recognition of outstanding achievements in environmental, health, safety and security performance.
•   we opened our commercial technology center in seoul, republic of korea. the research and development center will support customer growth in south korea and advance the technical capabilities of our product portfolio.
•   we expanded our compounding capabilities at our integrated chemical complex in nanjing, china, to include polyphenylene sulfide ("pps"). pps is used to replace metals and thermosets in applications spanning the automotive, electronics and aerospace industries.
•   we announced the expansion of our florence, kentucky facility to add compounding process lines to support demand for our engineered materials business. the unit is expected to be operational in the second quarter of 2015.
•   we announced the expansion of our suzano, brazil facility to include long-fiber reinforced thermoplastics production by mid-2015 to serve customers in brazil and latin america.
•   we announced our intent to construct a vinyl acetate ethylene ("vae") emulsions unit in southeast asia. the unit will allow us to better serve customers with high-end applications in the architectural coatings, building and construction, carpet and paper industries. the unit is expected to begin production by the end of 2016.
•   we increased our quarterly series a common stock, par value $0.0001 per share ("common stock") cash dividend by 39%, from $0.72 to $1.00 per share of common stock on an annual basis. this increased our dividend payout ratio to approximately 20%.
•   we formed a joint venture, fairway methanol llc ("fairway"), with mitsui &amp; co., ltd., of tokyo, japan ("mitsui"), in which we own 50% of fairway, for the production of methanol at our integrated chemical plant in clear lake, texas. we received the final greenhouse gas permit from the us environmental protection agency for the methanol unit and began construction. the planned methanol facility will have an annual capacity of 1.3 million tons and is expected to be operational in the second half of 2015.
•   we received the best supplier award from whirlpool based on outstanding performance on quality, delivery and customer service.
34
•   our engineered materials business introduced several differentiated polymer technologies that broaden our access to the utility industry, the oil and gas industry, original equipment manufacturers and companies that enhance supply chain efficiency. these include:
◦   composite technologies for the utility industry that deliver greater reliability, capacity and performance for utility transmission lines, as well as spoolable pipe systems that meet the harsh demands of deepwater operations in the oil and gas industry.
◦   anti-counterfeiting technologies that help original equipment manufacturers and suppliers ensure products contain components and parts that meet their specifications.
◦   polymers that feature excellent chemical and thermal resistance, high hardness, rigidity and dimensional stability to withstand extreme industrial environments required by the rfid (radio-frequency identification) industry.
35
results of operations financial highlights year ended december 31,
2014                                                                                      2013                  2012
(in $ millions, except percentages)
statement of operations data net sales                                                   6,802                 6,510                 6,418
gross profit                                                1,616                 1,365                 1,181
selling, general and administrative ("sg&amp;a") expenses    (758   )              (311   )              (830   )
other (charges) gains, net                                     15                  (158   )               (14   )
operating profit (loss)                                       758                 1,508                   175
equity in net earnings of affiliates                          246                   180                   242
interest expense                                             (147   )              (172   )              (185   )
refinancing expense                                           (29   )                (1   )                (3   )
dividend income - cost investments                            116                    93                    85
earnings (loss) from continuing operations before tax         941                 1,609                   321
earnings (loss) from continuing operations                    627                 1,101                   376
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                   (7   )                 -                    (4   )
net earnings (loss)                                           620                 1,101                   372
net earnings (loss) attributable to celanese corporation      624                 1,101                   372
other data depreciation and amortization                                 290                   305                   308
sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales               11.1   %               4.8   %              12.9   %
operating margin(1)                                          11.1   %              23.2   %               2.7   %
other (charges) gains, net employee termination benefits                                  (7   )               (23   )                (6   )
kelsterbach plant relocation                                    -                   (13   )                (7   )
plumbing actions                                                -                     -                     5
asset impairments                                               -                   (81   )                (8   )
plant/office closures                                           2                   (33   )                 -
commercial disputes                                            11                    (8   )                 2
other                                                           9                     -                     -
total other (charges) gains, net                               15                  (158   )               (14   )
_____________________________
(1)   defined as operating profit (loss) divided by net sales.
as of december 31,
2014                                                                                                                       2013
(in $ millions)
balance sheet data cash and cash equivalents                                                                         780                 984
short-term borrowings and current installments of long-term debt - third party and affiliates     137                 177
long-term debt                                                                                  2,608               2,887
total debt                                                                                      2,745               3,064
36
factors affecting business segment net sales the percentage increase (decrease) in net sales attributable to each of the factors indicated for each of our business segments is as follows:
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
volume         price       currency       other           total
(in percentages)
advanced engineered materials     9             (1    )       -              -              8
consumer specialties             (5   )          1            -              -             (4    )
industrial specialties            1              5            -              -              6
acetyl intermediates             (3   )         11            -              -              8
total company                     -              6            -              (1   )         5
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
volume         price       currency       other         total
(in percentages)
advanced engineered materials     5              1                   1       -            7
consumer specialties             (4   )          6                   -       -            2
industrial specialties           (1   )         (3   )               2       -           (2    )
acetyl intermediates              1             (2   )               1       -            -
total company                     -              -                   1       -            1
pension and postretirement benefit plan costs the increase (decrease) in pension and other postretirement plan net periodic benefit cost for each of our business segments is as follows:
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
advanced engineered materials        consumer specialties         industrial specialties         acetyl intermediates             other activities          total
(in $ millions)
service cost                                       (8               )                   (4           )               (3            )                (5           )                      (4          )       (24    )
interest cost and expected return on plan assets   -                                    -                            -                              -                                   18                   18
amortization of prior service credit(1)            (24              )                   (15          )               (7            )                (14          )                     (12          )       (72    )
recognized actuarial (gain) loss(2)                -                                    -                            -                              -                                  454                  454
curtailment / settlement (gain) loss(3)            (6               )                   (3           )               (11           )                (4           )                      (2          )       (26    )
total                                              (38              )                   (22          )               (21           )                (23          )                     454                  350
______________________________
(1)   primarily relates to the elimination of eligibility for current and future employees and the elimination of benefits for certain participants under a us postretirement health care plan.
(2)   relates to a decrease in the weighted average discount rate used to determine benefit obligations from 4.6% to 3.7% and a loss of $52 million reflecting the incorporation of the rp-2014 mortality tables into the actuarial assumptions for the us qualified pension plans as of december 31, 2014.
(3)   primarily relates to actions taken in 2014 to offer a limited-time, voluntary buyout to certain participants of the company's us qualified defined benefit pension plan with a vested benefit.
37
advanced engineered materials         consumer specialties         industrial specialties         acetyl intermediates          other activities          total
(in $ millions)
cost of sales                                  (22   )                          (18   )                        (8   )                       (11   )                      36                  (23    )
sg&amp;a expenses                              (12   )                           (3   )                       (11   )                        (6   )                     411                  379
research and development expenses               (4   )                           (1   )                        (2   )                        (6   )                       7                   (6    )
total                                          (38   )                          (22   )                       (21   )                       (23   )                     454                  350
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
advanced engineered materials        consumer specialties            industrial specialties      acetyl intermediates            other activities          total
(in $ millions)
service cost                                       2                                 1                                         2                 1                            1                        7
interest cost and expected return on plan assets   -                                    -                                      -                    -                                 (37   )              (37   )
amortization of prior service credit(1)            (5               )                   (3           )                        (1   )                (3           )                     (2   )              (14   )
recognized actuarial (gain) loss(2)                -                                    -                                      -                    -                                (493   )             (493   )
curtailment / settlement (gain) loss(3)            (21              )                   (12          )                         4                    (12          )                    (11   )              (52   )
total                                              (24              )                   (14          )                         5                    (14          )                   (542   )             (589   )
______________________________
(1)   primarily relates to the elimination of eligibility for current and future employees and the elimination of benefits for certain participants under a us postretirement health care plan.
(2)   primarily relates to an increase in the weighted average discount rate used to determine benefit obligations from 3.8% to 4.6%.
(3)   primarily relates to actions taken in 2013 on certain pension plans in the us, the united kingdom and canada.
advanced engineered materials         consumer specialties         industrial specialties         acetyl intermediates         other activities          total
(in $ millions)
cost of sales                                  (14   )                          (11   )                        (2   )                        (7   )                    (39   )              (73   )
sg&amp;a expenses                               (7   )                           (2   )                         7                            (3   )                   (495   )             (500   )
research and development expenses               (3   )                           (1   )                         -                            (4   )                     (8   )              (16   )
total                                          (24   )                          (14   )                         5                           (14   )                   (542   )             (589   )
see note 15 - benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
consolidated results - year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
net sales increased $292 million, or 4.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to higher vinyl acetate monomer ("vam") and acetic acid pricing in our acetyl intermediates segment and higher volume globally in our advanced engineered materials segment fueled by growth in automotive, medical and industrial applications.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $447 million, or 143.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to an increase in pension and other postretirement plan net periodic benefit cost of $379 million, higher functional and project spending of $43 million and an increase in incentive compensation costs of $25 million.
other (charges) gains, net changed $173 million, or 109.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to $138 million of lower charges in our acetyl intermediates segment. the lower charges were a result of the impact of permanent capacity reductions in europe in december 2013. accordingly, we recorded $20 million of
38
employee termination benefits, $33 million of contract termination costs and $34 million of long-lived asset impairment losses during the three months ended december 31, 2013. we also recorded long-lived asset impairment losses of $46 million related to our singapore acetic acid production unit during that period. see note 18 - other (charges) gains, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
operating profit decreased $750 million, or 49.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 reflective of an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses and the recognition of a gain of $742 million during the three months ended december 31, 2013, which represented the deferred proceeds in excess of divested assets as a result of the 2006 settlement agreement with the frankfurt, germany airport ("fraport") to move our german polyacetal ("pom") operations. the proceeds were included in our advanced engineered materials segment. see note 28 - plant relocation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information. the decrease was partially offset by higher vam and acetic acid pricing in our acetyl intermediates segment, as well as the impact of permanent capacity reductions in europe in december 2013. operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2014 decreased to 11.1 % from 23.2 % in 2013.
equity in net earnings of affiliates increased $66 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to a $48 million gain resulting from restructuring the debt of a subsidiary of infraserv gmbh & co. hoechst kg during the three months ended june 30, 2014 and an increase in equity investment earnings of $13 million from our polyplastics co., ltd. ("polyplastics") strategic affiliate. our equity investment in infraserv gmbh & co. hoechst kg is owned primarily by an entity included in other activities.
our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 was 33% compared to 32% for the year ended december 31, 2013.
we begin 2015 with a strong core business and specific productivity initiatives that will help mitigate some of the anticipated volatility in the macroeconomic environment. our focus will be on the things we can control such as energy savings, efficiencies in plant operations and increased alignment of our applications and product development pipeline to fit our customers' needs and growth. these initiatives combined with our underlying business should contribute to earnings in 2015.
consolidated results - year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012
net sales increased $92 million, or 1.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to higher volume in our advanced engineered materials segment resulting from increased penetration in automotive applications in the americas and asia and targeted growth programs within asia for our consumer and industrial applications.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $519 million, or 62.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to a decrease in pension and other postretirement plan net periodic benefit cost of $500 million.
other (charges) gains, net changed $144 million, or 1,028.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to $141 million of higher expenses in our acetyl intermediates segment primarily related to the closure of our acetic anhydride facility in roussillon, france and our vam facility in tarragona, spain, as well as long-lived impairment losses related to our singapore acetic acid production unit. see note 18 - other (charges) gains, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
operating profit increased $1,333 million, or 761.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 reflective of increased net sales, decreased selling, general and administrative expenses and the december 2013 recognition of a gain of $742 million, which represented the deferred proceeds in excess of divested assets as a result of the 2006 settlement agreement with fraport to move our german pom operations.
equity in net earnings of affiliates decreased $62 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to $19 million of lower earnings from our ibn sina affiliate and $18 million of lower earnings in our polyplastics affiliate both included in our advanced engineered materials segment. during the year ended december 31, 2013, our infraserv hoechst affiliate recorded one-time employee termination benefits resulting in a reduction of net earnings of affiliates of $8 million of which $1 million was attributable to our consumer specialties segment, $2 million to our acetyl intermediates segment and $5 million to other activities.
our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2013 was 32% compared to (17)% for the year ended december 31, 2012. the effective tax rate for 2012 was favorably impacted by foreign tax credit carryforwards realized in the us and offset by deferred tax charges related to changes in assessment regarding permanent reinvestment of certain foreign earnings.
39
business segments advanced engineered materials year ended                                            year ended december 31,                                          december 31,
2014                                                                  2013            change              2013              2012           change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                                     1,459             1,352              107              1,352             1,261              91
net sales variance volume                                            9   %                                                 5    %
price                                           (1)   %                                                 1    %
currency                                          -   %                                                 1    %
other                                             -   %                                                 -    %
other (charges) gains, net                       (1   )           (13    )          12                (13    )           (2    )        (11   )
operating profit (loss)                         221               904             (683   )            904                95             809
operating margin                               15.1   %          66.9    %                           66.9    %          7.5    %
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates     161               148               13                148               190             (42   )
depreciation and amortization                   106               110               (4   )            110               113              (3   )
our advanced engineered materials segment includes our engineered materials business and certain strategic affiliates. our engineered materials business develops, produces and supplies a broad portfolio of high performance specialty polymers for automotive and medical applications, as well as industrial products and consumer electronics. together with our strategic affiliates, our engineered materials business is a leading participant in the global specialty polymers industry. the primary products of advanced engineered materials are polyoxymethylene, also commonly known as pom, ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene ("uhmw-pe"), polybutylene terephthalate ("pbt"), long-fiber reinforced thermoplastics ("lfrt") and liquid crystal polymers ("lcp"). pom, lfrt and pbt are used in automotive and medical applications as well as consumer electronics, appliances and industrial products. uhmw-pe, sold under the gur® trademark, is used in battery separators, conveyor belts, filtration equipment, coatings and medical applications. primary end uses for lcp are electrical applications or products and consumer electronics. pps, sold under the fortron® brand, is a key product of fortron industries llc, one of our strategic affiliates. pps is used in a wide variety of automotive and other applications, especially those requiring heat and/or chemical resistance.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
advanced engineered materials' net sales increased $107 million, or 7.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to higher volume globally, partially offset by lower pricing for pom and gur® due to shifts in product and geographic sales mix. in europe, volume increased due to strong growth in nearly all product lines. volume in the americas increased primarily driven by growth in pom in automotive applications and gur® in medical and industrial applications. in asia, volume increased across all product lines resulting from targeted customer focus and the implementation of growth strategies.
operating profit decreased $683 million, or 75.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily driven by the recognition of a gain of $742 million during the three months ended december 31, 2013, which represents the deferred proceeds in excess of divested assets as a result of the 2006 settlement agreement with fraport to move our german pom operations. lower pricing, a $16 million negative impact from inventory build in the same period in 2013 in response to a planned turnaround during the three months ended september 30, 2014 and higher expenses of $11 million related to plant maintenance also contributed to decreased operating profit. these decreases were partially offset by higher volume and lower net periodic benefit cost of $38 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013. operating profit also benefited from an increase of $12 million from other (charges) gains, net for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013. the positive impact of other (charges) gains, net primarily reflects a decrease in costs associated with the relocation and expansion of our german pom operations.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates increased $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to an increase in equity investment earnings of $13 million from our polyplastics strategic
40
affiliate. equity investment earnings for polyplastics increased as a result of higher volume, lower turnaround expenses and lower restructuring charges related to one of their affiliates.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012
advanced engineered materials' net sales increased $91 million, or 7.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to increased pom and lfrt volume resulting from increased penetration in automotive applications in the americas and asia. volume in asia also improved across all product lines due to targeted growth programs in consumer and industrial applications. higher pricing and product mix, mainly for medical applications, also contributed to the increase in net sales for the year ended december 31, 2013.
operating profit increased $809 million, or 851.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily driven by the recognition of a gain of $742 million, which represents the deferred proceeds in excess of divested assets as a result of the 2006 settlement agreement with fraport to move our german pom operations. a decrease in net periodic benefit cost of $24 million also contributed to the increase in operating profit. increased volume, a shift in product mix to higher margin medical applications and slightly lower raw material costs also contributed to increased operating profit. these changes were partially offset by higher energy costs of $21 million resulting from higher prices and usage and an $11 million negative impact from other (charges) gains, net for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the same period in 2012. the negative impact of other (charges) gains, net primarily reflects an increase of $6 million in costs associated with the relocation and expansion of our german pom operations and a 2012 $4 million legal reserve reduction associated with plumbing actions.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates decreased $42 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to decreases in equity investment earnings from our ibn sina and polyplastics strategic affiliates of $19 million and $18 million, respectively. the decrease in ibn sina equity investment earnings was largely the result of the timing of turnaround activity, lower methyl tertiary-butyl ether pricing and lower sales volume. polyplastics' equity investment earnings decreased due to slightly lower pricing, higher turnaround and sales expenses and restructuring charges related to one of their affiliates.
consumer specialties year ended december 31,                                    year ended december 31,
2014                                                                        2013           change                2013                  2012           change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                                     1,160                 1,214               (54     )        1,214                 1,186                28
net sales variance volume                                          (5)   %                                                     (4     )%
price                                             1   %                                                      6      %
currency                                          -   %                                                      -      %
other                                             -   %                                                      -      %
other (charges) gains, net                       16                     -                16                  -                    (4      )          4
operating profit (loss)                         388                   346                42                346                   251                95
operating margin                               33.4   %              28.5      %                          28.5      %           21.2      %
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates       9                     3                 6                  3                     6                (3   )
dividend income - cost investments              115                    92                23                 92                    83                 9
depreciation and amortization                    43                    41                 2                 41                    45                (4   )
our consumer specialties segment includes our cellulose derivatives and food ingredients businesses, which serve consumer-driven applications. our cellulose derivatives business is a leading global producer and supplier of acetate flake, acetate film and acetate tow, primarily used in filtration applications. our food ingredients business is a leading international supplier of premium quality ingredients for the food and beverage and pharmaceuticals industries and is a leading producer of food protection ingredients, such as potassium sorbate and sorbic acid. our food ingredients business produces and sells the qorustm sweetener system and sunett® high intensity sweeteners.
41
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
net sales decreased $54 million, or 4.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to lower acetate tow volume globally and lower acetate flake pricing under a legacy contract. these were slightly offset by a 6% increase in acetate tow pricing reflecting favorable shifts in customer mix, higher acetate flake volume and higher volume in our food ingredients business primarily related to sorbates.
operating profit increased $42 million, or 12.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013, despite lower net sales, primarily due to favorable acetate tow pricing as well as lower raw material and energy costs of $43 million as a result of productivity initiatives in our cellulose derivatives business. operating profit was also favorably impacted by a decrease in net periodic benefit cost of $22 million. an increase in other (charges) gains, net of $16 million primarily due to an arbitration award against a former utility operator at our cellulose derivatives manufacturing facility in narrows, virginia also contributed to the increase in operating profit.
dividend income from cost investments increased $23 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to higher earnings from our cellulose derivatives ventures resulting from higher volume and acetate tow pricing as well as lower energy costs.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012
net sales increased $28 million, or 2.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to higher pricing in the cellulose derivatives business partially offset by lower volume in both the cellulose derivatives and food ingredients businesses. acetate tow pricing increased 8% across all regions while volume declined due to the cessation of manufacturing of acetate flake and acetate tow at our spondon, united kingdom facility in november 2012.
operating profit increased $95 million, or 37.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to the increase in acetate tow pricing and a $57 million favorable impact from the cessation of production of acetate flake and acetate tow at our spondon, derby, united kingdom facility in november 2012, including lower energy and plant costs. a decrease in net periodic benefit cost of $14 million contributed to the increase in operating profit.
industrial specialties year ended december 31,                                    year ended december 31,
2014                                                          2013           change                2013                  2012           change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                       1,224                 1,155                69              1,155                 1,184               (29   )
net sales variance volume                              1   %                                                    (1)      %
price                               5   %                                                    (3)      %
currency                            -   %                                                      2      %
other                               -   %                                                      -      %
other (charges) gains, net         (1   )                (4      )          3                 (4      )              -                (4   )
operating profit (loss)            76                    64                12                 64                    86               (22   )
operating margin                  6.2   %               5.5      %                           5.5      %            7.3      %
depreciation and amortization      48                    52                (4   )             52                    55                (3   )
our industrial specialties segment includes our emulsion polymers and eva polymers businesses. our emulsion polymers business is a leading global producer of vinyl acetate-based emulsions and develops products and application technologies to improve performance, create value and drive innovation in applications such as paints and coatings, adhesives, construction, glass fiber, textiles and paper. our emulsion polymers products are sold under globally and regionally recognized brands including ecovae®, mowilith®, vinamul®, celvolit®, duroset®, tufcor® and avicor®. our eva polymers business is a leading north american manufacturer of a full range of specialty ethylene vinyl acetate ("eva") resins and compounds as well as select grades of low-density polyethylene. sold under the ateva® and vitaldose® brands, these products are used in many applications, including flexible packaging films, lamination film products, hot melt adhesives, medical tubing, automotive parts and carpeting.
42
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
net sales increased $69 million, or 6.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to higher pricing and volume. in our emulsion polymers business, pricing increased primarily due to higher raw material costs for vam in europe, asia and north america. volume increases were driven by a targeted strategy in asia, primarily in adhesive and construction products and paints and coatings products, and by higher demand in europe.
operating profit increased $12 million, or 18.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily attributable to higher pricing and volume. operating profit benefited from increased pricing and volume in our emulsion polymers business and a decrease in net periodic benefit cost of $21 million. these increases were partially offset by higher raw material prices, primarily vam, of $65 million in our emulsion polymers business across all regions.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012
net sales decreased $29 million, or 2.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily reflecting lower pricing for both the emulsion polymers and eva polymers businesses partially offset by favorable currency impacts resulting from a strong euro and chinese renminbi to the us dollar. lower pricing in our emulsion polymers business was driven by lower raw material costs across all regions, primarily vam in europe and asia and ethylene in north america. lower pricing across all product lines in our eva polymers business was driven by lower raw material costs, primarily ethylene, lower demand in asia and north america as well as strong supply into several end-use applications, including hot melt adhesives and photovoltaic cells.
operating profit decreased $22 million, or 25.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 reflecting lower pricing in our eva polymers businesses and an increase in net periodic benefit cost of $5 million.
acetyl intermediates year ended december 31,                                    year ended december 31,
2014                                                                        2013           change                2013                  2012            change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                                     3,493                 3,241               252              3,241                 3,231                 10
net sales variance volume                                          (3)   %                                                      1      %
price                                            11   %                                                    (2)      %
currency                                          -   %                                                      1      %
other                                             -   %                                                      -      %
other (charges) gains, net                       (3   )              (141      )        138               (141      )              -               (141     )
operating profit (loss)                         558                   153               405                153                   269               (116     )
operating margin                               16.0   %               4.7      %                           4.7      %            8.3      %
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates      20                     5                15                  5                    11                 (6     )
depreciation and amortization                    81                    86                (5   )             86                    80                  6
our acetyl intermediates segment includes our intermediate chemistry business, which produces and supplies acetyl products, including acetic acid, vam, acetic anhydride and acetate esters. these products are generally used as starting materials for colorants, paints, adhesives, coatings and medicines. this business segment also produces organic solvents and intermediates for pharmaceutical, agricultural and chemical products.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
net sales increased $252 million, or 7.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to higher vam pricing resulting from permanent capacity reductions in europe and planned and unplanned industry outages, slightly offset by lower volume. net sales also benefited from higher acetic acid pricing resulting from planned and unplanned industry outages, as well as higher acetic anhydride pricing.
operating profit increased $405 million, or 264.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to higher vam, acetic acid and acetic anhydride pricing. operating profit also benefited from the impact of
43
permanent capacity reductions in europe in december 2013. accordingly, we recorded $20 million of employee termination benefits, $33 million of contract termination costs and $34 million of long-lived asset impairment losses to fully write-off the related property, plant and equipment during the year ended december 31, 2013, which did not recur during the year ended december 31, 2014. long-lived asset impairment losses of $46 million were also recorded during the year ended december 31, 2013 to fully write-off the property, plant and equipment at our singapore acetic acid production unit. operating profit was also impacted by a decrease in net periodic benefit cost of $23 million. the increase in operating profit was partially offset by lower volume and higher raw material costs of $98 million, primarily ethylene and purchased materials for vam and acetic acid, as well as a $12 million loss as a result of damages in connection with a settlement of a claim by a raw materials supplier.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates increased $15 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to a $13 million gain resulting from restructuring the debt of a subsidiary of infraserv gmbh & co. hoechst kg during the three months ended june 30, 2014.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012
net sales increased $10 million, or 0.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 reflecting slightly higher volume due to muted demand, offset by pricing pressure on derivatives, particularly in europe and asia.
operating profit decreased $116 million, or 43.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to the negative impact of other (charges) gains, net of $141 million as a result of the closure of our acetic anhydride facility in roussillon, france and our vam facility in tarragona, spain in december 2013. long-lived asset impairment losses of $46 million were also recorded during the three months ended december 31, 2013 to fully write-off the property, plant and equipment at our singapore acetic acid production unit. partially offsetting the negative impact of other (charges) gains, net were increases to operating profit for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 resulting from lower raw material costs, mainly ethylene, and a decrease to net periodic benefit cost of $14 million.
other activities year ended december 31,                                 year ended december 31,
2014                                                                      2013           change              2013                 2012          change
(in $ millions)
other (charges) gains, net                       4                    -                 4                -                   (8      )         8
operating profit (loss)                       (485   )               41              (526   )           41                 (526      )       567
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates     56                   24                32               24                   35              (11     )
depreciation and amortization                   12                   16                (4   )           16                   15                1
other activities primarily consists of corporate center costs, including financing and administrative activities such as legal, accounting and treasury functions, interest income and expense associated with our financing activities and results of our captive insurance companies. other activities also includes the interest cost, expected return on assets and net actuarial gains and losses components of our net periodic benefit cost for our defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement plans, which are not allocated to our business segments.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
operating profit decreased $526 million, or 1,282.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to an increase in net periodic benefit cost of $454 million primarily recorded to selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses was also unfavorably impacted by higher functional and project spending of $43 million and an increase in incentive compensation costs of $25 million due to exceeding internal profitability targets.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates increased $32 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to a $29 million gain resulting from restructuring the debt of a subsidiary of infraserv gmbh & co. hoechst kg during the three months ended june 30, 2014.
44
year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012
operating profit increased $567 million, or 107.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to a decrease in net periodic benefit cost of $542 million primarily recorded to selling, general and administrative expenses and a decrease in other (charges) gains, net of $8 million. other (charges) gains, net was lower for the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to the absence of $9 million in insurance losses paid compared to the same period in 2012. these charges were offset in our consumer specialties segment in 2012.
liquidity and capital resources our primary source of liquidity is cash generated from operations, available cash and cash equivalents and dividends from our portfolio of strategic investments. in addition, as of december 31, 2014 we have $900 million available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility and $21 million available under our accounts receivable securitization facility to assist, if required, in meeting our working capital needs and other contractual obligations.
while our contractual obligations, commitments and debt service requirements over the next several years are significant, we continue to believe we will have available resources to meet our liquidity requirements, including debt service, in 2015. if our cash flow from operations is insufficient to fund our debt service and other obligations, we may be required to use other means available to us such as increasing our borrowings, reducing or delaying capital expenditures, seeking additional capital or seeking to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. there can be no assurance, however, that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels.
in february 2014, we formed a joint venture, fairway, with mitsui, in which we own 50% of fairway, for the production of methanol at our integrated chemical plant in clear lake, texas. the planned methanol unit will utilize natural gas in the us gulf coast region as a feedstock and will benefit from the existing infrastructure at our clear lake facility. as a result, the total shared capital and expense investment in the facility is estimated to be in the range of $875 million to $900 million, including $100 million of installed infrastructure. our portion of the investment is estimated to be in the range of $350 million to $375 million, excluding the $100 million of previously invested assets at our clear lake facility. the planned methanol unit will have an annual capacity of 1.3 million tons and is expected to be operational in the second half of 2015.
total cash outflows for capital expenditures, including the fairway project, are expected to be in the range of $375 million to $400 million in 2015 primarily due to our portion of the investment in the construction of the clear lake methanol unit and additional investments in growth opportunities in our advanced engineered materials and industrial specialties segments.
on a stand-alone basis, celanese and its immediate 100% owned subsidiary, celanese us, have no material assets other than the stock of their subsidiaries and no independent external operations of their own. accordingly, they generally depend on the cash flow of their subsidiaries and their ability to pay dividends and make other distributions to celanese and celanese us in order to meet their obligations, including their obligations under senior credit facilities and senior notes and to pay dividends on common stock.
cash flows cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2014 were $780 million, a decrease of $204 million from december 31, 2013. as of december 31, 2014, $669 million of the $780 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. if these funds are needed for our operations in the us, we will access such funds in a tax efficient manner to satisfy cash flow needs. currently, there are no contemplated cash distributions that will result in incremental us taxes payable in excess of applicable foreign tax credits related to such undistributed earnings. as a result, we have not provided any deferred income taxes on the portion of undistributed foreign earnings determined not to be permanently reinvested in foreign operations.
•   net cash provided by (used in) operating activities year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
cash flow provided by operating activities increased by $200 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013, with operating cash inflows increasing from $762 million to $962 million. cash flow provided by operations for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased primarily as a result of stronger earnings performance, an increase in value-added tax refunds of $87 million and a $23 million increase in dividends received from our cellulose derivatives ventures. these favorable impacts were partially offset by an increase of $127 million in pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan contributions made during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year and a $70 million increase in cash taxes paid.
45
year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012
cash flow provided by operating activities increased by $40 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. the increase in cash provided by operations was primarily the result of stronger earnings performance and a reduction in pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan contributions of $192 million made during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the prior year. these favorable impacts were partially offset by a decrease in dividends from our equity investments of $121 million primarily due to the absence of a $75 million cash dividend received from polyplastics in 2012 as a result of an amendment to our joint venture and other related agreements and a $65 million increase in cash taxes paid.
trade working capital is calculated as follows:
as of december 31,
2014                                                                2013             2012
(in $ millions)
trade receivables, net                         801              867              827
inventories                                    782              804              711
trade payables - third party and affiliates   (757   )         (799    )        (649    )
trade working capital                          826              872              889
•   net cash provided by (used in) investing activities year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
net cash used in investing activities was $705 million and $422 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. cash outflows were primarily for capital expenditures of $424 million and $93 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, relating to fairway, as well as capital expenditures of $254 million and $277 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily related to capacity expansions and major investments to reduce future operating costs and improve plant reliability, as well as environmental and health and safety initiatives. cash outflows also included the $10 million acquisition of substantially all of the assets of cool polymers, inc. during the year ended december 31, 2014.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012
net cash used in investing activities was $422 million and $500 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. cash outflows were primarily for capital expenditures of $277 million and $349 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, primarily related to capacity expansions, major investments to reduce future operating costs and improve plant reliability and environmental and health and safety initiatives. cash outflows also included capital expenditures of $93 million and $12 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, relating to fairway and capital expenditures for our german pom plant relocation and expansion of $7 million and $49 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. cash outflows were partially offset by the $23 million acquisition of certain assets from ashland inc., including two product lines, vinac® and flexbond®, during the year ended december 31, 2012.
•   net cash provided by (used in) financing activities year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
net cash used in financing activities increased $89 million to $415 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $326 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in cash used in financing activities is primarily due to an increase in net repayments on short-term borrowings and long-term debt of $196 million primarily as a result of redeeming our $600 million 6.625% senior unsecured notes due 2018, partially offset by proceeds from an offering of €300 million 3.250% senior unsecured notes due 2019. net cash used in financing activities was also impacted by an increase in stock repurchase transactions of $86 million and higher common stock cash dividends of $61 million. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we increased our common stock quarterly cash dividend rate from $0.18 to $0.25 per share. cash outflows were partially offset by contributions of $264 million received from mitsui during the year ended december 31, 2014 in exchange for ownership in fairway.
46
year ended december 31, 2013 compared with year ended december 31, 2012
net cash flow for financing activities changed $375 million from a net cash inflow of $49 million for the year ended december 31, 2012 to a net cash outflow of $326 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to an increase in net repayments on short-term borrowings and long-term debt of $144 million, an increase in stock repurchase transactions of $119 million, a reduction in proceeds from stock option exercises of $53 million and higher common stock dividends of $40 million. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we increased our common stock quarterly cash dividend rate from $0.075 to $0.18 per share.
in addition, exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of $46 million on cash and cash equivalents for the year ended december 31, 2014 and favorable impacts of $11 million and $6 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
debt and other obligations
•   senior notes we have outstanding senior unsecured notes issued in public offerings registered under the securities act of 1933, as amended, as follows (collectively, the "senior notes"):
senior notes   issue date           principal           interest rate   interest pay dates                 maturity date
(in millions)        (in percentages)
3.250% notes   september 2014            €300                   3.250   april 15            october 15     october 15, 2019
4.625% notes   november 2012             $500                   4.625   march 15            september 15   november 15, 2022
5.875% notes   may 2011                  $400                   5.875   june 15             december 15    june 15, 2021
the senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of celanese us and rank equally in right of payment with all other unsubordinated indebtedness of celanese us. the senior notes were issued under indentures (collectively, the "indentures") among celanese us, celanese and each of the domestic subsidiaries of celanese us that guarantee its obligations under its senior secured credit facilities ("subsidiary guarantors") and wells fargo bank, national association, as trustee. the senior notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by celanese and the subsidiary guarantors. the indentures contain covenants, including, but not limited to, restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness; grant liens on assets; merge, consolidate, or sell assets; pay dividends or make other restricted payments; engage in transactions with affiliates; or engage in other businesses. celanese us may redeem some or all of each of the senior notes, prior to their respective maturity dates, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus a "make-whole" premium as specified in the applicable indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date.
on october 15, 2014, celanese us redeemed its $600 million 6.625% senior unsecured notes due 2018 ("6.625% notes") at a redemption price of 103.313% of the face amount for a total principal and premium payment of $620 million plus accrued interest of $20 million. proceeds from the issuance of the 3.250% notes were used to partially fund the redemption of the 6.625% notes, as well as cash on hand. we recorded a loss on extinguishment of the 6.625% notes of $24 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, which included the redemption premium of $20 million and accelerated amortization of deferred financing costs of $4 million.
•   senior credit facilities on september 24, 2014, celanese us, celanese and certain of the domestic subsidiaries of celanese us entered into an amendment agreement with the lenders under celanese us's existing senior secured credit facilities in order to amend and restate the amended credit agreement dated september 16, 2013 (as amended and restated by the 2014 amendment agreement, the "amended credit agreement"). under the amended credit agreement, all of the us dollar denominated term c-2 term loans and all but €28 million of the euro-denominated term c-2 term loans under the 2013 amended credit agreement were converted into, or refinanced by, the term c-3 loan facility with an extended maturity date of october 2018. the non-extended portions of the term c-2 loan facility continue to have a maturity date of october 2016. in addition, the maturity date of our revolving credit facility was extended to october 2018 and the facility was increased to $900 million. accordingly, the amended credit agreement consists of the term c-2 loan facility, the term c-3 loan facility and a $900 million revolving credit facility.
as of december 31, 2014, the margin for borrowings under the term c-2 loan facility was 2.0% above the euro interbank offered rate ("euribor") and the margin for borrowings under the term c-3 loan facility was 2.25% above london
47
interbank offered rate ("libor") (for us dollars) and 2.25% above euribor (for euros), as applicable. as of december 31, 2014, the margin for borrowings under the revolving credit facility was 1.5% above libor. the margin for borrowings under the revolving credit facility is subject to increase or decrease in certain circumstances based on changes in the corporate credit ratings of celanese or celanese us.
term loan borrowings under the amended credit agreement are subject to amortization at 1% of the initial principal amount per annum, payable quarterly. in addition, we pay quarterly commitment fees on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility of 0.25% per annum.
the amended credit agreement is guaranteed by celanese and certain domestic subsidiaries of celanese us and is secured by a lien on substantially all assets of celanese us and such guarantors, subject to certain agreed exceptions (including for certain real property and certain shares of foreign subsidiaries), pursuant to the guarantee and collateral agreement, dated april 2, 2007.
as a condition to borrowing funds or requesting letters of credit be issued under the revolving credit facility, our first lien senior secured leverage ratio (as calculated as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered under the revolving facility) cannot exceed the threshold as specified below. further, our first lien senior secured leverage ratio must be maintained at or below that threshold while any amounts are outstanding under the revolving credit facility.
our first lien senior secured leverage ratios under the revolving credit facility are as follows:
as of december 31, 2014
maximum           estimate           estimate, if fully drawn
3.90         0.64               1.21
the amended credit agreement contains covenants including, but not limited to, restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness; grant liens on assets; merge, consolidate, or sell assets; pay dividends or make other restricted payments; make investments; prepay or modify certain indebtedness; engage in transactions with affiliates; enter into sale-leaseback transactions or hedge transactions; or engage in other businesses; as well as a covenant requiring maintenance of a maximum first lien senior secured leverage ratio.
the amended credit agreement also maintains a number of events of default, including a cross default to other debt of celanese, celanese us, or their subsidiaries, including the senior notes, in an aggregate amount equal to more than $50 million and the occurrence of a change of control. failure to comply with these covenants, or the occurrence of any other event of default, could result in acceleration of the borrowings and other financial obligations under the amended credit agreement.
we are in compliance with all of the covenants related to our debt agreements as of december 31, 2014.
•   accounts receivable securitization facility as of december 31, 2014, the borrowing base under our us accounts receivable securitization facility was $135 million. the us accounts receivable securitization facility purchase agreement expires in 2016, but may be extended for successive one year terms by agreement of the parties. all of the transferred assets have been pledged to the administrator of the us accounts receivable securitization facility in support of its obligations under the purchase agreement. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we repaid $15 million of borrowings outstanding under the accounts receivable securitization facility using cash on hand. as of december 31, 2014, the outstanding amount of accounts receivable transferred under our us accounts receivable securitization facility was $197 million.
see note 14 - debt in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
share capital our board of directors follows a policy of declaring, subject to legally available funds, a quarterly cash dividend on each share of our common stock unless the board of directors, in its sole discretion, determines otherwise. the amount available to pay cash dividends is restricted by our amended credit agreement and the indentures.
48
our board of directors approves changes in our common stock cash dividend rates. in april 2014, we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 39%, from $0.18 to $0.25 per share of common stock.
on february 6, 2015, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share on our common stock amounting to $38 million. the cash dividend is for the period from november 1, 2014 to january 31, 2015 and will be paid on february 27, 2015 to holders of record as of february 17, 2015. cash dividends to be paid in 2015 are expected to be slightly higher than the cash dividends paid in 2014 based on the number of outstanding shares as of december 31, 2014 and a quarterly cash dividend rate of $0.25.
our board of directors has authorized the aggregate repurchase of $1.4 billion of our common stock since february 2008. these authorizations give management discretion in determining the timing and conditions under which shares may be repurchased. this repurchase program does not have an expiration date. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we spent $250 million on repurchased shares of our common stock. as of december 31, 2014, we had $451 million remaining under authorizations by our board of directors.
see note 17 - stockholders' equity in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
contractual debt and cash obligations the following table sets forth our fixed contractual debt and cash obligations as of december 31, 2014.
payments due by period total           less than1 year          years 2 &amp; 3          years 4 &amp; 5          after 5 years
(in $ millions)
fixed contractual debt obligations senior notes                                                1,264                    -                        -                      364                     900
term c-2 loan facility                                         34                    -                       34                        -                       -
term c-3 loan facility                                        906                    9                       18                      879
interest payments on debt and other obligations               829        (1)       120                      233                      195                     281
capital lease obligations                                     260                   16                       37                       48                     159
other debt                                                    281        (2)       112                        -                        -                     169
total                                                       3,574                  257                      322                    1,486                   1,509
operating leases                                              372                   65                       97                       53                     157
uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties     218                   59                        -                        -                     159            (3)
unconditional purchase obligations                          3,427        (4)       586                      766                      946                   1,129
pension and other postretirement funding obligations          441        (5)        43                       56                       68                     274
environmental and asset retirement obligations                124                   30                       37                       19                      38
total                                                       8,156                1,040                    1,278                    2,572                   3,266
______________________________
(1)   future interest expense is calculated using the rate in effect on december 31, 2014.
(2)   other debt is primarily made up of fixed rate pollution control and industrial revenue bonds, short-term borrowings from affiliated companies, our accounts receivable securitization facility and other bank obligations.
(3)   due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions with the respective taxing authorities, we are unable to determine the timing of payments related to our uncertain tax obligations, including interest and penalties. these amounts are therefore reflected in "after 5 years".
(4)   unconditional purchase obligations primarily represent the take-or-pay provisions included in certain long-term purchase agreements. we do not expect to incur material losses under these arrangements. these amounts also include other purchase obligations such as maintenance and service agreements, energy and utility agreements, consulting contracts, software agreements and other miscellaneous agreements and contracts, obtained via a survey of celanese.
(5)   excludes expected payments from nonqualified trusts related to nonqualified pension plans of $201 million.
49
contractual guarantees and commitments as of december 31, 2014, we have standby letters of credit of $79 million and bank guarantees of $8 million outstanding, which are irrevocable obligations of an issuing bank that ensure payment to third parties in the event that certain subsidiaries fail to perform in accordance with specified contractual obligations. the likelihood is remote that material payments will be required under these agreements.
see note 14 - debt in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of the guarantees under our senior notes and amended credit agreement.
see note 24 - commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of commitments and contingencies related to legal and regulatory proceedings.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any material off-balance sheet arrangements.
market risks see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk for further information.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are based on the selection and application of significant accounting policies. the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with us gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales, expenses and allocated charges during the reporting period. actual results could differ from those estimates. however, we are not currently aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would result in materially different results.
we believe the following accounting policies and estimates are critical to understanding the financial reporting risks present in the current economic environment. these matters, and the judgments and uncertainties affecting them, are also essential to understanding our reported and future operating results. see note 2 - summary of accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
•   recoverability of long-lived assets recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived assets we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. our reporting units are either our operating business segments or one level below our operating business segments for which discrete financial information is available and for which operating results are regularly reviewed by business segment management and the chief operating decision maker. our operating business segments have been designated as our reporting units and include our engineered materials, cellulose derivatives, food ingredients, emulsion polymers, eva polymers and intermediate chemistry businesses. we assess the recoverability of the carrying amount of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets annually during the third quarter of our fiscal year using june 30 balances or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable.
when assessing the recoverability of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, we may first assess qualitative factors in determining whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. after assessing qualitative factors, if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, then performing a quantitative assessment is not required. if an initial qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset, a quantitative analysis will be performed. we may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to a quantitative analysis depending on the facts and circumstances.
in performing a quantitative analysis, recoverability of goodwill is measured using a discounted cash flow model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved for each reporting unit. use of a discounted cash flow model is common practice in assessing impairment in the absence of available transactional market evidence to determine the fair value. the key
50
assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model include discount rates, growth rates, tax rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. discount rates, growth rates and cash flow projections are the most sensitive and susceptible to change as they require significant management judgment. we may engage third-party valuation consultants to assist with this process. the valuation consultants assess fair value by equally weighting a combination of two market approaches (market multiple analysis and comparable transaction analysis) and the discounted cash flow approach. discount rates are determined by using a weighted average cost of capital ("wacc"). the wacc considers market and industry data as well as company-specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rate to be used. the discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business. operational management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and cash flow projections for each reporting unit. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates. if the calculated fair value is less than the current carrying amount, impairment of the reporting unit may exist. if the recoverability test indicates potential impairment, we calculate an implied fair value of goodwill for the reporting unit. the implied fair value of goodwill is determined in a manner similar to how goodwill is calculated in a business combination. if the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to the reporting unit, there is no impairment. if the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, an impairment loss is recorded to write down the carrying amount. an impairment loss cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit but may indicate certain long-lived and amortizable intangible assets associated with the reporting unit may require additional impairment testing.
management tests other indefinite-lived intangible assets quantitatively utilizing the relief from royalty method under the income approach to determine the estimated fair value for each indefinite-lived intangible asset. the relief from royalty method estimates our theoretical royalty savings from ownership of the intangible asset. key assumptions used in this model include discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, tax rates, sales projections and terminal value rates. discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates and sales projections are the assumptions most sensitive and susceptible to change as they require significant management judgment. discount rates used are similar to the rates estimated by the wacc considering any differences in company-specific risk factors. royalty rates are established by management and are periodically substantiated by third-party valuation consultants. operational management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and sales projections associated with each indefinite-lived intangible asset. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual sales projections beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates.
see note 11 - goodwill and intangible assets, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
recoverability of long-lived and amortizable intangible assets we assess the recoverability of long-lived and amortizable intangible assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. examples of a change in events or circumstances include, but are not limited to, a decrease in the market price of the asset, a history of cash flow losses related to the use of the asset or a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is being used. to assess the recoverability of long-lived and amortizable intangible assets we compare the carrying amount of the asset or group of assets to the future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. long-lived and amortizable intangible assets are tested for recognition and measurement of an impairment loss at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. if such assets are considered impaired, the impairment recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.
the development of future net undiscounted cash flow projections require management projections related to sales and profitability trends and the remaining useful life of the asset. projections of sales and profitability trends are the assumptions most sensitive and susceptible to change as they require significant management judgment. these projections are consistent with projections we use to manage our operations internally. when impairment is indicated, a discounted cash flow valuation model similar to that used to value goodwill at the reporting unit level, incorporating discount rates commensurate with risks associated with each asset, is used to determine the fair value of the asset to measure potential impairment. we believe the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value.
see note 10 - property, plant and equipment, net and note 11 - goodwill and intangible assets, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
51
valuation methodologies utilized to evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible, amortizable intangible and long-lived assets for impairment were consistent with prior periods. we periodically engage third-party valuation consultants to assist us with this process. specific assumptions discussed above are updated at the date of each test to consider current industry and company-specific risk factors from the perspective of a market participant. the current business environment is subject to evolving market conditions and requires significant management judgment to interpret the potential impact to our assumptions. to the extent that changes in the current business environment result in adjusted management projections, impairment losses may occur in future periods.
•   income taxes we regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance as needed. in forming our judgment regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets related to deductible temporary differences and tax attribute carryforwards, we give weight to positive and negative evidence based on the extent to which the forms of evidence can be objectively verified. we attach the most weight to historical earnings due to its verifiable nature. weight is attached to tax planning strategies if the strategies are prudent and feasible and implementable without significant obstacles. less weight is attached to forecasted future earnings due to its subjective nature, and expected timing of reversal of taxable temporary differences is given little weight unless the reversal of taxable and deductible temporary differences coincide. valuation allowances are established primarily on net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets in the us, luxembourg, spain, china, singapore, the united kingdom and canada, as well as other foreign jurisdictions. we have appropriately reflected increases and decreases in our valuation allowance based on the overall weight of positive versus negative evidence on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis.
the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions are subject to various assumptions and management judgment. if actual results differ from the estimates made by management in establishing or maintaining valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, the resulting change in the valuation allowance would generally impact earnings or other comprehensive income depending on the nature of the respective deferred tax asset. in addition, the positions taken with regard to tax contingencies may be subject to audit and review by tax authorities, which may result in future taxes, interest and penalties.
see note 19 - income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
•   benefit obligations the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements related to pension and other postretirement benefits are determined on an actuarial basis. various assumptions are used in the calculation of the actuarial valuation of the employee benefit plans. these assumptions include the discount rate, compensation levels, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets and trends in health care costs. in addition, actuarial consultants use factors such as withdrawal and mortality rates to estimate the projected benefit obligation. the actuarial assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life spans of participants. these differences may result in a significant impact to the amount of net periodic benefit cost recorded in future periods.
pension assumptions are reviewed annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is required to be remeasured. assumptions are reviewed on a plan and country-specific basis by third-party actuaries and senior management. such assumptions are adjusted as appropriate to reflect changes in market rates and outlook.
see note 15 - benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
52
the estimated change in pension and postretirement net periodic benefit cost that would occur in 2015 from a change in the indicated assumptions are as follows:
change in rate       impact on net periodic benefit cost
(in $ millions)
us pension benefits decrease in the discount rate                                            0.50   %             (9                  )
decrease in the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets(1)      0.50   %                            12
us postretirement benefits decrease in the discount rate                                            0.50   %             -
increase in the annual health care cost trend rates                      1.00   %             -
non-us pension benefits decrease in the discount rate                                            0.50   %             -
decrease in the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets         0.50   %                             2
non-us postretirement benefits decrease in the discount rate                                            0.50   %             -
increase in the annual health care cost trend rates                      1.00   %             -
______________________________
(1)   excludes nonqualified pension plans.
•   accounting for commitments and contingencies we routinely assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to legal and regulatory proceedings, lawsuits, claims, and investigations, incidental to the normal conduct of our past and current business, as well as ranges of probable and reasonably estimable losses. reasonable estimates involve judgments made by us after considering a broad range of information including: notifications, prior settlements, demands, which have been received from a regulatory authority or private party, estimates performed by independent consultants and outside counsel, available facts, identification of other potentially responsible parties and their ability to contribute, as well as prior experience. a determination of the amount of loss contingency required, if any, is recorded if probable and estimable after careful analysis of each individual matter. the required reserves may change in the future due to new developments in each matter and as additional information becomes available. due to the inherent subjectivity of assessments and unpredictability of outcomes of legal proceedings, our litigation accruals and estimates of possible loss or range of possible loss may not represent the ultimate loss to us from legal proceedings.
see note 16 - environmental and note 24 - commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3 - accounting pronouncements in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this annual report on form 10-k ("annual report"), the term "celanese" refers to celanese corporation, a delaware corporation, and not its subsidiaries. the terms the "company," "we," "our" and "us," refer to celanese and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. the term "celanese us" refers to the company's subsidiary, celanese us holdings llc, a delaware limited liability company, and not its subsidiaries.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("us gaap").
investors are cautioned that the forward-looking statements contained in this section and other parts of this annual report involve both risk and uncertainty. several important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. many of these statements are macroeconomic in nature and are, therefore, beyond the control of management. see "forward-looking statements" below.
forward-looking statements management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") and other parts of this annual report contain certain forward-looking statements and information relating to us that are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, us. generally, words such as "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "may," "can," "could," "might," and "will," and similar expressions, as they relate to us are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this annual report for further discussion.
