item 1a "risk factors" of part i of this filing contains a further discussion of these and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations. we disclaim any current intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. due to these important factors and risks, we cannot give assurances with respect to our future premium levels or our ability to control our future medical costs.
part i item 1a. risk factors.
factors that may affect future results and the trading price of our common stock you should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision.  the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, in which case you could lose all or part of your investment.  you should also refer to the other information in this filing, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes.  the risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our company.  additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our company.
reductions in funding or changes to eligibility requirements for government sponsored healthcare programs in which we participate could substantially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the majority of our revenues come from government subsidized healthcare programs including medicaid, medicare, chip, ltc, abd, foster care and health insurance marketplace premiums. the base premium rate paid for each program differs, depending on a combination of factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region and benefit mix. since medicaid was created in 1965, the federal government and the states have shared the costs, with the federal share currently averaging around 57%.
19
future levels of funding and premium rates may be affected by continuing government efforts to contain healthcare costs and may further be affected by state and federal budgetary constraints. governments periodically consider reducing or reallocating the amount of money they spend for medicaid, medicare, chip, ltc, abd and foster care. adverse economic conditions may continue to put pressures on state budgets as tax and other state revenues decrease while the population that is eligible to participate in these programs increases, creating more need for funding. we anticipate this will require government agencies to find funding alternatives, which may result in reductions in funding for programs, contraction of covered benefits, and limited or no premium rate increases or premium rate decreases. a reduction (or less than expected increase), a protracted delay, or a change in allocation methodology in government funding for these programs, as well as termination of the contract for the convenience of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
additionally, changes in these programs could reduce the number of persons enrolled in or eligible for these programs or increase our administrative or healthcare costs under these programs. recent legislation generally requires that eligibility levels be maintained, but this could cause states to reduce reimbursement or reduce benefits in order for states to afford to maintain eligibility levels. if any state in which we operate were to decrease premiums paid to us or pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
lastly, if a federal government shutdown were to occur for a prolonged period of time, federal government payment obligations, including its obligations under medicaid, medicare, chip, ltc, abd, foster care and the new health insurance marketplaces, may be delayed. if the federal government fails to make payments under these programs on a timely basis, our business could suffer, and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
our profitability, to a significant degree, depends on our ability to estimate and effectively manage expenses related to health benefits through our ability to contract favorably with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. for example, our medicaid revenue is often based on bids submitted before the start of the initial contract year. if our actual medical expense exceeds our estimates, our health benefits ratio, or our expenses related to medical services as a percentage of premium revenue, would increase and our profits would decline. because of the narrow margins of our health plan business, relatively small changes in our health benefits ratio can create significant changes in our financial results. changes in healthcare regulations and practices, the level of utilization of healthcare services, hospital and pharmaceutical costs, major epidemics or pandemics, new medical technologies, pharmaceutical compounds and other external factors, including general economic conditions such as inflation and unemployment levels, are beyond our control and could reduce our ability to accurately predict and effectively control the costs of providing health benefits.
our medical expense includes claims reported but not paid, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as claims receipts and payment information as well as inpatient acuity information becomes available. as more complete information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimate, and include the changes in estimates in medical expense in the period in which the changes are identified. however, we still cannot be sure that our medical claims liability estimate is adequate or that adjustments to the estimate will not unfavorably impact our results of operations.
additionally, when we commence operations in a new state, region or product, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. for a period of time after the inception of the new business, we base our estimates on state-provided historical actuarial data and limited actual incurred and received claims and inpatient acuity information. the addition of new categories of individuals who are eligible under new legislation may pose the same difficulty in estimating our medical claims liability. similarly, we may face difficulty in estimating our medical claims liability in 2015 for the relatively new and evolving health insurance marketplaces.
from time to time in the past, our actual results have varied from our estimates, particularly in times of significant changes in the number of our members. if it is determined that our estimates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. in addition, if there is a significant delay in our receipt of premiums, our business operations, cash flows, or earnings could be negatively impacted.
20
the implementation of the health reform legislation and other reforms could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in march 2010, the patient protection and affordable care act and the accompanying health care and education affordability reconciliation act, collectively referred to as the affordable care act (aca), were enacted. while the constitutionality of the aca was generally upheld by the supreme court in 2012, the court determined that states could not be required to expand medicaid and risk losing all federal money for their existing medicaid programs.
under the aca, medicaid coverage was expanded to all individuals under age 65 with incomes up to 138% of the federal poverty level beginning january 1, 2014, subject to each states' election. the federal government will pay the entire costs for medicaid coverage for newly eligible beneficiaries for three years (2014 through 2016). beginning in 2017, the federal share begins to decline, ending at 90% for 2020 and subsequent years. as of august 28, 2014, 27 states and the district of columbia have expanded medicaid eligibility or will be doing so in 2014, and additional states continue to discuss expansion. the aca also maintained chip eligibility standards through september 2019.
the aca required the establishment of health insurance marketplaces for individuals and small employers to purchase health insurance coverage commencing in january 2014. open enrollment for coverage in 2015 began on november 15, 2014 and continued until february 15, 2015. the aca required insurers participating on the health insurance marketplaces to offer a minimum level of benefits and included guidelines on setting premium rates and coverage limitations.
our ability to adequately price products offered in the health insurance marketplaces may have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flow. we may be adversely selected by individuals who will have a higher acuity level than the anticipated pool of participants. in addition, the risk corridor, reinsurance and risk adjustment ("three rs") provisions of the aca established to reduce risk for insurers may not be effective in appropriately mitigating the financial risks related to the marketplace product. further, the reinsurance and risk corridor components may not be adequately funded. any variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, the three rs, or other assumptions utilized in setting adequate premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our attempts to diversify our business lines through participation in health insurance marketplaces established by the federal government, or "federally-facilitated marketplaces," may be impacted if the united states supreme court determines that the internal revenue service may not extend tax-credit subsidies to health insurance coverage purchased through federally-facilitated marketplaces. individuals who would have otherwise received a tax-credit subsidy may choose not to enroll for coverage through a federally-facilitated marketplace if the supreme court makes this determination and other changes are not made by the states to remedy this.
the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs) has stated that it will consider a limited number of premium assistance demonstration proposals from states that want to privatize medicaid expansion. states must provide a choice between at least two qualified health plans and offer very similar benefits as those available in the newly created health insurance marketplaces. arkansas became the first state to obtain federal approval to use medicaid funding to purchase private insurance for low-income residents and we began operations under the program beginning january 1, 2014.
the aca imposes an annual insurance industry assessment of $8.0 billion starting in 2014, and $11.3 billion in each of 2015 and 2016, with increasing annual amounts thereafter. such assessments are not deductible for income tax purposes. the fee will be allocated based on health insurers' premium revenues in the previous year. each health insurer's fee is calculated by multiplying its market share by the annual fee. market share is based on commercial, medicare, and medicaid premium revenue. not-for-profit insurers may have a competitive advantage since they are exempt from paying the fee if they receive at least 80% of their premium revenue from medicare, medicaid, and chip, and other not-for-profit insurers are allowed to exclude 50% of their premium revenue from the fee calculation. if this federal premium assessment is imposed as enacted, and if we are not reimbursed by the states for the cost of the federal premium assessment (including the associated tax impact), or if we are unable to otherwise adjust our business model to address this new assessment, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
21
there are numerous steps required to implement the legislation, including the promulgation of a substantial number of new and potentially more onerous federal regulations. further, various health insurance reform proposals are also emerging at the state level. because of the unsettled nature of these reforms and numerous steps required to implement them, we cannot predict what additional health insurance requirements will be implemented at the federal or state level, or the effect that any future legislation or regulation will have on our business or our growth opportunities. although we believe the legislation may provide us with significant opportunities to grow our business, the enacted reforms, as well as future regulations and legislative changes, may in fact have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. if we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of healthcare reform, or do not do so as effectively as our competitors, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could force us to change how we operate and could harm our business.
our business is extensively regulated by the states in which we operate and by the federal government. in addition, the managed care industry has received negative publicity that has led to increased legislation, regulation, review of industry practices and private litigation in the commercial sector. in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are regulated by the relevant insurance, health and/or human services departments that oversee the activities of managed care organizations providing or arranging to provide services to medicaid, medicare and health insurance marketplace enrollees. for example, our health plan subsidiaries, as well as our applicable specialty companies, must comply with minimum statutory capital and other financial solvency requirements, such as deposit and surplus requirements.
the frequent enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of laws and regulations could, among other things: force us to restructure our relationships with providers within our network; require us to implement additional or different programs and systems; restrict revenue and enrollment growth; increase our healthcare and administrative costs; impose additional capital and surplus requirements; and increase or change our liability to members in the event of malpractice by our contracted providers. in addition, changes in political party or administrations at the state, federal or country level may change the attitude towards healthcare programs.
additionally, the taxes and fees paid to federal, state and local governments may increase due to several factors, including:  enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of tax laws and regulations, audits by governmental authorities, geographic expansions into higher taxing jurisdictions and the effect of expansions into international markets.
our contracts with states may require us to maintain a minimum health benefits ratio (hbr) or may require us to share profits in excess of certain levels. in certain circumstances, our plans may be required to return premium back to the state in the event profits exceed established levels or hbr does not meet the minimum requirement. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to maintain our contract or receive additional or full contractual revenue.
the governmental healthcare programs in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain regulations and performance standards. for example, under health reform legislation, congress authorized cms and the states to implement managed care demonstration programs to serve dually eligible beneficiaries to improve the coordination of their care. participation in these demonstration programs is subject to cms approval and the satisfaction of conditions to participation, including meeting certain performance requirements. our inability to improve or maintain adequate quality scores and star ratings to meet government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs. specifically, several of our medicaid contracts require us to maintain a medicare health plan. although we strive to comply with all existing regulations and to meet performance standards applicable to our business, failure to meet these requirements could result in financial fines and penalties. also, states may not allow us to continue to participate in their government programs, or we may fail to win procurements to participate in such programs which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, as a result of the expansion of our businesses and operations conducted in foreign countries, we face political, economic, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational and other risks and exposures that are unique and vary by jurisdiction. these foreign regulatory requirements with respect to, among other items, environmental, tax, licensing, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, investment, capital, management control, labor relations, and fraud and corruption regulations are different than those faced by our domestic businesses. in addition, we are subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the foreign corrupt practices act. our failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to successfully navigate international regulatory regimes that apply to us could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
22
our businesses providing pharmacy benefit management (pbm) and specialty pharmacy services face regulatory and other risks and uncertainties which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we provide pbm and specialty pharmacy services through our us script and acariahealth businesses. each business is subject to federal and state laws that govern the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers and consumers. they also conduct business as a mail order pharmacy and specialty pharmacy, which subjects them to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. in addition, federal and state legislatures regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially and adversely affect current industry practices, including the receipt or disclosure of rebates from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies, and the use of average wholesale prices.
our pbm and specialty pharmacy businesses would be materially and adversely affected by an inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and other suppliers, and could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our mail order or specialty pharmacies, including in connection with the risks inherent in the authorization, compounding, packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products. disruptions at any of our mail order or specialty pharmacies due to an event that is beyond our control could affect our ability to process and dispense prescriptions in a timely manner and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
if any of our government contracts are terminated or are not renewed or we receive an adverse review, audit or investigation, our business will suffer.
we provide managed care programs and selected services to individuals receiving benefits under governmental assistance programs. we provide those healthcare services under contracts with regulatory entities in the areas in which we operate. our government contracts are generally intended to run for three years and may be extended for additional years if the contracting entity or its agent elects to do so. when our contracts expire, they may be opened for bidding by competing healthcare providers, and there is no guarantee that our contracts will be renewed or extended. competitors may buy their way into the market by submitting bids with lower pricing. further, our government contracts contain certain provisions regarding eligibility, enrollment and dis-enrollment processes for covered services, eligible providers, periodic financial and informational reporting, quality assurance, timeliness of claims payment and agreement to maintain a medicare plan in the state and financial standards and are subject to cancellation if we fail to perform in accordance with the standards set by regulatory agencies.
we are also subject to various reviews, audits and investigations to verify our compliance with the terms of our contracts with various governmental agencies and applicable laws and regulations. any adverse review, audit or investigation could result in: cancellation of our contracts; refunding of amounts we have been paid pursuant to our contracts; imposition of fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; loss of our right to participate in various programs; increased difficulty in selling our products and services; or loss of one or more of our licenses.
if any of our government contracts are terminated, not renewed, renewed on less favorable terms, or not renewed on a timely basis, or we have an adverse review, audit or investigation, our business will suffer, our goodwill could be impaired and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
ineffectiveness of state-operated systems and subcontractors could adversely affect our business.
our health plans rely on other state-operated systems or subcontractors to qualify, solicit, educate and assign eligible members into managed care plans. the effectiveness of these state operations and subcontractors can have a material effect on a health plan's enrollment in a particular month or over an extended period. when a state implements new programs to determine eligibility, new processes to assign or enroll eligible members into health plans, or chooses new subcontractors, there is an increased potential for an unanticipated impact on the overall number of members assigned to managed care plans.
our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity.
we maintain a significant investment portfolio of cash equivalents and short term and long term investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks and will decline in value if interest rates increase or one of the issuers' credit ratings is reduced. as a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of liquidity of our investments, which may have a negative adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
23
execution of our growth strategy may increase costs or liabilities, or create disruptions in our business.
our growth strategy includes the acquisition of health plans participating in government sponsored healthcare programs and specialty services businesses, contract rights and related assets of other health plans both in our existing service areas and in new markets and start-up operations in new markets or new products in existing markets. although we review the records of companies or businesses we plan to acquire, it is possible that we could assume unanticipated liabilities or adverse operating conditions, or an acquisition may not perform as well as expected or may not achieve timely profitability. we also face the risk that we will not be able to effectively integrate acquisitions into our existing operations effectively without substantial expense, delay or other operational or financial problems and we may need to divert more management resources to integration than we planned.
in connection with start-up operations, we may incur significant expenses prior to commencement of operations and the receipt of revenue. for example, in order to obtain a certificate of authority in most jurisdictions, we must first establish a provider network, have systems in place and demonstrate our ability to administer a state contract and process claims. we may experience delays in operational start dates. as a result of these factors, start-up operations may decrease our profitability. in addition, we are planning to expand our business internationally and we will be subject to additional risks, including, but not limited to, political risk, an unfamiliar regulatory regime, currency exchange risk and exchange controls, cultural and language differences, foreign tax issues, and different labor laws and practices.
if we are unable to effectively execute our growth strategy, our future growth will suffer and our results of operations could be harmed.
if competing managed care programs are unwilling to purchase specialty services from us, we may not be able to successfully implement our strategy of diversifying our business lines.
we are seeking to diversify our business lines into areas that complement our government sponsored health plan business in order to grow our revenue stream and balance our dependence on risk reimbursement. in order to diversify our business, we must succeed in selling the services of our specialty subsidiaries not only to our managed care plans, but to programs operated by third-parties. some of these third-party programs may compete with us in some markets, and they therefore may be unwilling to purchase specialty services from us. in any event, the offering of these services will require marketing activities that differ significantly from the manner in which we seek to increase revenues from our government sponsored programs. our ineffectiveness in marketing specialty services to third-parties may impair our ability to execute our business strategy.
adverse credit market conditions may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or our ability to obtain credit on acceptable terms.
the securities and credit markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption over the past several years. the availability of credit, from virtually all types of lenders, has at times been restricted. in the event we need access to additional capital to pay our operating expenses, fund subsidiary surplus requirements, make payments on or refinance our indebtedness, pay capital expenditures, or fund acquisitions, our ability to obtain such capital may be limited and the cost of any such capital may be significant, particularly if we are unable to access our existing credit facility.
our access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as prevailing economic and credit market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, and perceptions of our financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. if a combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all.
if state regulators do not approve payments of dividends and distributions by our subsidiaries to us, we may not have sufficient funds to implement our business strategy.
we principally operate through our health plan subsidiaries. as part of normal operations, we may make requests for dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries to fund our operations. these subsidiaries are subject to regulations that limit the amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid to us without prior approval of, or notification to, state regulators. if these regulators were to deny our subsidiaries' request to pay dividends, the funds available to us would be limited, which could harm our ability to implement our business strategy.
24
we derive a majority of our premium revenues from operations in a limited number of states, and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows would be materially affected by a decrease in premium revenues or profitability in any one of those states.
operations in a limited number of states have accounted for most of our premium revenues to date. if we were unable to continue to operate in any of our current states or if our current operations in any portion of one of those states were significantly curtailed, our revenues could decrease materially. our reliance on operations in a limited number of states could cause our revenue and profitability to change suddenly and unexpectedly depending on legislative or other governmental or regulatory actions and decisions, economic conditions and similar factors in those states. for example, states we currently serve may bid out their medicaid program through a request for proposal process. our inability to continue to operate in any of the states in which we operate could harm our business.
competition may limit our ability to increase penetration of the markets that we serve.
we compete for members principally on the basis of size and quality of provider networks, benefits provided and quality of service. we compete with numerous types of competitors, including other health plans and traditional state medicaid programs that reimburse providers as care is provided. in addition, the impact of healthcare reform legislation and potential growth in our segment may attract new competitors.
some of the health plans with which we compete have greater financial and other resources and offer a broader scope of products than we do. in addition, significant merger and acquisition activity has occurred in the managed care industry, as well as complementary industries, such as the hospital, physician, pharmaceutical, medical device and health information systems businesses. to the extent that competition intensifies in any market that we serve, our ability to retain or increase members and providers, or maintain or increase our revenue growth, pricing flexibility and control over medical cost trends may be adversely affected.
if we are unable to maintain relationships with our provider networks, our profitability may be harmed.
our profitability depends, in large part, upon our ability to contract at competitive prices with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. our provider arrangements with our primary care physicians, specialists and hospitals generally may be canceled by either party without cause upon 90 to 120 days prior written notice. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to renew our existing contracts or enter into new contracts on a timely basis or under favorable terms enabling us to service our members profitably. healthcare providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.
in any particular market, physicians and other healthcare providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. in some markets, certain healthcare providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. in addition, accountable care organizations, practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers choose may change the way in which these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of healthcare providers may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. provider networks may consolidate, resulting in a reduction in the competitive environment. in addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate contracts unfavorable to us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
from time to time healthcare providers assert or threaten to assert claims seeking to terminate non-cancelable agreements due to alleged actions or inactions by us. in addition, we are aware that other managed care organizations have been subject to class action suits by healthcare providers with respect to claim payment procedures, and we may be subject to similar suits. regardless of whether any suits brought against us are successful or have merit, they will still be time-consuming and costly and could distract our management's attention. as a result, we may incur significant expenses and may be unable to operate our business effectively. if we are unable to retain our current provider contract terms or enter into new provider contracts timely or on favorable terms, our profitability may be harmed.
25
we may be unable to attract, retain or effectively manage the succession of key personnel.
we are highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. we would be adversely impacted if we are unable to adequately plan for the succession of our executives and senior management. while we have succession plans in place for members of our executive and senior management team, these plans do not guarantee that the services of our executive and senior management team will continue to be available to us. our ability to replace any departed members of our executive and senior management or other key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in the managed care and specialty services industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to operate and successfully expand a business such as ours. competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these personnel. if we are unable to attract, retain and effectively manage the succession plans for key personnel, executives and senior management, our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be harmed.
if we are unable to integrate and manage our information systems effectively, our operations could be disrupted.
our operations depend significantly on effective information systems. the information gathered and processed by our information systems assists us in, among other things, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, processing provider claims, and providing data to our regulators. our healthcare providers also depend upon our information systems for membership verifications, claims status and other information. our information systems and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading and enhancement to meet our operational needs and regulatory requirements. we regularly upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities. if we experience difficulties with the transition to or from information systems or are unable to properly maintain or expand our information systems, we could suffer, among other things, operational disruptions, loss of existing members and difficulty in attracting new members, regulatory problems and increases in administrative expenses. in addition, our ability to integrate and manage our information systems may be impaired as the result of events outside our control, including acts of nature, such as earthquakes or fires, or acts of terrorists.
from time to time, we may become involved in costly and time-consuming litigation and other regulatory proceedings, which require significant attention from our management.
we are a defendant from time to time in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business, including, without limitation, medical malpractice claims. due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. an unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings are costly and time consuming and require significant attention from our management, and could therefore harm our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
an impairment charge with respect to our recorded goodwill and intangible assets could have a material impact on our results of operations.
we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. changes in business strategy, government regulations or economic or market conditions have resulted and may result in impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets at any time in the future. our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on, among other things, legal factors, market conditions, and operational performance. for example, the non-renewal of our health plan contracts with the state in which they operate may be an indicator of impairment. if an event or events occur that would cause us to revise our estimates and assumptions used in analyzing the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, such revision could result in a non-cash impairment charge that could have a material impact on our results of operations in the period in which the impairment occurs.
26
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security, and data laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
as part of our normal operations, we collect, process and retain confidential member information. we are subject to various federal and state laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of confidential member information, including the health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa) and the health information technology for economic and clinical health (hitech) act and the gramm-leach-bliley act, which require us to protect the privacy of medical records and safeguard personal health information we maintain and use. despite our best attempts to maintain adherence to information privacy and security best practices as well as compliance with applicable laws and rules, our facilities and systems, and those of our third party service providers, may be vulnerable to privacy or security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, malware, misplaced or lost data including paper or electronic media, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. in the past, we have had data breaches resulting in disclosure of confidential or protected health information that have not resulted in any material financial loss or penalty to date. however, future data breaches could require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and damage our reputation, subject us to state or federal agency review and could also result in enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
many of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is a multifaceted security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities.
hipaa broadened the scope of fraud and abuse laws applicable to healthcare companies.  hipaa created civil penalties for, among other things, billing for medically unnecessary goods or services.  hipaa established new enforcement mechanisms to combat fraud and abuse, including civil and, in some instances, criminal penalties for failure to comply with specific standards relating to the privacy, security and electronic transmission of protected health information.  the hitech act expanded the scope of these provisions by mandating individual notification in instances of breaches of protected health information, providing enhanced penalties for hipaa violations, and granting enforcement authority to states' attorneys general in addition to the hhs office for civil rights.  it is possible that congress may enact additional legislation in the future to increase penalties and to create a private right of action under hipaa, which could entitle patients to seek monetary damages for violations of the privacy rules. in addition, hhs has announced that it will continue its audit program to assess hipaa compliance efforts by covered entities with a focus on security risk assessments. although we are not aware of hhs plans to audit any of our covered entities, an audit resulting in findings or allegations of noncompliance could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
under hipaa, health plans are required to have the capacity to accept and send all covered transactions in a standardized electronic format. penalties can be imposed for failure to comply with these requirements. the transaction standards have been modified to version 5010 to prepare for the implementation of the icd-10 coding system. while we have prepared for the transition to icd-10 in october 2015, if unforeseen circumstances arise, it is possible that we could be exposed to investigations and allegations of noncompliance. in addition, if some providers continue to use icd-9 codes on claims after october 1, 2015, we may have to reject such claims, which may lead to claim resubmissions, increased call volume and provider and customer dissatisfaction. further, providers may use icd-10 codes differently than they used icd-9 codes in the past, which could result in higher costs and reimbursement levels, or lost revenues under risk adjustment. during the transition to icd-10, certain claims processing and payment information we have historically used to establish our reserves may not be reliable or available in a timely manner. as a result, implementation of icd 10 may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties with which we do business, including as a result of cyber attacks, could have an adverse effect on our business.
information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct our operations, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state agents. our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks.
27
security breaches may arise from external or internal threats. external breaches include hacking personal information for financial gain, attempting to cause harm to our operations, or intending to obtain competitive information. we experience attempted external hacking or malicious attacks on a regular basis. we maintain a rigorous system of preventive and detective controls through our security programs; however, our prevention and detection controls may not prevent or identify all such attacks. internal breaches may result from inappropriate security access to confidential information by rogue employees, consultants or third party service providers. any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential member information, financial data, competitively sensitive information, or other proprietary data, whether by us or a third party, could have a material adverse effect on our business reputation, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this filing. the discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under part i, item 1a."risk factors" of this form 10-k.
overview in 2013, we classified the operations for kentucky spirit health plan (kshp) as discontinued operations for all periods presented in our consolidated financial statements. the following discussion and analysis, with the exception of cash flow information, is presented in the context of continuing operations unless otherwise identified.
on february 2, 2015, the board of directors declared a two-for-one split of centene's common stock in the form of a 100% stock dividend distributed february 19, 2015 to stockholders of record on february 12, 2015. all share, per share and stock price information presented in this form 10-k has been adjusted for the two-for-one stock split.
our financial performance for 2014 is summarized as follows:
•   year-end managed care membership of 4.1 million, an increase of 1.2 million members, or 41% over 2013.
•   premium and service revenues of $15.7 billion, representing 48.8% growth year over year.
•   health benefits ratio of 89.3%, compared to 88.6% in 2013.
•   general and administrative expense ratio of 8.4%, compared to 8.8% in 2013.
•   total operating cash flows of $1.2 billion, or 4.6 times net earnings.
•   diluted net earnings per share of $2.23, compared to $1.43 in 2013.
the following items contributed to our revenue and membership growth over the last two years:
•   acariahealth. in april 2013, we completed the acquisition of acariahealth, a specialty pharmacy company.
•   california. in november 2013, our california subsidiary, california health and wellness (chw), began operating under a new contract with the california department of health care services to serve medicaid beneficiaries in 18 rural counties under the state's medi-cal managed care rural expansion program and medi-cal beneficiaries in imperial county. in january 2014, chw also began serving members under the state's medicaid expansion program.
•   centurion. centurion is a joint venture between centene and mhm services inc. in july 2013, centurion began operating under a new contract with the department of corrections in massachusetts to provide comprehensive healthcare services to individuals incarcerated in massachusetts state correctional facilities. in september 2013, centurion began operating under a new contract to provide healthcare services to individuals incarcerated in tennessee state correctional facilities. in january 2014, centurion began operating under a new agreement with the minnesota department of corrections to provide managed healthcare services to offenders in the state's correctional facilities.
•   florida. in august 2013, our florida subsidiary, sunshine health, began operating under a contract in 10 of 11 regions with the florida agency for health care administration to serve members of the medicaid managed care long term care (ltc) program. enrollment began in august 2013 and was implemented by region through march 2014.
in may 2014, sunshine health also began operating under a new contract in 9 of 11 regions of the managed medical assistance (mma) program. the mma program includes tanf recipients as well as abd and dual-eligible members. in addition, we began operating as the sole provider under a new statewide contract for the child welfare specialty plan (foster care). enrollment for both the mma program and foster care began in may 2014 and was implemented by region through august 2014.
•   health insurance marketplaces (him). in january 2014, we began serving members enrolled in health insurance marketplaces in certain regions of nine states: arkansas, florida, georgia, indiana, massachusetts, mississippi, ohio, texas and washington.
34
•   illinois. in march 2014, our illinois subsidiary, illinicare health, began operating under a new contract as part of the illinois medicare-medicaid alignment initiative serving dual-eligible members in cook, dupage, lake, kane, kankakee and will counties (greater chicago region).
in july 2014, illinicare health began operating under a new contract with the cook county health and hospitals system to perform third party administrative services to members enrolled in the countycare program, as well as care coordination, behavioral health, vision care and pharmacy benefit management services.
in september 2014, illinicare health began serving additional medicaid members under the state's medicaid and medicaid expansion programs.
•   louisiana. in july 2014, we completed the transaction whereby community health solutions of america, inc. (chs) assigned its contract with the louisiana department of health and hospitals under the bayou health shared savings program to our subsidiary, louisiana healthcare connections (lhc).
•   massachusetts. in january 2014, our celticare health subsidiary began operating under a new contract with the massachusetts executive office of health and human services to participate in the medicaid expansion masshealth careplus program in all five regions.
•   mississippi. in july 2014, our mississippi subsidiary, magnolia health, began operating as one of two contractors under a new statewide managed care contract serving members enrolled in the mississippi coordinated access network program. program expansion began in december 2014.
•   new hampshire. in december 2013, our subsidiary, new hampshire healthy families, began operating under a new contract with the department of health and human services to serve medicaid beneficiaries. in addition, medicaid expansion began in late 2014.
•   ohio. in july 2013, our ohio subsidiary, buckeye health plan (buckeye), began operating under a new and expanded contract with ohio department of medicaid (odm) to serve medicaid members statewide through ohio's three newly aligned regions (west, central/southeast, and northeast). buckeye also began serving members under the abd children program in july 2013. in january 2014, buckeye began serving members under the state's medicaid expansion program.
in may 2014, buckeye began operating under a new contract with the odm and the centers for medicare and medicaid services to serve medicaid members in a dual-eligible demonstration program in three of seven regions: northeast (cleveland), northwest (toledo) and west central (dayton). this three-year program, which is part of the integrated care delivery system expansion, serves those who have both medicare and medicaid eligibility. enrollment began in may 2014 and implementation was completed in july 2014.
•   texas. in september 2014, we began operating under a new contract with the texas health and human services commission to expand our operations and serve star+plus members in two medicaid rural service areas. we also began providing expanded coverage in september 2014 under our star+plus contracts to provide acute care services for intellectually and developmentally disabled members.
•   u.s. medical management. in january 2014, we acquired a majority interest in u.s. medical management, llc, a management services organization and provider of in-home health services for high acuity populations.
•   washington. in january 2014, our subsidiary, coordinated care, began serving additional medicaid members under the state's medicaid expansion program.
in addition, in july 2014, we completed an investment accounted for under the equity method for the purchase of a noncontrolling interest in ribera salud s.a. (ribera salud), a spanish health management group. centene is a joint shareholder with ribera salud's remaining investor, banco sabadell s.a.
we expect the following items to contribute to our future growth potential:
•   we expect to realize the full year benefit in 2015 of business commenced during 2014 in florida, illinois, louisiana, mississippi, new hampshire, ohio, and texas as discussed above.
35
•   in february 2015, lhc began operating under a new contract with the louisiana department of health and hospitals to serve bayou health (medicaid) beneficiaries. members previously served under the shared savings program were transitioned to the at-risk program on february 1, 2015.
•   in february 2015, our south carolina subsidiary, absolute total care, began operating under a new contract with the south carolina department of health and human services and the centers for medicare and medicaid services to serve dual-eligible members as part of the state's dual demonstration program.
•   in february 2015, our indiana subsidiary, managed health services, began operating under an expanded contract with the indiana family &amp; social services administration to provide medicaid services under the state's healthy indiana plan 2.0 program.
•   in february 2015, centurion began operating under a new contract with the state of vermont department of corrections to provide comprehensive correctional healthcare services.
•   in january 2015, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire agate resources, inc., a diversified holding company that offers an array of healthcare products and services to oregon residents. the transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2015, subject to customary closing conditions, including oregon regulatory approval.
•   in january 2015, magnolia health began operating under a new contract with the state of mississippi to provide services under the children's health insurance program (chip).
•   in january 2015, we expanded our participation in health insurance marketplaces to include members in certain regions of illinois and wisconsin.
•   in december 2014, our subsidiary, cenpatico of arizona, in partnership with university of arizona health plan, was selected by the arizona department of health services/division of behavioral health services to be the regional behavioral health authority for the new southern geographic service area. the new contract is expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2015.
•   in december 2014, managed health services, was selected by the indiana family &amp; social services administration to begin contract negotiations to serve its abd medicaid enrollees who will qualify for the new hoosier care connect program. the contract is expected to commence in the first half of 2015.
•   in may 2014, our texas subsidiary, superior healthplan, was selected by the texas health and human services commission with the centers for medicare and medicaid services to serve dual-eligible members in three counties to provide integrated and coordinated care for individuals who are eligible for both medicare and medicaid. operations are expected to commence in the first quarter of 2015.
•   in february 2014, the texas health and human service commission expanded our star+plus contracts to include nursing facility benefits. the additional coverage is expected to commence in the first quarter of 2015.
•   in december 2013, we signed a definitive agreement to purchase a majority stake in fidelis securecare of michigan, inc. (fidelis), a subsidiary of fidelis seniorcare, inc. the transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2015, subject to certain closing conditions including regulatory approvals, and will include cash payments contingent on the performance of the plan. fidelis was selected by the michigan department of community health to provide integrated healthcare services to members who are dually eligible for medicare and medicaid in macomb and wayne counties. enrollment is expected to commence in the first half of 2015.
36
membership from december 31, 2012 to december 31, 2014, we increased our managed care membership by 1.5 million, or 57%.  the following table sets forth our membership by state for our managed care organizations:
december 31,
2014                                       2013                2012
arizona                      204,000             163,700             181,400
arkansas                      38,400                   -                   -
california                   163,900              97,200                   -
florida                      425,700             222,000             214,000
georgia                      389,100             318,700             313,700
illinois                      87,800              22,300              18,000
indiana                      197,700             195,500             204,000
kansas                       143,300             139,900                   -
louisiana                    152,900             152,300             165,600
massachusetts                 48,400              22,600              21,500
minnesota                      9,500                   -                   -
mississippi                  108,700              78,300              77,200
missouri                      71,000              59,200              59,600
new hampshire                 62,700              33,600                   -
ohio                         280,100             173,200             157,800
south carolina               109,700              91,900              90,100
tennessee                     21,000              20,700                   -
texas                        971,000             935,100             949,900
washington                   194,400              82,100              57,200
wisconsin                     83,200              71,500              72,400
total at-risk membership   3,762,500           2,879,800           2,582,400
non-risk membership          298,400                   -                   -
total                      4,060,900           2,879,800           2,582,400
at december 31, 2014, we served 201,300 medicaid members in medicaid expansion programs in california, illinois, massachusetts, new hampshire, ohio and washington included in the table above.
the following table sets forth our membership by line of business:
december 31,
2014                                               2013                2012
medicaid                           2,754,900           2,054,700           1,877,100
chip &amp; foster care               222,700             275,100             235,200
abd, medicare &amp; duals            392,700             305,300             274,600
health insurance marketplaces         74,500                   -                   -
hybrid programs                       18,900              19,000              29,100
ltc                                   60,800              37,800               8,500
behavioral health                    197,000             156,600             157,900
correctional healthcare services      41,000              31,300                   -
total at-risk membership           3,762,500           2,879,800           2,582,400
non-risk membership                  298,400                   -                   -
total                              4,060,900           2,879,800           2,582,400
37
the following table identifies the company's dual-eligible membership by line of business. the membership tables above include these members.
december 31,
2014                      2013           2012
abd        118,300              71,700        62,600
ltc         35,900              28,800         7,700
medicare    10,400               6,500         5,100
total      164,600             107,000        75,400
from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 our membership increased as a result of:
•   product and geographic expansions in florida and illinois;
•   the assignment of members in louisiana under the chs transaction;
•   the commencement of medicaid expansion programs in california, illinois, massachusetts, new hampshire, ohio, and washington;
•   the commencement of health insurance marketplaces in certain regions of nine states: arkansas, florida, georgia, indiana, massachusetts, mississippi, ohio, texas and washington;
•   product expansions in mississippi and texas;
•growth in south carolina; and
•the commencement of a correctional healthcare service contract in minnesota.
from december 31, 2012 to december 31, 2013 our membership increased as a result:
•operations commencing in california, kansas and new hampshire;
•geographic expansion in ohio;
•growth in washington; and,
•the commencement of correctional healthcare services contracts in massachusetts and tennessee.
38
results of operations the following discussion and analysis is based on our consolidated statements of operations, which reflect our results of operations for each of the three years ended december 31, 2014, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ($ in millions, except per share data):
2014                                                                                                                                                                        2013                        2012             % change 2013-2014             % change 2012-2013
premium                                                                                                               $14,198                                     $10,153                      $7,569                      39.8           %               34.1   %
service                                                                                                                 1,469                                         373                         113                     293.8           %              230.1   %
premium and service revenues                                                                                           15,667                                      10,526                       7,682                      48.8           %               37.0   %
premium tax and health insurer fee                                                                                        893                                         337                         428                     165.0           %              (21.3   )%
total revenues                                                                                                         16,560                                      10,863                       8,110                      52.4           %               33.9   %
medical costs                                                                                                          12,678                                       8,995                       6,781                      40.9           %               32.7   %
cost of services                                                                                                        1,280                                         327                          88                     291.4           %              271.6   %
general and administrative expenses                                                                                     1,314                                         931                         677                      41.1           %               37.5   %
premium tax expense                                                                                                       698                                         333                         428                     109.6           %              (22.2   )%
health insurer fee expense                                                                                                126                                           -                           -                      n.m.                           n.m.
impairment loss                                                                                                             -                                           -                          28                      n.m.                           n.m.
earnings from operations                                                                                                  464                                         277                         108                      67.5           %              156.5   %
investment and other income, net                                                                                           (7              )                           (8      )                   15                      12.5           %             (153.3   )%
earnings from continuing operations, before income tax expense                                                            457                                         269                         123                      69.9           %              118.7   %
income tax expense                                                                                                        196                                         107                          47                      83.2           %              127.7   %
earnings from continuing operations, net of income tax                                                                    261                                         162                          76                      61.1           %              113.2   %
discontinued operations, net of income tax expense (benefit) of $1, $2, and $(48), respectively                             3                                           4                         (87      )              (25.0          )%              104.6   %
net earnings (loss)                                                                                                       264                                         166                         (11      )               59.0           %               n.m.
(earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                    7                                          (1      )                   13                      n.m.                           n.m.
net earnings attributable to centene corporation                                                                         $271                                        $165                          $2                      64.2           %               n.m.
amounts attributable to centene corporation common shareholders:
earnings from continuing operations, net of income tax expense                                                           $268                                        $161                         $89                      66.5           %               80.9   %
discontinued operations, net of income tax expense                                                                          3                                           4                         (87      )              (25.0          )%              104.6   %
net earnings                                                                                                             $271                                        $165                          $2                      64.2           %               n.m.
diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable to centene corporation:
continuing operations                                                                                                   $2.23                                       $1.43                       $0.83                      55.9           %               72.3   %
discontinued operations                                                                                                  0.02                                        0.04                       (0.81      )              (50.0          )%              104.9   %
total diluted earnings per common share                                                                                 $2.25                                       $1.47                       $0.02                      53.1           %               n.m.
n.m.: not meaningful.
39
revenues and revenue recognition our health plans generate revenues primarily from premiums we receive from the states in which we operate. we generally receive a fixed premium per member per month pursuant to our state contracts. we generally receive premium payments and recognize premium revenue during the month in which we are obligated to provide services to our members. in some instances, our base premiums are subject to an adjustment, or risk score, based on the acuity of our membership. generally, the risk score is determined by the state analyzing submissions of processed claims data to determine the acuity of our membership relative to the entire state's membership. some contracts allow for additional premiums associated with certain supplemental services provided such as maternity deliveries.
our contracts with states may require us to maintain a minimum health benefits ratio or may require us to share profits in excess of certain levels. in certain circumstances, our plans may be required to return premium to the state in the event profits exceed established levels. we recognize reductions in revenue in the current period for these programs. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to receive additional or full contractual revenue. for performance-based contracts, we do not recognize revenue subject to refund until data is sufficient to measure performance.
revenues are recorded based on membership and eligibility data provided by the states, which is adjusted on a monthly basis by the states for retroactive additions or deletions to membership data. these eligibility adjustments are estimated monthly and subsequently adjusted in the period known. we continuously review and update those estimates as new information becomes available.  it is possible that new information could require us to make additional adjustments, which could be significant, to these estimates.
our specialty services generate revenues under contracts with state programs, healthcare organizations, and other commercial organizations, as well as from our own subsidiaries. revenues are recognized when the related services are provided or as ratably earned over the covered period of services.
premium and service revenues collected in advance are recorded as unearned revenue. premium and service revenues due to us are recorded as premium and related receivables and are recorded net of an allowance based on historical trends and our management's judgment of the collectibility of these accounts. as we generally receive payments during the month in which services are provided, the allowance is typically not significant in comparison to total revenues and does not have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition or results of operations.
some states enact premium taxes, similar assessments and provider and hospital pass-through payments, collectively, premium taxes, and these taxes are recorded as a component of revenues as well as operating expenses. additionally, our insurance subsidiaries are subject to the affordable care act annual health insurer fee (hif). the company recognizes revenue associated with the hif on a straight line basis when we have binding agreements for the reimbursement of the fee, including the "gross-up" to reflect the hifs non-tax deductible nature. we exclude the hif and premium taxes from our key ratios as we believe they are a pass-through of costs and not indicative of our operating performance. collectively, this revenue is recorded as premium tax and hif revenue in the consolidated statement of operations.
the centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms) deploys a risk adjustment model that retroactively apportions medicare premiums paid according to health severity and certain demographic factors. the model pays more for members whose medical history indicates they have certain medical conditions. under this risk adjustment methodology, cms calculates the risk adjusted premium payment using diagnosis data from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, physician treatment settings as well as prescription drug events. the company estimates the amount of risk adjustment based upon the diagnosis and pharmacy data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms and records revenues on a risk adjusted basis.
operating expenses medical costs medical costs include payments to physicians, hospitals, and other providers for healthcare and specialty services claims. medical costs also include estimates of medical expenses incurred but not yet reported, or ibnr, and estimates of the cost to process unpaid claims. we use our judgment to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of the required ibnr estimate. the assumptions we consider include, without limitation, claims receipt and payment experience (and variations in that experience), changes in membership, provider billing practices, healthcare service utilization trends, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, prior authorization of medical services, benefit changes, known outbreaks of disease or increased incidence of illness such as influenza, provider contract changes, changes to medicaid fee schedules, and the incidence of high dollar or catastrophic claims.
40
our development of the ibnr estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as claims receipts and payment information becomes available. as more complete information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimate, and include the changes in estimates in medical expense in the period in which the changes are identified.
additionally, we contract with independent actuaries to review our estimates on a quarterly basis. the independent actuaries provide us with a review letter that includes the results of their analysis of our medical claims liability. we do not solely rely on their report to adjust our claims liability. we utilize their calculation of our claims liability only as additional information, together with management's judgment, to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of our liability for medical costs.
while we believe our ibnr estimate is appropriate, it is possible future events could require us to make significant adjustments for revisions to these estimates. accordingly, we cannot assure you that medical costs will not materially differ from our estimates.
results of operations depend on our ability to manage expenses associated with health benefits and to accurately estimate costs incurred. the health benefits ratio, or hbr, represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues (excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues) and reflects the direct relationship between the premium received and the medical services provided.
cost of services cost of services expense includes the pharmaceutical costs associated with our pharmacy benefit manager and specialty pharmacy's external revenues and certain direct costs to support the functions responsible for generation of our service revenues. these expenses consist of the salaries and wages of the professionals who provide the services and associated expenses.
general and administrative expenses general and administrative expenses, or g&a, primarily reflect wages and benefits, including stock compensation expense, and other administrative costs associated with our health plans, specialty companies and centralized functions that support all of our business units. our major centralized functions are finance, information systems and claims processing. g&a expenses also include business expansion costs, such as wages and benefits for administrative personnel, contracting costs, and information technology buildouts, incurred prior to the commencement of a new contract or health plan.
the g&a expense ratio represents g&a expenses as a percentage of premium and service revenues, and reflects the relationship between revenues earned and the costs necessary to earn those revenues.
health insurer fee the health insurer fee reflects the annual fee mandated by the affordable care act (aca) to health insurers. the fee is determined based on our premium revenues in the previous year. each health insurer's fee is calculated by multiplying its market share by the annual fee. market share is based on commercial, medicare, and medicaid premium revenue.
other income (expense)
other income (expense) consists principally of investment income from cash and investments, earnings in equity method investments, and interest expense on debt.
discontinued operations our subsidiary, kentucky spirit health plan (kshp), ceased serving medicaid members in kentucky as of july 6, 2013. accordingly, the results of operations for kshp are classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented in our consolidated financial statements. the following discussion and analysis is presented primarily in the context of continuing operations unless otherwise identified.
41
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
premium and service revenues premium and service revenues increased 48.8% in the year ended december 31, 2014 over the corresponding period in 2013 as a result of expansions in florida, ohio, washington, texas and illinois, growth in the acariahealth business, the addition of the california and new hampshire operations and our participation in the health insurance marketplaces. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we received premium rate adjustments which yielded an approximate net 1% composite increase across all of our markets.
operating expenses medical costs the table below depicts the hbr for our membership by member category for the year ended december 31,:
2014                                                      2013
medicaid, chip, foster care &amp; him   86.3   %      87.5   %
abd, ltc and medicare                   93.5          90.4
specialty services                      85.5          85.4
total                                   89.3          88.6
the consolidated hbr for the year ended december 31, 2014, of 89.3% was an increase of 70 basis points over the comparable period in 2013. the increase compared to last year is primarily attributable to an increase in complex care membership over the prior year.
cost of services cost of services increased by $953 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the corresponding period in 2013. this was primarily due to the acquisition of and growth in our acariahealth business as well as the acquisition of u.s. medical management.
general & administrative expenses general and administrative expenses, or g&a, increased by $383 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the corresponding period in 2013.  this was primarily due to expenses for additional staff and facilities to support our membership growth.
the consolidated g&a expense ratio for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 was 8.4% and 8.8%, respectively.  the year over year decrease in the g&a ratio reflects the leveraging of expenses over higher revenues in 2014, offset by the acquisition of u.s. medical management and start up of health insurance marketplaces which operate at higher g&a ratios.
health insurer fee during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded $126 million of non-deductible expense for the affordable care act (aca) annual health insurer fee. as of december 31, 2014, we have received signed agreements representing 99% of the total revenue associated with the reimbursement of the aca insurer fee including the related gross-up for the associated income tax effects. as a result, we recorded $195 million in premium tax and health insurer fee revenue associated with the reimbursement of the fee.
other income (expense)
the following table summarizes the components of other income (expense) for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
42
2014                                                           2013
investment income                           $22             $18
earnings from equity method investments       6               1
interest expense                            (35   )         (27   )
other income (expense), net                 $(7   )         $(8   )
the increase in investment income in 2014 reflects an increase in investment balances over 2013 and improved performance of certain equity investments. interest expense increased during the year ended december 31, 2014 by $8 million reflecting the issuance of an additional $300 million in senior notes in april 2014 and a higher level of borrowings under our revolving credit agreement.
income tax expense our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 was 42.9% compared to 39.8% in 2013. the increase is due to the non-deductibility of the health insurer fee which increased our effective tax rate. this was partially offset by a reduction of tax expense associated with the compensation deduction limitation. during 2014, the irs issued final regulations related to the compensation deduction limitation applicable to certain health insurance providers. as a result, we no longer believe the deduction limitation applies for 2013 and 2014. accordingly, we reversed previously recorded tax expense of $14 million for prior years resulting in a decrease in the effective tax rate which offset the health insurer fee impact.
segment results the following table summarizes our operating results by segment for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2014                                                        2013          % change2013-2014
premium and service revenues managed care                     $13,946              $9,782                42.6          %
specialty services                 4,800               2,932                63.7          %
eliminations                      (3,079   )          (2,188   )           (40.7         )%
consolidated total               $15,667             $10,526                48.8          %
earnings from operations managed care                        $353                $198                78.3          %
specialty services                   111                  79                40.5          %
consolidated total                  $464                $277                67.5          %
managed care premium and service revenues increased 42.6% in the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily as a result of expansions in florida, ohio, washington, mississippi, texas and illinois, the addition of the california and new hampshire operations and our participation in the health insurance marketplaces. earnings from operations increased $155 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily reflecting growth in the business.
specialty services premium and service revenues increased 63.7% in the year ended december 31, 2014, resulting from growth in our acariahealth business, increased services associated with membership growth in the managed care segment, the addition of three centurion contracts and the acquisition of u.s. medical management. earnings from operations increased $32 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily reflecting growth in the acariahealth business as well as favorable performance in our legacy individual health business.
43
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
revenues premium and service revenues increased 37.0% in the year ended december 31, 2013 over the corresponding period in 2012 as a result of the texas, mississippi, louisiana and florida expansions, pharmacy carve-ins in texas and louisiana, the additions of the kansas, missouri, washington, california and new hampshire contracts, commencement of the correctional healthcare contracts in massachusetts and tennessee, rate increases in several of our markets and the acquisition of acariahealth. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we received premium rate adjustments which yielded a net 2.7% composite increase across all of our markets.
operating expenses medical costs the table below depicts the hbr for our membership by member category for the year ended december 31,:
2013                                                 2012
medicaid, chip &amp; foster care   87.5   %      88.8   %
abd, ltc and medicare              90.4          90.7
specialty services                 85.4          92.0
total                              88.6          89.6
the consolidated hbr for the year ended december 31, 2013, of 88.6% was a decrease of 100 basis points over the comparable period in 2012. the 2013 hbr reflects performance improvement in texas and our individual insurance business from 2012.
costs of services cost of services increased by $239 million in the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to the corresponding period in 2012. this was primarily due to the additional volume resulting from the acquisition of acariahealth.
general and administrative expenses general and administrative expenses, or g&a, increased by $254 million in the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to the corresponding period in 2012. this was primarily due to expenses for additional staff and facilities to support our membership growth, acariahealth transaction costs, as well as performance based compensation.
the consolidated g&a expense ratio for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 was 8.8% and 8.8%, respectively. the g&a expense ratio reflects an increase in performance based compensation expense in 2013 as well as acariahealth transaction costs, offset by the benefits of leveraging of expenses over higher revenue in 2013 and our efforts to control costs.
impairment loss during 2012, an impairment analysis of our subsidiary, celtic insurance company, resulted in goodwill and intangible asset impairments of $28 million. the impaired identifiable intangible assets of $2 million and goodwill of $26 million were reported under the specialty services segment; $27 million of the impairment loss was not deductible for income tax purposes.
investment and other income, net the following table summarizes the components of other income (expense) for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
44
2013                                                                  2012
investment income                                  $18             $15
earnings from equity method investments              1               1
gain on sale of investments                          -               1
gain on sale of investment in convertible note       -              18
interest expense                                   (27   )         (20   )
other income (expense), net                        $(8   )         $15
investment income. the increase in investment income in 2013 primarily reflects an increase in investment balances over 2012.
gain on sale of investments. during 2012, we recognized $1 million in net gains primarily as a result of the liquidation of $76 million of investments held by the georgia health plan in order to meet short term liquidity needs due to delays in premium receipts from the state.
gain on sale of investment in convertible note. during 2012, we executed an agreement with a third party borrower whereby the borrower agreed to pay us total consideration of $50 million for retirement of $30 million of outstanding notes and equity ownership conversion features in certain medicaid and medicare related businesses. as a result, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $18 million in other income representing the fair value of the total consideration in excess of the carrying value of the loans on the balance sheet.
interest expense. interest expense increased during the year ended december 31, 2013 by $7 million reflecting the addition of $175 million of senior notes in the fourth quarter of 2012.
income tax expense our effective tax rate for 2013 was 39.8% compared to 38.2% in 2012. the increase in the income tax rate over 2012 resulted from a tax benefit in 2012 resulting from the clarification by a state taxing authority regarding a state income tax calculation, partially offset by a non-deductible goodwill impairment in 2012.
segment results the following table summarizes our operating results by segment for the year ended december 31, (in millions):
2013                                                        2012          % change2012-2013
premium and service revenues managed care                      $9,782              $7,212                35.6          %
specialty services                 2,932               2,107                39.2          %
eliminations                      (2,188   )          (1,637   )           (33.7         )%
consolidated total               $10,526              $7,682                37.0          %
earnings from operations managed care                        $198                 $63               214.3          %
specialty services                    79                  45                75.6          %
consolidated total                  $277                $108               156.5          %
managed care premium and service revenues increased 35.6% in the year ended december 31, 2013, due to the texas, mississippi, louisiana and florida expansions, pharmacy carve-ins in texas and louisiana, the additions of the california, kansas, missouri, new hampshire and washington contracts and rate increases in several of our markets. earnings from operations increased $135 million in the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to improvements in the performance of the texas business from 2012.
45
specialty services premium and service revenues increased 39.2% in the year ended december 31, 2013, due to the carve-in of pharmacy services in texas and louisiana, growth in our medicaid segment and the associated services provided to this increased membership, the acquisition of acariahealth and the additions of the centurion contracts in massachusetts and tennessee. earnings from operations increased $34 million in the year ended december 31, 2013. this reflects improvement in our individual health insurance business in 2013 and the impact of a $28 million impairment loss in 2012 in our individual insurance business.
46
liquidity and capital resources shown below is a condensed schedule of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, used in the discussion of liquidity and capital resources ($ in millions).
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                                         2013                2012
net cash provided by operating activities                         $1,223                $382                $279
net cash used in investing activities                               (848    )           (342    )           (188    )
net cash provided by financing activities                            198                 154                 179
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents          (1    )              -                   -
net increase in cash and cash equivalents                           $572                $194                $270
cash flows provided by operating activities normal operations are funded primarily through operating cash flows and borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
cash flows from operating activities for 2014 increased $841 million, or 220% compared to 2013 due to an increase in medical claims liabilities resulting from the growth in the business as well as an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses resulting from an increase in payables associated with various programs requiring a return of premium to state customers in certain circumstances.
cash flows from operating activities for 2013 increased $103 million, or 37% compared to 2012 due to an increase in net earnings between years and growth in our business. additionally, incentive compensation accruals increased from 2012 due to the performance of the company.
cash flows from operations in each year were impacted by the timing of payments we receive from our states.  states may prepay the following month premium payment, which we record as unearned revenue, or they may delay our premium payment, which we record as a receivable.  we typically receive capitation payments monthly, however the states in which we operate may decide to adjust their payment schedules which could positively or negatively impact our reported cash flows from operating activities in any given period.
the reimbursement of the hif from our state customers may be settled as a separate payment or monthly in combination with our other premium payments. the vast majority of our state customers are settling the reimbursement through a separate payment after verification of each state's portion of our hif, resulting in an increase in premium and related receivables at december 31, 2014. during 2014, we paid the 2014 annual hif invoice totaling $126 million. the table below details the impact to cash flows from operations from the timing of payments from our states ($ in millions).
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                      2013                2012
increase in premium and related receivables   $(463     )         $(143     )         $(117     )
increase in unearned revenue                  129                       3                  25
net decrease in operating cash flow           $(334     )         $(140     )         $(92      )
cash flows used in investing activities investing activities used cash of $848 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, and $342 million in the comparable period in 2013.  cash flows used in investing activities in 2014 primarily consisted of additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries, including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long term investments, the acquisition of u.s. medical management and chs, an equity investment in ribera salud and capital expenditures.
during 2014, we acquired 68% of u.s. medical management for $213 million in total consideration. the transaction was financed through a combination of centene common stock as well as $80 million of cash. we also completed a transaction with chs for initial cash consideration of $56 million as well as common stock. additionally, we purchased a noncontrolling interest in ribera salud s.a. (ribera salud), a spanish health management group for $17 million.
47
cash flows used in investing activities in 2013 primarily consisted of additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries, including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long term investments, the acquisition of acariahealth and capital expenditures. we completed the acquisition of acariahealth for $142 million in total consideration. the transaction was financed through a combination of centene common stock as well as $67 million of cash. during 2012, our investing activities primarily related to additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries and capital expenditures.
our investment policies are designed to provide liquidity, preserve capital and maximize total return on invested assets within our guidelines. net cash provided by and used in investing activities will fluctuate from year to year due to the timing of investment purchases, sales and maturities. as of december 31, 2014, our investment portfolio consisted primarily of fixed-income securities with an average duration of 2.7 years.  these securities generally are actively traded in secondary markets and the reported fair market value is determined based on recent trading activity, recent trading activity in similar securities and other observable inputs. our investment guidelines comply with the regulatory restrictions enacted in each state. we had unregulated cash and investments of $85 million at december 31, 2014, compared to $45 million at december 31, 2013.
we spent $103 million, $68 million and $82 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, on capital expenditures for system enhancements, and market expansions.
cash flows provided by financing activities our financing activities provided cash of $198 million, $154 million and $179 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  financing activities in 2014, 2013 and 2012 are discussed below.
2014
in april 2014, pursuant to a shelf registration statement, we issued $300 million 4.75% senior notes due may 15, 2022 at par. interest is paid semi-annually in may and november. in connection with the issuance, we entered into $300 million notional amount of interest rate swap agreements (2014 swap agreements) that are scheduled to expire may 15, 2022. under the 2014 swap agreements, we receive a fixed rate of 4.75% and pay a variable rate of libor plus 2.27% adjusted quarterly, which allows us to adjust the $300 million notes to a floating rate. we do not hold or issue any derivative instrument for trading or speculative purposes.
2013
during 2013, our financing activities primarily related to borrowings under our revolving credit facility, the sale of $15 million of common stock to fund the escrow account for the acquisition of acariahealth and the repayment of a mortgage note.
in may 2013, we entered into a new unsecured $500 million revolving credit facility and terminated our previous $350 million revolving credit facility. borrowings under the agreement bear interest based upon libor rates, the federal funds rate or the prime rate. the agreement has a maturity date of june 1, 2018, provided it will mature 90 days prior to the maturity date of the 5.75% senior notes due 2017 if such notes are not refinanced (or extended) or certain financial conditions are not met, including carrying $100 million of unrestricted cash on deposit.
2012
in november 2012, pursuant to a shelf registration statement, we issued an additional $175 million of non-callable 5.75% senior notes due june 1, 2017 at a premium to yield 4.29%. the indenture governing the $175 million add-on notes contains non-financial and financial covenants, including requirements of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. interest is paid semi-annually in june and december. we used the net proceeds from the offering to make capital contributions to our regulated subsidiaries.
liquidity metrics the $500 million revolving credit agreement contains non-financial and financial covenants, including requirements of minimum fixed charge coverage ratios, maximum debt-to-ebitda ratios and minimum tangible net worth. we are required not to exceed a maximum debt-to-ebitda ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. as of december 31, 2014, we had $75 million in borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility, and we were in compliance with all covenants. as of december 31, 2014, there were no limitations on the availability under the revolving credit agreement as a result of the debt-to-ebitda ratio.
48
we had outstanding letters of credit of $30 million as of december 31, 2014, which were not part of our revolving credit facility. we also had letters of credit for $58 million (valued at the december 31, 2014 conversion rate), or €48 million, representing our proportional share of the letters of credit issued to support ribera salud's outstanding debt which are a part of the revolving credit facility. collectively, the letters of credit bore interest at 1.73% as of december 31, 2014. in addition, we had outstanding surety bonds of $142 million as of december 31, 2014.
the indenture governing our senior notes contains non-financial and financial covenants, including requirements of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio.
at december 31, 2014, we had working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, of $134 million, as compared to $241 million at december 31, 2013.  we manage our short term and long term investments with the goal of ensuring that a sufficient portion is held in investments that are highly liquid and can be sold to fund short term requirements as needed.
at december 31, 2014, our debt to capital ratio, defined as total debt divided by the sum of total debt and total equity, was 33.9%, compared to 35.0% at december 31, 2013.  excluding the $70 million non-recourse mortgage note, our debt to capital ratio was 32.1% as of december 31, 2014, compared to 32.4% at december 31, 2013.  we utilize the debt to capital ratio as a measure, among others, of our leverage and financial flexibility.
we have a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to 8 million shares of common stock from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. we have 3 million available shares remaining under the program for repurchases as of december 31, 2014. no duration has been placed on the repurchase program. we reserve the right to discontinue the repurchase program at any time. we did not make any repurchases under this plan during 2014, 2013 or 2012.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we received dividends of $50 million, $18 million, and $29 million, respectively, from our regulated subsidiaries.
2015 expectations in january 2015, we issued an additional $200 million 4.75% senior notes ($200 million add-on notes) at par. the $200 million add-on notes were offered as additional debt securities under an indenture dated as of april 29, 2014, pursuant to which we previously issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% senior notes due 2022. in connection with the january 2015 issuance, we entered into interest rate swap agreements for a notional amount of $200 million at a floating rate of interest based on the three month libor plus 2.88%. gains and losses due to changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap will completely offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt and will be recorded as an adjustment to the $200 million add-on notes.
as previously discussed, in january 2015, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire agate resources, inc. the transaction is expected to close during the third quarter of 2015. also, in january 2015, we acquired livehealthier, a provider of technology and service-based health management solutions.
in january 2015, we sold 25% of our ownership in celtic insurance company. no gain or loss was recognized on the sale of the ownership interest. celtic insurance company is included in the specialty services segment. under the terms of the agreement, we entered into a put agreement with the noncontrolling interest holder to purchase the noncontrolling interest at a later date.
we expect to make net capital contributions to our insurance subsidiaries of approximately $630 million during 2015 associated with our growth and spend approximately $120 million in additional capital expenditures primarily associated with system enhancements and market expansions. these capital contributions are expected to be funded by unregulated cash flow generation in 2015, borrowings on our revolving credit facility and the $200 million add-on notes.
in july 2014, the company completed a transaction whereby chs assigned its contract with the louisiana department of health and hospitals under the bayou health shared savings program to the company's subsidiary, louisiana healthcare connections (lhc). the company may pay additional cash consideration up to $28.2 million based on membership retained by lhc in the first quarter of 2015.
49
based on our operating plan, we expect that our available cash, cash equivalents and investments, cash from our operations and cash available under our credit facility will be sufficient to finance our general operations and capital expenditures for at least 12 months from the date of this filing.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes future contractual obligations. these obligations contain estimates and are subject to revision under a number of circumstances. our debt consists of borrowings from our senior notes, credit facility, mortgages and capital leases. the purchase obligations consist primarily of software purchases and maintenance contracts. the contractual obligations and estimated period of payment over the next five years and beyond are as follows (in millions):
payments due by period total             less than1 year           1-3years           3-5years       more than5 years medical claims liability                $1,723                  $1,723                    $-                 $-            $-
debt and interest                        1,086                      47                   505                117                      417
redeemable noncontrolling interest         148                       -                   148                  -            -
operating lease obligations                252                      45                    89                 56                       62
purchase obligations                        57                      32                    18                  6                        1
other long term liabilities 1                -                       -                     -                  -            -
total                                   $3,266                  $1,847                  $760               $179            $480
________________________________
1 our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2014, includes $158 million of other long term liabilities. this consists primarily of long term deferred income taxes, liabilities under our deferred compensation plan, and reserves for uncertain tax positions. these liabilities have been excluded from the table above as the timing and/or amount of any cash payment is uncertain.
regulatory capital and dividend restrictions our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries.  as managed care organizations, these subsidiaries are subject to state regulations that, among other things, require the maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by each state, and restrict the timing, payment and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to us.  generally, the amount of dividend distributions that may be paid by a regulated subsidiary without prior approval by state regulatory authorities is limited based on the entity's level of statutory net income and statutory capital and surplus.
our subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum capital requirements prescribed by various regulatory authorities in each of the states in which we operate.  as of december 31, 2014, our subsidiaries had aggregate statutory capital and surplus of $1,699 million, compared with the required minimum aggregate statutory capital and surplus requirements of $851 million.  during the year ended december 31, 2014, we contributed $401 million of statutory capital to our subsidiaries. we estimate our risk based capital, or rbc, percentage (including kshp) to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level.
the national association of insurance commissioners has adopted rules which set minimum risk-based capital requirements for insurance companies, managed care organizations and other entities bearing risk for healthcare coverage.  as of december 31, 2014, each of our health plans was in compliance with the risk-based capital requirements enacted in those states.
recent accounting pronouncements for this information, refer to note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included herein.
50
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. our accounting policies regarding medical claims liability and intangible assets are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by our management. as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. we have reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the audit committee of our board of directors.
medical claims liability our medical claims liability includes claims reported but not yet paid, or inventory, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, or ibnr, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period.  we estimate our medical claims liability using actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice.  these actuarial methods consider factors such as historical data for payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, utilization of healthcare services and other relevant factors.
actuarial standards of practice generally require that the medical claims liability estimates be adequate to cover obligations under moderately adverse conditions.  moderately adverse conditions are situations in which the actual claims are expected to be higher than the otherwise estimated value of such claims at the time of estimate.  in many situations, the claims amounts ultimately settled will be different than the estimate that satisfies the actuarial standards of practice. we include in our ibnr an estimate for medical claims liability under moderately adverse conditions which represents the risk of adverse deviation of the estimates in our actuarial method of reserving.
we use our judgment to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of the required estimates. the assumptions we consider when estimating ibnr include, without limitation, claims receipt and payment experience (and variations in that experience), changes in membership, provider billing practices, healthcare service utilization trends, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, prior authorization of medical services, benefit changes, known outbreaks of disease or increased incidence of illness such as influenza, provider contract changes, changes to fee schedules, and the incidence of high dollar or catastrophic claims.
we apply various estimation methods depending on the claim type and the period for which claims are being estimated.  for more recent periods, incurred non-inpatient claims are estimated based on historical per member per month claims experience adjusted for known factors.  incurred hospital inpatient claims are estimated based on known inpatient utilization data and prior claims experience adjusted for known factors.  for older periods, we utilize an estimated completion factor based on our historical experience to develop ibnr estimates.  the completion factor is an actuarial estimate of the percentage of claims incurred during a given period that have been received or adjudicated as of the reporting period to the estimate of the total ultimate incurred costs.  when we commence operations in a new state or region, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability.  see "risk factors - failure to accurately predict our medical expenses could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows." these approaches are consistently applied to each period presented.
additionally, we contract with independent actuaries to review our estimates on a quarterly basis. the independent actuaries provide us with a review letter that includes the results of their analysis of our medical claims liability. we do not solely rely on their report to adjust our claims liability. we utilize their calculation of our claims liability only as additional information, together with management's judgment, to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of our liability for claims.
our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as additional claims receipts and payment information becomes available. as more complete claims information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimates, and include the changes in estimates in medical costs in the period in which the changes are identified. in every reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical claims liability estimates associated with previously reported periods. we consistently apply our reserving methodology from period to period. as additional information becomes known to us, we adjust our actuarial models accordingly to establish medical claims liability estimates.
51
the paid and received completion factors, claims per member per month and per diem cost trend factors are the most significant factors affecting the ibnr estimate.  the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our operating results caused by changes in these factors based on december 31, 2014 data:
completion factors: (1)                                          cost trend factors: (2)
(decrease)increasein factors                   increase          (decrease)increasein factors                   increase
(decrease) in                                                    (decrease) in medical claims                                                   medical claims liabilities                                                      liabilities
(in millions)                                                    (in millions)
(2.0   )%                            $182                        (2.0               )%                $(54      )
(1.5   )                              135                        (1.5                )                 (40      )
(1.0   )                               90                        (1.0                )                 (27      )
(0.5   )                               45                        (0.5                )                 (14      )
0.5                                  (44      )                  0.5                                   14
1.0                                  (88      )                  1.0                                   27
1.5                                 (131      )                  1.5                                   41
2.0                                 (174      )                  2.0                                   54
(1)   reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in completion factors.
(2)   reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in cost trend factors for the most recent periods.
while we believe our estimates are appropriate, it is possible future events could require us to make significant adjustments for revisions to these estimates.  for example, a 1% increase or decrease in our estimated medical claims liability would have affected net earnings by $11 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, excluding the effect of any return of premium, risk corridor, or minimum medical loss ratio programs.  the estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our providers and information available from other outside sources.
the change in medical claims liability is summarized as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2014                                                       2013                2012
balance, january 1,           $1,112                  $815                $519
incurred related to:
current year                  12,820                 9,073               6,836
prior years                     (142    )              (78    )            (55    )
total incurred                12,678                 8,995               6,781
paid related to:
current year                  11,122                 7,975               6,025
prior years                      945                   723                 460
total paid                    12,067                 8,698               6,485
balance, december 31,         $1,723                $1,112                $815
days in claims payable 1        44.2                  42.4                38.5
________________________
1   days in claims payable is a calculation of medical claims liability at the end of the period divided by average expense per calendar day for the fourth quarter of each year.
medical claims are usually paid within a few months of the member receiving service from the physician or other healthcare provider.  as a result, the liability generally is described as having a "short-tail," which causes less than 5% of our medical claims liability as of the end of any given year to be outstanding the following year.  we believe that substantially all the development of the estimate of medical claims liability as of december 31, 2014 will be known by the end of 2015.
52
changes in estimates of incurred claims for prior years are primarily attributable to reserving under moderately adverse conditions. in addition, claims processing initiatives yielded increased claim payment recoveries and coordination of benefits related to prior year dates of service. changes in medical utilization and cost trends and the effect of medical management initiatives may also contribute to changes in medical claim liability estimates.  while we have evidence that medical management initiatives are effective on a case by case basis, medical management initiatives primarily focus on events and behaviors prior to the incurrence of the medical event and generation of a claim. accordingly, any change in behavior, leveling of care, or coordination of treatment occurs prior to claim generation and as a result, the costs prior to the medical management initiative are not known by us. additionally, certain medical management initiatives are focused on member and provider education with the intent of influencing behavior to appropriately align the medical services provided with the member's acuity. in these cases, determining whether the medical management initiative changed the behavior cannot be determined. because of the complexity of our business, the number of states in which we operate, and the volume of claims that we process, we are unable to practically quantify the impact of these initiatives on our changes in estimates of ibnr.
the following are examples of medical management initiatives that may have contributed to the favorable development through lower medical utilization and cost trends:
•   appropriate leveling of care for neonatal intensive care unit hospital admissions, other inpatient hospital admissions, and observation admissions, in accordance with interqual or other criteria.
•   management of our pre-authorization list and more stringent review of durable medical equipment and injectibles.
•   emergency room program designed to collaboratively work with hospitals to steer non-emergency care away from the costly emergency room setting (through patient education, on-site alternative urgent care settings, etc.)
•   increase emphasis on case management and clinical rounding where case managers are nurses or social workers who are employed by the health plan to assist selected patients with the coordination of healthcare services in order to meet a patient's specific healthcare needs.
•   incorporation of disease management which is a comprehensive, multidisciplinary, collaborative approach to chronic illnesses such as asthma.
•   prenatal and infant health programs utilized in our start smart for your baby outreach service.
goodwill and intangible assets we have made several acquisitions that have resulted in our recording of intangible assets. these intangible assets primarily consist of customer relationships, purchased contract rights, provider contracts, trade names and goodwill. at december 31, 2014, we had $754 million of goodwill and $120 million of other intangible assets.
intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the following periods:
intangible asset            amortization period purchased contract rights          5 - 15 years provider contracts                 4 - 15 years customer relationships             3 - 15 years trade names                        7 - 20 years our management evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that may affect the estimated useful life or the recoverability of the remaining balance of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. if the events or circumstances indicate that the remaining balance of the intangible asset or goodwill may be impaired, the potential impairment will be measured based upon the difference between the carrying amount of the intangible asset or goodwill and the fair value of such asset. our management must make assumptions and estimates, such as the discount factor, future utility and other internal and external factors, in determining the estimated fair values. while we believe these assumptions and estimates are appropriate, other assumptions and estimates could be applied and might produce significantly different results.
goodwill is reviewed annually during the fourth quarter for impairment. in addition, an impairment analysis of intangible assets would be performed based on other factors. these factors include significant changes in membership, state funding, medical contracts and provider networks and contracts.
53
we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. we generally do not calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. however, in certain circumstances, such as recent acquisitions, we may elect to perform a quantitative assessment without first assessing qualitative factors.
the fair value of all reporting units with material amounts of goodwill was substantially in excess of the carrying value as of our annual impairment testing date, with the exception of the u.s. medical management reporting unit that was acquired in the current year without excess fair value on the acquisition date. the fair value of the u.s. medical management reporting unit was in excess of the carrying value as of our annual impairment testing date.
