item 1a.   risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks described below and all of the other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating us. our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. this annual report on form 10-k also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows the risks below.
current economic and regulatory environment economic conditions have had and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
as a provider of consumer financial services, our business, results of operations and financial condition are subject to the united states and global economic environment. although the economy has continued to improve generally with respect to employment and housing market conditions, the improvement has not been at a rapid pace. a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be negatively impacted by economic conditions and other payment obligations. we are experiencing a period of historical lows in our delinquency and charge-off rates and we expect that these rates will be increasing over time. the over 30 days delinquency rate for total loan receivables was 1.66% at december 31, 2014, up from 1.64% at december 31, 2013. the full-year net charge-off rate for total loan receivables was 2.04% for the year ended december 31, 2014, up from 1.98% for the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect increases in our allowance for loan losses in 2015, which will negatively impact our net income.
economic conditions also can reduce the usage of credit cards in general and the average purchase amount of transactions industry-wide, including our cards, which reduces interest income and transaction fees. we rely heavily on interest income from our credit card business to generate earnings. our interest income from credit card loans was $6.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, which was 75% of revenues (defined as interest income plus other income), compared to $6.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013, which was 73% of revenues. economic conditions combined with a competitive marketplace could result in discover being unable to grow loans, resulting in reduced revenue from its core direct banking business.
financial regulatory reform initiatives have and will continue to significantly impact the regulatory environment for the financial services industry, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the dodd-frank act contains comprehensive provisions governing the practices and oversight of financial institutions and other participants in the financial markets. the dodd-frank act regulates large systemically significant financial firms, including discover, through a variety of measures, including increased capital and liquidity requirements, limits on leverage and enhanced supervisory authority. federal banking regulators have issued and continue to propose new regulations and supervisory guidance under the dodd-frank act and otherwise, and have been increasing their examination and enforcement activities. we expect regulators to continue addressing concerns through formal enforcement actions against financial institutions or non-public supervisory actions or findings.
the impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors including the supervisory priorities and actions of the federal reserve, the fdic and the cfpb, the actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. regulatory developments, findings and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies or require us to: limit or change our business practices, restructure our products in ways that we may not currently anticipate, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments." see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on recent matters affecting discover. regulatory developments could also impact our strategies, the value of our assets, or otherwise adversely affect our businesses.
compliance expenditures have increased significantly for discover and other financial services firms, and we expect them to continue to increase as regulators remain focused on controls and operational processes. we may face
-25-
additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers or other industry participants. the additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
for more information regarding the regulatory environment and developments potentially impacting discover, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments."
strategic business risk we face competition in the credit card market from other consumer financial services providers, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in fewer customers and lower account balances and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
the consumer financial services business is highly competitive. we compete with other consumer financial services providers on the basis of a number of factors, including brand, reputation, customer service, product offerings, incentives, pricing and other terms. competition in credit cards is also based on merchant acceptance and the value provided to the customer by rewards programs. many credit card issuers have instituted rewards programs that are similar to ours, and, in some cases, are more attractive to customers than our programs. these competitive factors affect our ability to attract and retain customers, increase usage of our products and maximize the revenue generated by our products. in addition, because most domestically-issued credit cards, other than those issued by american express, are issued on the visa and mastercard networks, most other card issuers benefit from the dominant position and marketing and pricing power of visa and mastercard. the competitive marketplace, combined with slow economic growth, could result in discover being unable to grow loans, resulting in reduced revenue from its core direct banking business. if we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take aggressive actions in response to competitors' actions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we incur considerable expenses in competing with other consumer financial services providers, and many of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our financial results.
we incur considerable expenses in competing with other consumer financial services providers to attract and retain customers and increase usage of our products. a substantial portion of these expenses relates to marketing expenditures. we incurred expenses of $735 million and $717 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, for marketing and business development. our consumer financial services products compete primarily on the basis of pricing, terms and service. because of the highly competitive nature of the credit card issuing business, a primary method of competition among credit card issuers, including us, has been to offer rewards programs, low introductory interest rates, attractive standard purchase rates and balance transfer programs that offer a favorable annual percentage rate or other financial incentives for a specified length of time on account balances transferred from another credit card. in the fourth quarter of 2014, we incurred a $178 million charge to earnings to enhance our rewards program by allowing easier redemption of rewards, which resulted in the elimination of our current estimate of customer rewards forfeiture, a contra-liability account.
competition is intense in the credit card industry, and customers may frequently switch credit cards or transfer their balances to another card. we expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, e-wallet participation, customer service improvements, credit risk management and operations enhancements, and infrastructure efficiencies. there can be no assurance that any of the expenses we incur or incentives we offer to attempt to acquire and maintain accounts and increase usage of our products will be effective. in addition, to the extent that we offer new products, features or services to remain competitive, we may be subject to increased operational or other risks.
furthermore, many of our competitors are larger than we are, have greater financial resources than we do, have more breadth in consumer banking products, and/or have lower funding and operating costs than we have and expect to have, and have assets such as branch locations and co-brand relationships, that may be appealing to certain customers. for example, larger credit card issuers, which have greater resources than we do, may be better positioned to fund appealing rewards, marketing and advertising programs. we may be at a competitive disadvantage as a result of the greater financial resources, diversification and scale of many of our competitors.
-26-
our expenses directly affect our earnings results. many factors can influence the amount of our expenses, as well as how quickly they may increase. our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses, and establish scalable operations, increase our expenses. in addition, as our business develops, changes or expands, additional expenses can arise as a result of a reevaluation of business strategies, management of outsourced services, asset purchases, structural reorganization, compliance with new laws or regulations or the integration of newly-acquired businesses. if we are unable to successfully manage our expenses, our financial results will be negatively affected.
we face competition from other operators of payment networks and alternative payment providers, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in reduced transaction volume, limited merchant acceptance of our cards, limited issuance of cards on our networks by third parties and materially reduced earnings from our payment services business.
we face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, both from traditional players and new, emerging alternative payment providers. for example, we compete with other payment networks to attract network partners to issue credit and debit cards and other card products on the discover, pulse and diners club networks. competition with other operators of payment networks is generally based on issuer fees, fees paid to networks (including switch fees), merchant acceptance, network functionality and other economic terms. competition is also based on customer perception of service quality, brand image, reputation and market share. further, we are facing increased competition from alternative payment providers, who may create innovative network arrangements with our primary competitors or other industry participants, which could adversely impact our costs, transaction volume and ability to grow our business.
many of our competitors are well established, larger than we are and/or have greater financial resources than we do. these competitors have provided financial incentives to card issuers, such as large cash signing bonuses for new programs, funding for and sponsorship of marketing programs and other bonuses. visa and mastercard each enjoy greater merchant acceptance and broader global brand recognition than we do. although we have made progress in merchant acceptance, we have not achieved global market parity with visa and mastercard. in addition, visa and mastercard have entered into long-term arrangements with many financial institutions that may have the effect of discouraging those institutions from issuing credit cards on the discover network or issuing debit cards on the pulse network. some of these arrangements are exclusive, or nearly exclusive, which further limits our ability to conduct material amounts of business with these institutions. if we are unable to remain competitive on issuer fees and other incentives, we may be unable to offer adequate pricing to network partners while maintaining sufficient net revenues.
we also face competition as merchants put pressure on transaction fees. increasing merchant fees or acquirer fees could adversely affect our effort to increase merchant acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover network and may cause merchant acceptance to decrease. this, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to attract network partners and our ability to maintain or grow revenues from our proprietary network. in addition, competitor's settlements with merchants and related actions, including pricing pressures and/or surcharging, could negatively impact our business practices. in response to the dodd-frank act, competitor actions related to the structure of merchant and acquirer fees and merchant and acquirer transaction routing strategies have adversely affected and are expected to continue to adversely affect our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue and prospects for future growth, and entry into new product markets. visa has entered into arrangements with some merchants and acquirers that has, and is expected to continue to have, the effect of discouraging those merchants and acquirers from routing debit transactions to pulse. in addition, the dodd-frank act's network participation requirements and competitor actions negatively impact pulse's ability to enter into exclusivity arrangements, which affects pulse's current business practices and may materially adversely affect its network transaction volume and revenue. pulse filed a lawsuit against visa in late 2014 with respect to these competitive concerns, which will significantly impact expenses for the payment services segment. pulse's transaction processing revenue was $182 million and $192 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
american express is also a strong competitor, with international acceptance, high transaction fees and an upscale brand image. internationally, american express competes in the same market segments as diners club. we may face challenges in increasing international acceptance on our networks, particularly if third parties that we rely on to issue diners club cards, increase card acceptance and market our brands do not perform to our expectations.
in addition, if we are unable to maintain sufficient network functionality to be competitive with other networks, or if our competitors develop better data security solutions or more innovative products and services than we do, our ability to retain and attract network partners and maintain or increase the revenues generated by our proprietary card
-27-
issuing business or our pulse business may be materially adversely affected. additionally, competitors may develop data security solutions which, as a consequence of the competitors' market power, we may be forced to use. as a result, those competitors could subject us to adverse restrictions and our business may be adversely affected.
our business depends upon relationships with issuers, merchant acquirers and licensees, which are generally financial institutions. the economic and regulatory environment and increased consolidation in the financial services industry decrease our opportunities for new business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships if a business partner is acquired or goes out of business. in addition, as a result of this environment, financial institutions may have decreased interest in engaging in new card issuance opportunities or expanding existing card issuance relationships, which would inhibit our ability to grow our payment services business. we continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies. transaction processing volume declined in the third and fourth quarters due to a third-party issuer contract related to our network partner business that was not renewed in 2014. although this loss of volume was mostly complete at the end of 2014, and we have added volume with our business-to-business payments arrangement, the added volume is lower margin. also, as previously disclosed, we expect to lose significant volume from a large pulse debit issuer beginning in 2015. the loss of these volumes significantly impacts our payment services volume and profits, but does not impact our overall profitability.
if we are unsuccessful in maintaining our international network business and achieving meaningful global card acceptance, we may be unable to grow our international network business.
we have made progress toward, but have not completed, achieving global card acceptance across the diners club network, the discover network and pulse since we acquired the diners club network and related assets in 2008. this would allow discover customers to use their cards at merchant and atm locations that accept diners club cards around the world and would allow diners club customers to use their cards on the discover network in north america and on the pulse network both domestically and internationally.
our international network business depends upon the cooperation, support and continuous operation of the network licensees that issue diners club cards and that maintain a merchant acceptance network. as is the case for other card payment networks, our diners club network does not issue cards or determine the terms and conditions of cards issued by the network licensees, with the exception of the diners club italy issuing business, which we acquired in 2013. if we are unable to continue our relationships with network licensees or if the network licensees are unable to continue their relationships with merchants, our ability to maintain or increase revenues and to remain competitive would be adversely affected due to the potential deterioration in customer relationships and related demand that could result. further, if one or more licensees were to experience a significant impairment of their business or were to cease doing business for economic, regulatory or other reasons, we would face the adverse effects of business interruption in a particular market, including loss of volume, acceptance and revenue, and exposure to potential reputational risk.
such conditions resulted in our acquisition of diners club italy and financial assistance to our slovenian licensee, resulting in a charge to earnings of approximately $40 million in the second quarter of 2013. in the fourth quarter of 2014, we classified diners club italy as held-for-sale, which resulted in an additional charge to earnings of approximately $21 million. our ability to sell diners club italy is subject to uncertainty and complexity. further, citigroup continues to own and operate network licensees generating a large share of the diners club network sales volume. in 2014, citigroup announced the potential sale of diners club japan, the largest licensee in both volume and revenue. in addition, other diners club licensees around the world face challenges as well. when these events occur, we may deploy resources and incur expenses to support various transition activities in order to sustain network acceptance. interruption of network licensee relationships could have an adverse effect on the acceptance of discover cards when they are used on the diners club network outside of north america.
also, as we have non-amortizable intangible assets that resulted from the purchase of diners club, if we are unable to maintain or increase revenues due to the reasons described above, we may be exposed to an impairment loss on the diners club acquisition that, when recognized, could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. the long-term success of our international network business depends upon achieving meaningful global card acceptance, which has included and may continue to include higher overall costs or longer timeframes than anticipated.
-28-
the success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the risks of our student loan portfolio and the student lending environment. if we fail to do so, we may be unable to sustain and grow our student loan portfolio.
our private student loan portfolio has grown from $1.0 billion at november 30, 2010 to $8.5 billion at december 31, 2014. the long-term success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the credit risk, pricing, funding, operations and expenses of a larger student loan portfolio, as well as grow student loan originations. our student loan strategy is also impacted by external factors such as the overall economic environment, a challenging regulatory environment for private student loans and a competitive marketplace. for more information on the regulatory environment, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments - consumer financial services - private student loans" and note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements. slow economic recovery combined with government and regulatory focus on student lending and competitive factors, such as the need to offer fixed interest rates, may present challenges to managing and growing our private student loan business in the future, and could cause us to restructure our private student loan product in ways that we may not currently anticipate. in addition, changes that adversely affect the private student loan market generally may negatively impact the profitability and growth of our student loan portfolio.
the success of our home loans strategy depends upon our ability to market, originate and sell mortgage loans. if we are unable to do so, our long-term strategy and overall success will be adversely affected.
the success of our home loans strategy depends upon our ability to generate mortgage loan origination volume. our origination volume is largely dependent on our ability to offer competitively priced, desirable loan products under the discover brand and our ability to attract qualified prospective borrowers. our origination volumes are also affected by certain external factors outside our control, including adverse economic conditions and reductions in refinance volumes. this has put pressure on us to develop our purchase mortgage capability to replace some of the lost refinance loan volume. historically, direct-to-consumer businesses have been more successful in the refinance business and less successful in the purchase market, and we face challenges in developing a scalable direct-to-consumer purchase mortgage origination business. overall economic conditions as well as an inability to attract customers in the purchase market has led and may continue to lead to fewer loan originations than expected, which adversely affects our ability to grow the business and results in reduced earnings. in the fourth quarter of 2014, our lack of progress in meeting these challenges resulted in an approximately $27 million charge to earnings related to the impairment of goodwill realized with the acquisition of our mortgage origination platform. we will continue to evaluate our home loans strategy.
our success also depends upon relationships with financial intermediaries, including secondary market purchasers, to which we sell eligible mortgages on a servicing-released basis, and our warehouse lender, which provides funding from the time we fund a customer's mortgage until it is sold to a secondary market purchaser. the secondary mortgage market, as well as the availability of mortgage financing, has experienced disruptions resulting from reduced investor demand and/or increased investor yield requirements for mortgage loans and associated mortgage servicing rights (including the government-sponsored enterprises fannie mae and freddie mac) and mortgage-backed securities. most of the market liquidity in the mortgage industry is provided, either directly or indirectly, by government sponsored entities or government agencies. any attempts to shift market liquidity to private capital sources could impose risk to the mortgage industry to the extent that changes reduce the capacity of available funding. if we are unable to sell our loans in the secondary market, sell servicing, or retain our warehouse facility, we could incur additional credit risk and losses, and funding costs and liquidity could be adversely impacted.
the long-term success of our home loans strategy depends partly upon our ability to manage the expenses and risks of offering home loan products. if we cannot execute a successful strategy, we may continue to experience losses in this area. in addition, we may incur additional expenses and risks if we are unable to successfully address and manage regulatory, counterparty and industry-related risks.
we may experience unanticipated losses as a result of mortgage loan repurchase and indemnification obligations under agreements with secondary market purchasers.
we may be required to repurchase mortgage loans that have been sold to secondary market purchasers in the event there are breaches of certain representations and warranties contained within the sales agreements, such as improper underwriting, fraud, or other origination defects. we also may be required to indemnify certain purchasers and others against losses they incur in the event of breaches of representations and warranties and in various other circumstances, and the amount of such losses could exceed the repurchase amount of the related loans. in connection
-29-
with the sale of loans to certain secondary market purchasers, we also expect to refund premiums paid by secondary market purchasers in instances where the borrower prepays the loan within a specified period of time. we would need to find alternative purchasers for, or arrange with a third party to service, any loans that we are unable to sell or are required to repurchase.
consequently, we are exposed to credit risk, and potentially funding risk, associated with sold loans due to the risk we may be required to repurchase these loans. we establish reserves in our consolidated financial statements for potential losses related to the risk of having to repurchase mortgage loans we have sold. the adequacy of the reserves and the ultimate amount of losses incurred will depend on, among other things, the actual future mortgage loan performance, the actual level of future repurchase and indemnification requests, the actual success rate of claimants, actual recoveries on the collateral and macroeconomic conditions. due to continued uncertainties relating to the credit performance of mortgages, the reserves we establish may not be adequate and losses incurred could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
acquisitions or strategic investments that we pursue may not be successful and could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition or reduce our earnings.
in the past few years, discover has been expanding its business beyond credit cards, both organically and through acquisitions. we may consider or undertake additional strategic acquisitions of, or material investments in, businesses, products, portfolios of loans or technologies in the future. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or even if we do identify suitable candidates, they may be difficult to finance, expensive to fund and there is no guarantee that we can obtain any necessary regulatory approvals or complete the transactions on terms that are favorable to us. we generally must receive federal regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company, deposits or certain assets or businesses. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments."
to the extent we pay the purchase price of any acquisition or investment in cash, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition; similarly, if the purchase price is paid with our stock, it may be dilutive to our stockholders. in addition, we may assume liabilities associated with a business acquisition or investment, including unrecorded liabilities that are not discovered at the time of the transaction, and the repayment or settlement of those liabilities may have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully integrate the personnel, operations, businesses, products, or technologies of an acquisition or investment. integration may be particularly challenging if we enter into a line of business in which we have limited experience and the business operates in a difficult legal, regulatory or competitive environment. we may find that we do not have adequate operations or expertise to manage the new business. the integration of any acquisition or investment may divert management's time and resources from our core business, which could impair our relationships with our current employees, customers and strategic partners and disrupt our operations. acquisitions and investments also may not perform to our expectations for various reasons, including the loss of key personnel, customers or vendors. if we fail to integrate acquisitions or investments or realize the expected benefits, we may lose the return on these acquisitions or investments or incur additional transaction costs, and our business, reputation and financial condition may be harmed as a result.
credit, market and liquidity risk our business depends on our ability to manage our credit risk, and failing to manage this risk successfully may result in high charge-off rates, which would materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition.
we seek to grow our loan receivables while maintaining quality credit performance. our success depends on our ability to manage our credit risk while attracting new customers with profitable usage patterns. we select our customers, manage their accounts and establish terms and credit limits using proprietary scoring models and other analytical techniques that are designed to set terms and credit limits to appropriately compensate us for the credit risk we accept, while encouraging customers to use their available credit. the models and approaches we use may not accurately predict future charge-offs due to, among other things, inaccurate assumptions. while we continually seek to improve our assumptions and models, we may make modifications that unintentionally cause them to be less predictive or we may incorrectly interpret the data produced by these models in setting our credit policies.
-30-
our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by economic conditions that may be difficult to predict as explained in our economic conditions risk factor at the beginning of this section. the full-year net charge-off rate for total loan receivables was 2.04% in 2014, up from 1.98% in 2013. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, $660 million, or 0.94%, and $634 million, or 0.96%, of our loan receivables were non-performing (defined as loans over 90 days delinquent and accruing interest plus loans not accruing interest). we are experiencing a period of historical lows in our delinquency and charge-off rates and we expect that these rates will be increasing over time. there can be no assurance that our underwriting and portfolio management strategies will permit us to avoid high charge-off levels, or that our allowance for loan losses will be sufficient to cover actual losses.
a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be negatively impacted by increases in their payment obligations to other lenders and by restricted availability of credit to consumers generally. our collection operations may not compete effectively to secure more of customers' diminished cash flow than our competitors. in addition, we may fail to quickly identify customers who are likely to default on their payment obligations and reduce our exposure by closing credit lines and restricting authorizations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections, bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance), competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques and models.
we continue to expand our marketing of our personal, private student loan and home loan products, including the launch of a new home equity loan product in late 2013. we have less experience in these areas as compared to our traditional credit card lending business, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to grow these products in accordance with our strategies, manage our credit and other risks associated with these products, or generate sufficient revenue to cover our expenses in these markets. our failure to manage our credit and other risks may materially adversely affect our profitability and our ability to grow these products, limiting our ability to further diversify our business.
adverse market conditions or an inability to effectively manage our liquidity risk could negatively impact our ability to meet our liquidity and funding needs, which could materially adversely impact our business operations and overall financial condition.
we must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed. we require liquidity in order to meet cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit on our consumer loans and required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings. our primary sources of liquidity and funding are payments on our loan receivables, deposits, and proceeds from securitization transactions and securities offerings. we may maintain too much liquidity, which can be costly and limit financial flexibility, or we may be too illiquid, which could result in financial distress during a liquidity stress event. our liquidity portfolio had a balance of approximately $10.8 billion as of december 31, 2014, compared to $11.1 billion as of december 31, 2013. our total contingent liquidity sources as of december 31, 2014 amounted to $34.3 billion (consisting of $10.8 billion in our liquidity portfolio, $16.0 billion in incremental federal reserve discount window capacity, and $7.5 billion of undrawn capacity in private securitizations), compared to $32.6 billion at december 31, 2013.
in the event that our current sources of liquidity do not satisfy our needs, we would be required to seek additional financing. the availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry, new regulatory restrictions and requirements, and our credit ratings. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital, credit or deposit markets, such as the volatility experienced in the capital and credit markets during the financial crisis of 2007, may limit our ability to repay or replace maturing liabilities in a timely manner. as such, we may be forced to delay raising funding or be forced to issue or raise funding at undesirable terms and/or costs, which could decrease profitability and significantly reduce financial flexibility. regulations such as the liquidity coverage ratio (lcr), as part of the basel iii accord, may increase the cost of funding and impact funding availability and are described more fully in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments." further, in disorderly financial markets or for other reasons, it may be difficult or impossible to liquidate some of our investments to meet our liquidity needs.
while market conditions have stabilized and, in many cases, improved, there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. likewise, adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and other third parties with whom we maintain important financial relationships could negatively impact our funding and liquidity. if we are unable to continue to fund our assets through deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to
-31-
manage our liquidity effectively, our liquidity, operating results, financial results and condition may be materially adversely affected.
an inability to accept or maintain deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
we obtain deposits from consumers either directly or through affinity relationships and through third-party securities brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers. we had $28.8 billion in deposits acquired directly or through affinity relationships and $17.3 billion in deposits originated through securities brokerage firms as of december 31, 2014, compared to $28.4 billion and $16.4 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2013. competition from other financial services firms that use deposit funding and the rates and services we offer on our deposit products may affect deposit renewal rates, costs or availability. changes we make to the rates offered on our deposit products may affect our profitability (through funding costs) and our liquidity (through volumes raised). in addition, our ability to maintain existing or obtain additional deposits may be impacted by factors, including factors beyond our control, such as: perceptions about our financial strength; quality of deposit servicing or online banking generally, which could reduce the number of consumers choosing to make deposits with us; third parties continuing or entering into affinity relationships with us; or third-party securities brokerage firms offering our deposit products.
our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits is also dependent on capital levels of our bank subsidiaries. the fdia in certain circumstances prohibits insured banks, such as our subsidiary discover bank, from accepting brokered deposits (as defined in the fdia) and applies other restrictions, such as a cap on interest rates we may pay. see "business - supervision and regulation" and note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements for more information. as of december 31, 2014, we had brokered deposits (as defined in the fdia) of $17.3 billion. while discover bank met the fdic's definition of "well-capitalized" as of december 31, 2014, and has no restrictions regarding acceptance of brokered deposits or setting of interest rates, there can be no assurance that it will continue to meet this definition. additionally, our regulators can adjust the requirements to be "well-capitalized" at any time and have authority to place limitations on our deposit businesses, including the interest rate we pay on deposits.
if we are unable to securitize our receivables, it may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
we use the securitization of credit card receivables, which involves the transfer of receivables to a trust and the issuance by the trust of beneficial interests to third-party investors, as a significant source of funding as well as for contingent liquidity. our average level of credit card securitized borrowings from third parties was $15.1 billion and $14.3 billion for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. although the securitization market for credit cards has been re-established since the financial crisis, there can be no assurance that there will not be future disruptions in the market. our ability to raise funding through the securitization market also depends, in part, on the credit ratings of the securities we issue from our securitization trusts. if we are not able to satisfy rating agency requirements to maintain the ratings of asset-backed securities issued by our trusts, it could limit our ability to access the securitization markets. additional factors affecting the extent to which we may securitize our credit card receivables in the future include the overall credit quality of our receivables, the costs of securitizing our receivables, and the legal, regulatory, accounting and tax requirements governing securitization transactions. for example, the basel committee on banking supervision recently proposed changes to the rules for banks' calculation of credit risk capital requirements for exposures to securitization transactions. the timing and impact of these proposed rules are unclear at this time, but they could impact the pricing and/or volume of our asset-backed securities issuances. a prolonged inability to securitize our credit card receivables, or an increase in the costs of such issuances, may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
the occurrence of events that result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions or an inability to delay the accumulation of principal collections in our credit card securitization trusts would materially adversely affect our liquidity.
our liquidity would be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of events that could result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions. our credit card securitizations are structured as "revolving transactions" that do not distribute to securitization investors their share of monthly principal payments received on the underlying receivables during the revolving period, and instead use those principal payments to fund the purchase of new receivables. the occurrence of an "early amortization event" may result in termination of the revolving periods of our securitization transactions, which would require us to repay the affected outstanding
-32-
securitized borrowings out of principal collections without regard to the original payment schedule. our average level of credit card securitized borrowings from third parties was $15.1 billion and $14.3 billion for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. early amortization events include, for example, insufficient cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements (i.e. excess spread less than zero) and certain breaches of representations, warranties or covenants in the agreements relating to the securitization. for more information on excess spread, see note 5: credit card and student loan securitization activities to our consolidated financial statements. an early amortization event would negatively impact our liquidity, and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. an early amortization event also could impact our ability to access the undrawn conduit facilities that we maintain for contingent liquidity purposes.
our credit card securitization structure includes a requirement that we accumulate principal collections into a restricted account in the amount of scheduled maturities on a pro rata basis over the 12 months prior to a security's maturity date. we have the option under our credit card securitization documents to shorten this accumulation period, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including reaffirmation from each of the rating agencies of the security's required rating. historically, we have exercised this option to shorten the accumulation period to one month prior to maturity. if we were to determine that the payment rate on the underlying receivables would not support a one-month accumulation period, or if one or more of the rating agencies were to require an accumulation period of longer than one month, we would need to begin accumulating principal cash flows earlier than we have historically. a lengthening of the accumulation period would negatively impact our liquidity, requiring management to implement mitigating measures. during periods of significant maturity levels, absent management actions, the lengthening of the accumulation period could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
a downgrade in the credit ratings of our securities could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we, along with discover bank, are regularly evaluated by the ratings agencies, and their ratings for our long-term debt and other securities, including asset-backed securities issued by our securitization trusts, are based on a number of factors that may change from time to time, including our financial strength as well as factors that may not be within our control. factors that affect our unsecured credit ratings include, but are not limited to, the macroeconomic environment in which we operate and the credit ratings of the u.s. government, the credit quality and performance of our assets, the amount and quality of our capital, the level and stability of our earnings, and the structure and amount of our liquidity. in addition to these factors, the ratings of our asset-backed securities are also based on the quality of the underlying receivables and the credit enhancement structure of the trusts. downgrades in our ratings or those of our trusts could materially adversely affect our cost of funds, access to capital and funding, and overall financial condition. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings or that our credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn.
we may not be successful in managing the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio and investment performance may deteriorate due to market fluctuations, which would adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we must effectively manage the risks of the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio, which is comprised of cash and cash equivalents and high-quality liquid investments. our liquidity portfolio was $10.8 billion at december 31, 2014. the value of our investments may be adversely affected by market fluctuations including changes in interest rates, prices, prepayment rates, credit risk premiums and overall market liquidity. also, investments backed by collateral could be adversely impacted by changes in the value of the underlying collateral. in addition, economic conditions may cause certain of the obligors, counterparties and underlying collateral on our investments to incur losses of their own or default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure to these investments. these risks could result in a decrease in the value of our investments, which could negatively impact our financial condition. these risks could also restrict our access to funding. while the securities in our investment portfolio are currently limited to obligations of high-quality sovereign and government-sponsored issuers, we may choose to expand the range our investments over time, which may result in greater fluctuations in market value. while we expect these investments to be readily convertible into cash and do not believe they present a material increase to our risk profile or will have a material impact on our risk-based capital ratios, they are subject to certain market fluctuations that may reduce the ability to fully convert them into cash.
-33-
changes in the level of interest rates could materially adversely affect our earnings.
changes in interest rates cause our net interest income to increase or decrease, as certain of our assets and liabilities carry interest rates that fluctuate with market benchmarks. external factors may cause interest rates to increase. the inability of the federal reserve to adjust monetary policy in a timely manner after a prolonged period of injecting liquidity into the economy as well as other market factors could result in a steep increase in domestic inflation and a resulting need to rapidly increase interest rates. tighter federal reserve monetary policy and rising interest rates would increase the cost of borrowing for consumers, businesses and governments. higher interest rates could negatively impact discover's customers as total debt service payments would increase, impede discover's ability to grow its consumer lending businesses, and increase the cost of funding, which would put discover at a disadvantage as compared to competitors that have less expensive funding sources.
some of our consumer loan receivables bear interest at a fixed rate or do not earn interest, and we are not able to increase the rate on those loans to offset any higher cost of funds, which could materially reduce earnings. at the same time, our variable rate loan receivables, which are based on the prime market benchmark rate, may not change at the same rate as our floating-rate borrowings or may be subject to a cap, subjecting us to basis risk. the majority of our floating-rate borrowings and interest rate derivatives are generally based on the one-month libor rate. if the one-month libor rate were to increase without a corresponding increase in the prime rate, our earnings would be negatively impacted. while the majority of our existing certificates of deposit bear interest at fixed rates that do not fluctuate with market benchmarks, we use derivative instruments to hedge the fixed rates associated with some of these certificates of deposit. however, new deposit issuances are subject to fluctuations in interest rates. moreover, although certificates of deposit we issue directly to consumers are subject to early withdrawal penalties, these penalties may not fully mitigate early withdrawal behavior in a rising interest rate environment.
interest rates may also adversely impact our delinquency and charge-off rates. many consumer lending products bear interest rates that fluctuate with certain base lending rates published in the market, such as the prime rate and libor. as a result, higher interest rates often lead to higher payment requirements by consumers under obligations to us and other lenders, which may reduce their ability to remain current on their obligations to us and thereby lead to loan delinquencies and additions to our loan loss provision, which could materially adversely affect our earnings.
we continually monitor interest rates and have a number of tools, including the composition of our investments, liability terms and interest rate derivatives, to manage our interest rate risk exposure. changes in market assumptions regarding future interest rates could significantly impact our interest rate risk strategy, our financial position and results of operations. if our interest rate risk management strategies are not appropriately monitored or executed, these activities may not effectively mitigate our interest rate sensitivity or have the desired impact on our results of operations or financial condition. for information related to interest rate risk sensitivities, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
we may be limited in our ability to pay dividends on and repurchase our stock.
in the year ended december 31, 2014, we increased our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.24 per share and repurchased approximately 5% of our outstanding common stock under our share repurchase program. the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and the federal reserve's non-objection to our annual capital plan. the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory review and other factors as further described in "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases." holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding, and if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of our preferred stock in any dividend period, no dividend may be declared or paid on or set aside for payment on our common stock. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our payment of dividends on or our repurchase of our stock at any time. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends on or repurchase our stock in the future.
we are a holding company and depend on payments from our subsidiaries.
discover financial services, our parent holding company, depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries, particularly discover bank, to fund dividend payments, share repurchases, payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, and to provide funding and capital as needed to its operating subsidiaries.
-34-
banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our transfer of funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries, at any time. these laws, regulations and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations or otherwise achieve strategic objectives. for more information, see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases."
operational and other risk our framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss.
our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. we have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk. we seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits and reporting requirements.
management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. we use a variety of models to manage and inform decision making with respect to customers, and for the measurement of risk including credit, market and operational risks and for our finance and treasury functions. models used by discover can vary in their complexity and are designed to identify, measure, and mitigate risks at various levels such as loan-level, portfolio segments, entire portfolios and products. these models use a set of computational rules to generate numerical estimates of uncertain values to be used for assessment of price, financial forecasts, and estimates of credit, interest rate, market, and operational risk. all models carry some level of uncertainty that introduces risks in the estimates.
if the models that we use to mitigate risks are inadequate, we may incur increased losses. in addition, there may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. if our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
if our security systems, or those of third parties, containing information about us, our customers or third parties with which we do business, are compromised, our business could be disrupted and we may be subject to significant financial exposure, liability and damage to our reputation.
our direct banking and network operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential information about us, our customers and third parties with which we do business. information security risks for financial institutions have increased and continue to increase in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet, mobile and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers, terrorist organizations, nation state actors and other external parties. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers.
our technologies, systems, networks and software, and those of other financial institutions, have been and are likely to continue to be the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, malicious code, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, social engineering, other remote access attacks, and physical attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. these types of threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties, or may result from accidental technological failure.
despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems through our information security and business continuity programs, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches or events of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and quickly or are not recognized until launched, and because:
   security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources and geographic locations.
   because we rely on many third-party service providers and network participants, including merchants, a security breach or cyber-attack affecting one of these third parties could impact us. for example, the financial services industry has seen an increase in point-of-sale breaches at retail merchant locations, which are remote attacks against the environment where retail transactions are authorized (especially card-present purchases), resulting in potential exposure of personal and identifiable information impacting millions of households. for additional information see the risk factor "- we rely on third parties to deliver services. if
-35-
we face difficulties managing our relationships with third-party service providers, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected."
   further, to access our products and services, our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems.
we are subject to increasingly more risk related to security systems as we increase acceptance of the discover card internationally, expand our suite of online direct banking products, enhance our mobile payment technologies, acquire new or outsource some of our business operations, expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications, and otherwise attempt to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the financial services industry. our efforts to mitigate this risk increase our expenses. while we continue to invest in our cyber security defenses, if our security systems or those of third parties are penetrated or circumvented such that the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information about us, our customers, transactions processed on our networks or third parties with which we do business is compromised, we could be subject to significant liability that may not be covered by insurance, including significant legal and financial exposure, actions by our regulators, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services that could materially adversely affect our business. for additional information on risks in this area, see the risk factors below regarding fraudulent activity, the introduction of new products and services, the use of third parties for outsourcing, technology generally, and laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security.
if we cannot remain organizationally effective, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment.
to remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. in order to execute on our strategy to be the leading direct bank and payments partner, we must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. examples include the implementation of a broader rollout of our checking product, the expansion of our new core banking platform beyond deposits, a strategy for our home loans platform, and a structure for a more competitive global network business. if we fail to develop and implement these solutions, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, execute our strategy, and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed in this increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations, relationships with our business partners, banking regulators, customers and shareholders, and ultimately our prospects for achieving our long-term strategies, may be negatively impacted.
we may be unable to increase or sustain discover card usage, which could impair growth in, or lead to diminishing, average balances and total revenue.
a key element of our business strategy is to increase the usage of the discover card by our customers, including making it their primary card, and thereby increase our revenue from transaction and service fees and interest income. however, our customers' use and payment patterns may change because of social, legal and economic factors, and customers may decide to use debit cards or other payment products instead of credit cards, not increase card usage, or pay their balances within the grace period to avoid finance charges. we face challenges from competing card products in our attempts to increase credit card usage by our existing customers. our ability to increase card usage also is dependent on customer satisfaction, which may be adversely affected by factors outside of our control, including competitors' actions and legislative/regulatory changes. existing legal and regulatory restrictions limit pricing changes that may impact an account throughout its lifecycle, which may reduce our capability to offer lower price promotions to drive account usage and customer engagement. as part of our strategy to increase usage, we have been increasing the number of merchants who accept cards issued on the discover network. if we are unable to continue increasing merchant acceptance or fail to improve awareness of existing merchant acceptance of our cards, our ability to grow usage of discover cards may be hampered. as a result of these factors, we may be unable to increase or sustain credit card usage, which could impair growth in or lead to diminishing average balances and total revenue.
-36-
our transaction volume is concentrated among large merchants, and a reduction in the number of large merchants that accept cards on the discover network or pulse network or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
discover card transaction volume was concentrated among our top 100 merchants in 2014, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 8% of that transaction volume. transaction volume on the pulse network was also concentrated among the top 100 merchants in 2014, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 11% of pulse transaction volume. these merchants could seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives by conditioning their continued participation in the discover network and/or pulse network on a change in the terms of their economic participation. loss of acceptance at our largest merchants would decrease transaction volume, negatively impact our brand, and could cause customer attrition. in addition, some of our merchants, primarily our remaining small and mid-size merchants, are not contractually committed to us for any period of time and may cease to participate in the discover network at any time on short notice.
actual or perceived limitations on acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover network or debit cards issued on the pulse network could adversely affect the use of discover cards by existing customers and the attractiveness of the discover card to prospective customers. also, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining network partners if we are unable to add or retain acquirers or merchants who accept cards issued on the discover or pulse networks. as a result of these factors, a reduction in the number of our merchants or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by merchants' increasing focus on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks.
merchant acceptance and fees are critical to the success of both our card-issuing and payment processing businesses. merchants are concerned with the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks. they seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives as a condition of continued participation in the discover network and pulse network. during the past few years, merchants and their trade groups have filed numerous lawsuits against visa, mastercard, american express and their card-issuing banks, claiming that their practices toward merchants, including issuer fees, violate federal antitrust laws. there can be no assurance that they will not in the future bring legal proceedings against other credit card and debit card issuers and networks, including us. merchants also may promote forms of payment with lower fees, such as ach-based payments, or seek to impose surcharges at the point of sale for use of credit or debit cards. merchant groups have also promoted federal and state legislation that would restrict issuer practices or enhance the ability of merchants, individually or collectively, to negotiate more favorable fees. the heightened focus by merchants on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks, together with the dodd-frank act and recent u.s. department of justice settlements with visa and mastercard, which would allow merchants to encourage customers to use other payment methods or cards and may increase merchant surcharging, could lead to reduced transactions on, or merchant acceptance of, discover network or pulse network cards or reduced fees, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
political, economic or other instability in a country or geographic region, or other unforeseen or catastrophic events, could adversely affect our international business activities and reduce our revenue.
natural disasters or other catastrophic events, including terrorist attacks, may have a negative effect on our business and infrastructure, including our information technology systems. our diners club network, concentrated primarily on serving the global travel industry, could be adversely affected by international conditions that may result in a decline in consumer or business travel activity. armed conflict, public health emergencies, natural disasters or terrorism may have a significant negative effect on travel activity and related revenue. although a regionalized event or condition may primarily affect one of our network participants, it may also affect our overall network and card activity and our resulting revenue. overall network and card transaction activity may decline as a result of concerns about safety or disease or may be limited because of economic conditions that result in spending on travel to decline. the impact of such events and other catastrophes on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
fraudulent activity associated with our products or our networks could cause our brands to suffer reputational damage, the use of our products to decrease and our fraud losses to be materially adversely affected.
we are subject to the risk of fraudulent activity associated with merchants, customers and other third parties handling customer information. our fraud losses have been increasing and we incurred losses of $134 million and
-37-
$110 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. credit and debit card fraud, identity theft and related crimes are prevalent and perpetrators are growing ever more sophisticated. our resources and fraud prevention tools may be insufficient to accurately predict and prevent fraud. the risk of fraud continues to increase for the financial services industry in general. additionally, our risk of fraud continues to increase as acceptance of the discover card grows internationally and we expand our direct banking business. our financial condition, the level of our fraud charge-offs and other results of operations could be materially adversely affected if fraudulent activity were to significantly increase. high-profile fraudulent activity could negatively impact our brand and reputation. in addition, significant increases in fraudulent activity could lead to regulatory intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance) and reputational and financial damage to our brands, which could negatively impact the use of our cards and networks and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business. further, fraudulent activity may result in lower license fee revenue from our diners club licensees.
the financial services and payment services industries are rapidly evolving, and we may be unsuccessful in introducing new products or services on a large scale in response to these changes.
technological changes continue to significantly impact the financial services and payment services industries, such as continuing development of technologies in the areas of smart cards, radio frequency and proximity payment devices, electronic commerce and mobile commerce, among others. for example, the industry migration to evolving security (referred to as "emv") standards in 2015 will be a fundamental change in how payment transactions are processed and how customers use their cards. there are significant risks in migrating to emv standards, including merchant acceptance, consumer adoption and technology issues, which may have adverse implications for both our card-issuing and network businesses. the introduction of emv standards requires changes to our payment systems to permit interoperability among our networks, both domestically and globally. the u.s. payments industry is expected to bring risks and opportunities in 2015 for both our card-issuing and payments businesses in emv migration as well as increasingly competitive mobile, e-wallet and tokenization solutions.
the effect of technological changes on our business is unpredictable. we depend, in part, on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies. we expect that new services and technologies relating to the payments business will continue to appear in the market, and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies that we currently use in our products and services. rapidly evolving technologies and new entrants in mobile and emerging payments pose a risk to discover both as a card issuer and to the payments business. as a result, our future success may be dependent on our ability to identify and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards and to provide payment solutions for our customers, merchants and financial institution customers.
difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of new products or services may be caused by a number of factors including, among other things, operational, capital and regulatory constraints. the occurrence of such difficulties may affect the success of our products or services, and developing unsuccessful products and services could result in financial losses as well as decreased capital availability. in addition, the new products and services offered may not be attractive to consumers and merchant and financial institution customers. also, success of a new product or service may depend upon our ability to deliver it on a large scale, which may require a significant capital investment that we may not be in a position to make. if we are unable to successfully introduce and maintain new income-generating products and services while also managing our expenses, it may impact our ability to compete effectively and materially adversely affect our business and earnings.
we rely on third parties to deliver services. if we face difficulties managing our relationships with third-party service providers, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we depend on third-party service providers for many aspects of the operation of our business. for example, we depend on third parties for software and systems development, the timely transmission of information across our data transportation network, and for other telecommunications, processing, remittance, technology-related and other services in connection with our direct banking and payment services businesses. if a service provider fails to provide the services that we require or expect, or fails to meet contractual requirements, such as service levels or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business by adversely affecting our ability to process customers' transactions in a timely and accurate manner, otherwise hampering our ability to serve our customers, or subjecting us to litigation and regulatory risk for poor vendor oversight. such a failure could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our networks and services, and the quality of our brands, and could materially adversely affect our revenues and/or our results of operations.
-38-
we rely on technology to deliver services. if key technology platforms become obsolete, or if we experience disruptions, including difficulties in our ability to process transactions, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. the implementation of technology changes and upgrades to maintain current and integrated systems may result in compliance issues and may, at least temporarily, cause disruptions to our business, including, but not limited to, systems interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays, all of which could have a negative impact on us. in addition, our transaction processing systems and other operational systems may encounter service interruptions at any time due to system or software failure, natural disaster or other reasons. such services could be disrupted at any of our primary or back-up facilities or our other owned or leased facilities. third parties to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of certain technological functionality may experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. in addition, there is no assurance that we will be able to sustain our investment in new technology to avoid obsolescence of critical systems and applications. a failure to maintain current technology, systems and facilities or to control third-party risk, could cause disruptions in the operation of our business, which could materially adversely affect our transaction volumes, revenues, reputation and/or our results of operations.
merchant defaults may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
as an issuer and merchant acquirer in the united states on the discover network, and as a holder of certain merchant agreements internationally for the diners club network, we may be contingently liable for certain disputed credit card sales transactions that arise between customers and merchants. if a dispute is resolved in the customer's favor, we will cause a credit or refund of the amount to be issued to the customer and charge back the transaction to the merchant or merchant acquirer. if we are unable to collect this amount from the merchant or merchant acquirer, we will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the customer. where the purchased product or service is not provided until some later date following the purchase, such as an airline ticket, the likelihood of potential liability increases. for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 losses related to merchant chargebacks were not material.
our success is dependent, in part, upon our executive officers and other key employees. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to manage our business well, our business could be materially adversely affected.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to retain, recruit and motivate key officers and employees to manage our business. our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. we believe we are in a critical period of competition in the financial services and payments industry. the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive, and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel. we may be subject to restrictions under future legislation or regulation limiting executive compensation. for example, the federal banking agencies issued guidance on incentive compensation policies at banking organizations. these requirements could negatively impact our ability to compete with other companies in recruiting and retaining key personnel and could impact our ability to offer incentives that motivate our key personnel to perform. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key personnel to manage our business well, our business could be materially adversely affected.
damage to our reputation could damage our business.
in recent years, financial services companies have experienced increased reputational risk as consumers protest and regulators scrutinize business and compliance practices of such companies. maintaining a positive reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers, investors and employees. damage to our reputation can therefore cause significant harm to our business and prospects. harm to our reputation can arise from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct, litigation or regulatory outcomes, failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality, compliance failures, and the activities of customers, business partners and counterparties. social media also can cause harm to our reputation. by its very nature, social media can reach a wide audience in a very short amount of time, which presents unique corporate communications challenges. negative or 'wrong' type of publicity generated through unexpected social media coverage can damage discover's reputation and brand. negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may result in customer attrition and other harm to our business prospects.
-39-
we may be unsuccessful in promoting and protecting our brands or protecting our other intellectual property, or third parties may allege that we are infringing their intellectual property rights.
the discover, pulse and diners club brands have substantial economic and goodwill value. our success is dependent on our ability to promote and protect these brands and our other intellectual property. our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perception of our company and brands. our brands are licensed for use to business partners and network participants, some of whom have contractual obligations to promote and develop our brands. for example, the discover card brand is now being issued by certain diners club licensees in their local markets. if our business partners do not adhere to contractual standards, engage in improper business practices, or otherwise misappropriate, use or diminish the value of our brands or our other intellectual property, we may suffer reputational and financial damage. if we will not be able to adequately protect ourselves, our overall business success may be adversely affected. in addition, third parties may allege that our marketing, processes or systems may infringe their intellectual property rights. given the potential risks and uncertainties of such claims, our business could be adversely affected by having to pay significant monetary damages or licensing fees, and we may have to alter our business practices.
laws, regulations, and supervisory guidance and practices, or the application thereof, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we must comply with an array of banking, consumer lending and payment services laws and regulations in all of the jurisdictions in which we operate as described more fully in "business - supervision and regulation" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments." regulatory developments, findings and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies or require us to: limit or change our business practices, restructure our products in ways that we may not currently anticipate, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments." see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on recent matters affecting discover and the second risk factor in this section regarding the regulatory environment for the businesses in which we engage.
in addition, we are subject to inquiries and enforcement actions from state attorney general offices and regulation by the federal trade commission, state banking regulators and the u.s. department of justice, as well as the sec and new york stock exchange in our capacity as a public company. we also are subject to the requirements of entities that set and interpret the accounting standards (such as the fasb, the sec, banking regulators and our independent registered public accounting firm) who may add new requirements or change their interpretations on how standards should be applied. a specific example of this is the proposed accounting standards update related to calculation of loan loss reserves. in december 2012, the fasb issued an exposure draft containing a current expected credit loss ("cecl") model for lenders and financial institutions to evaluate impairment of loans and financial instruments. the model as currently proposed requires evaluation of impairment based on an estimate of life of loan losses where the previous evaluation required utilization of an incurred loss model. the fasb is continuing to deliberate and refine the cecl model based on feedback received and a final standard is expected to be issued in 2015. while we continue to evaluate the model and provisions in the exposure draft and both are subject to change, this and other guidance not yet issued could potentially materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations, or could have an impact on regulatory capital. we are also subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other laws, that prohibit the making or offering of improper payments.
failure to comply with laws, regulations and standards could lead to adverse consequences such as financial, structural, reputational and operational penalties, including receivership, litigation exposure and fines (as described further below). failure to comply with anti-corruption and other laws can expose us and/or individual employees to potentially severe criminal and civil penalties. legislative and regulatory changes could impact the profitability of our business activities, require us to limit or change our business practices or our product offerings, or expose us to additional costs (including increased compliance costs). significant changes in laws and regulations may have a more adverse effect on our results of operations than on the results of our larger, more diversified competitors.
-40-
current and proposed laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security could inhibit the number of payment cards issued and increase our costs.
legal or regulatory pronouncements relating to consumer privacy, data use and security affect our business. we are subject to a number of laws concerning consumer privacy and data use and security. due to recent consumer data compromise events in the united states, which resulted in unauthorized access to payment card data of millions of customers, these areas have become a focus of the executive administration, congress, state legislators and banking regulators. developments in this area, such as new laws or regulations, could result in requirements on discover and other card issuers or networks that could increase costs or adversely affect the competitiveness of our credit card or debit card products. see the discussion on recent security developments in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments - payment networks" for more information. in addition, failure to comply with the privacy and data use and security laws and regulations to which we are subject, including by reason of inadvertent disclosure of confidential information, could result in fines, sanctions, penalties or other adverse consequences and loss of consumer confidence, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, overall business and reputation.
litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties and/or requirements resulting in increased expenses.
businesses in the consumer banking and payment services industries have historically been subject to significant legal actions, including class action lawsuits and commercial, shareholder and patent litigation. many of these actions have included claims for substantial compensatory, statutory or punitive damages. while we have historically relied on our arbitration clause in agreements with customers to limit our exposure to consumer class action litigation, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in enforcing our arbitration clause in the future. legal challenges to the enforceability of these clauses have led most card issuers, and may cause us, to discontinue their use. there have been bills pending in congress to directly or indirectly prohibit the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses in some or all consumer banking products. also, the dodd-frank act authorized the cfpb to conduct a study on pre-dispute arbitration clauses and, based on the study, potentially limit or ban arbitration clauses. a preliminary report on arbitration agreements issued by the cfpb expressed concerns about these agreements that may signal the agency is contemplating taking such steps. further, we are involved in pending legal actions challenging the use of our arbitration clause. in addition, we have been and may again be involved in various actions or proceedings brought by governmental regulatory and enforcement agencies, which could harm our reputation, require us to change our business activities and product offerings, or subject us to significant fines, penalties, customer restitution or other requirements, resulting in increased expenses. for example, complying with the fdic consent order related to our anti-money laundering program causes us to incur significant expenses. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on current matters affecting discover.
special note regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k and materials we have filed or will file with the sec (as well as information included in our other written or oral statements) contain or will contain certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates" and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "should," "would" and "could" are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. you should not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all uncertainties and risks throughout this annual report on form 10-k, including those described under "risk factors." the statements are only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
possible events or factors that could cause results or performance to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include the following:
   changes in economic variables, such as the availability of consumer credit, the housing market, energy costs, the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, the levels of consumer confidence and consumer debt, and investor sentiment;
   the impact of current, pending and future legislation, regulation, supervisory guidance, and regulatory and legal actions, including, but not limited to, those related to financial regulatory reform, consumer financial services practices, anti-corruption and funding, capital and liquidity;
-41-
   the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors;
   our ability to manage our expenses;
   our ability to successfully achieve card acceptance across our networks and maintain relationships with network participants;
   our ability to sustain and grow our private student loan and mortgage loan products;
   losses as a result of mortgage loan repurchase and indemnification obligations to secondary market purchasers;
   difficulty obtaining regulatory approval for, financing, closing, transitioning, integrating or managing the expenses of acquisitions of or investments in new businesses, products or technologies;
   our ability to manage our credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk;
   the availability and cost of funding and capital;
   access to deposit, securitization, equity, debt and credit markets;
   the impact of rating agency actions;
   the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates, currency values, investments, other market fluctuations and other market indices;
   losses in our investment portfolio;
   limits on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock;
   limits on our ability to receive payments from our subsidiaries;
   fraudulent activities or material security breaches of key systems;
   our ability to remain organizationally effective;
   our ability to increase or sustain discover card usage or attract new customers;
   our ability to maintain relationships with merchants;
   the effect of political, economic and market conditions, geopolitical events and unforeseen or catastrophic events;
   our ability to introduce new products or services;
   our ability to manage our relationships with third-party vendors;
   our ability to maintain current technology and integrate new and acquired systems;
   our ability to collect amounts for disputed transactions from merchants and merchant acquirers;
   our ability to attract and retain employees;
   our ability to protect our reputation and our intellectual property; and
   new lawsuits, investigations or similar matters or unanticipated developments related to current matters.
we routinely evaluate and may pursue acquisitions of or investments in businesses, products, technologies, loan portfolios or deposits, which may involve payment in cash or our debt or equity securities.
the foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as exclusive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this annual report on form 10-k. these factors expressly qualify all subsequent oral and written forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. except for any ongoing obligations to disclose material information as required under u.s. federal securities laws, we do not have any intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after we distribute this annual report on form 10-k, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis constitutes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k particularly under "risk factors" and "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows "risk factors." unless otherwise specified, references to notes to our consolidated financial statements are to the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 and for calendar years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 and one month ended december 31, 2012.
introduction and overview discover financial services is a direct banking and payment services company. we provide direct banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. we offer our customers credit card loans, private student loans, personal loans, home loans, home equity loans and deposit products. we also operate the discover network, the pulse network ("pulse") and diners club international ("diners club"). the discover network processes transactions for discover-branded credit cards and provides payment transaction processing and settlement services. pulse operates an electronic funds transfer network, providing financial institutions issuing debit cards on the pulse network with access to atms domestically and internationally, as well as point-of-sale terminals at retail locations throughout the u.s. for debit card transactions. diners club is a global payments network of licensees, which are generally financial institutions, that issue diners club branded charge cards and/or provide card acceptance services.
our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, merchants and issuers. the primary expenses required to operate our business include funding costs (interest expense), loan loss provisions, customer rewards, and expenses incurred to grow, manage and service our loan receivables and networks. our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables and the issuance of unsecured debt.
change in fiscal year on december 3, 2012, our board of directors approved a change in our fiscal year end from november 30 to december 31 of each year. this fiscal year change was effective january 1, 2013. as a result of the change, we had a one month transition period in december 2012. the audited results for the one month ended december 31, 2012 is included in this report.
2014 highlights
   net income was $2.3 billion, compared to $2.5 billion in the prior year.
   total loans grew $4.2 billion, or 6.4%, from the prior year to $70.0 billion.
   credit card loans grew $3.0 billion, or 5.6%, to $56.1 billion and discover card sales volume increased 5.1% from the prior year.
   net charge-off rate for credit card loans increased 6 basis points from the prior year to 2.27% and the delinquency rate for credit card loans over 30 days past due increased 1 basis point to 1.73%.
   payment services transaction dollar volume for the segment was $202.3 billion, up 3% from the prior year.
   we incurred a $178 million charge to earnings to enhance our rewards program by allowing easier redemption of rewards, which resulted in the elimination of our current estimate of customer rewards forfeiture.
   our capital market activities included issuances of approximately $5.0 billion in public credit card asset-backed securities. discover bank issued $1.1 billion in senior bank notes and discover financial services issued $500 million of senior notes.
   we repurchased approximately 25 million shares, or 5%, of our outstanding common stock for $1.5 billion.
-49-
2013 and 2012 highlights
   during the 2013 calendar year, our capital market activities included issuances of approximately $4.7 billion in public credit card asset-backed securities. discover bank issued $1.7 billion in senior bank notes.
   we repurchased approximately 27 million shares of common stock for $1.3 billion, reducing our number of shares outstanding by 5% during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013.
   we began offering residential mortgage loans through discover home loans following our june 2012 acquisition of substantially all of the operating and related assets of home loan center, a subsidiary of tree.com, inc.
   we repurchased 34 million shares, or approximately 6%, of our outstanding common stock for $1.2 billion during the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012.
   during the 2012 fiscal year, our capital market activities included issuances of approximately $5.4 billion in public credit card asset-backed securitizations and a $560 million preferred stock issuance. we also completed two private debt exchange offers involving an aggregate $822 million of outstanding debt.
outlook the growth of our existing direct banking products remains a priority as we continue to enhance our offerings to customers. we anticipate that investments in marketing and the fourth quarter 2014 changes we made to simplify and ease reward redemption will contribute to new card account growth and wallet share gains with existing customers. we are also targeting solid growth in our private student and personal loan portfolios, and are evaluating our home loans strategy.
revenue margin is expected to decline modestly in 2015. we expect this to be driven by net interest margin compression, a continued decline in protection products revenue, an increased credit card rewards rate and challenges in our payments business. the anticipated net interest margin compression is due to expected higher funding costs and modest yield declines from growth in promotional balances, run-off of higher priced balances and higher interest charge-offs.
while our credit quality remains relatively stable, we increased our allowance for loan losses in the fourth quarter of 2014 due to seasoning of loan growth from recent years. we expect our provision levels to increase as a result of continued seasoning of and growth in our loan portfolio.
we expect operating expenses to increase in 2015, primarily due to planned marketing, technology and infrastructure investments, as well as increased legal, regulatory and compliance costs. specifically, our anti-money laundering program enhancements are expected to contribute to increased expenses.
we expect lower returns in our payment services segment in 2015 due to competitive challenges, the loss of network relationships and increased expenses. we continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies. we anticipate a decline in volume in 2015 as compared to prior year periods as a result of a previously disclosed third-party issuer contract related to our network partners business that was not renewed in 2014 and the loss of volume from a large pulse debit issuer. the loss of volumes and increase in expenses is expected to significantly impact the financial results of our payment services segment, but is not expected to significantly impact our overall profitability. despite these continued challenges in our payments business, we continue to leverage our network to support our card-issuing business.
regulatory environment and developments the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the "dodd-frank act") contains comprehensive provisions governing the practices and oversight of financial institutions and other participants in the financial markets. the dodd-frank act regulates large systemically significant financial firms, including discover, through a variety of measures, including increased capital and liquidity requirements, limits on leverage and enhanced supervisory authority. federal banking regulators have implemented and continue to propose new regulations and supervisory guidance under the dodd-frank act and otherwise, and have been increasing their examination and enforcement action activities. we expect regulators to continue taking formal enforcement actions against financial institutions in addition to addressing concerns through non-public supervisory actions or findings.
-50-
the impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors including supervisory priorities and actions, the actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants and the behavior of consumers. regulatory developments, findings and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies, require us to limit or change our business practices, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments." for more information on recent matters affecting discover, see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements. regulatory developments could also impact our strategies, the value of our assets, or otherwise adversely affect our businesses.
compliance expenditures have increased significantly for discover and other financial services firms, and we expect them to continue to increase as regulators remain focused on controls and operational processes. we may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers or other industry participants. the additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
the final rule implementing section 619 of the dodd-frank act, commonly referred to as the volcker rule, which contains certain prohibitions and restrictions on the ability of "banking entities" to engage in proprietary trading and sponsor or invest in "covered funds" became effective in april 2014, and banking entities must generally conform with this rule by july 2015, subject to a one-year extension for certain investments in, and relationships with, legacy covered funds. we do not engage in any of the activities that are prohibited by the final rule and, therefore, do not believe it will have a material impact on our business.
consumer financial services the cfpb regulates consumer financial products and services, as well as certain financial services providers, including discover. the cfpb is authorized to prevent "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices" and ensure consistent enforcement of laws so that all consumers have access to markets for consumer financial products and services that are fair, transparent and competitive. the cfpb has rulemaking and interpretive authority under the dodd-frank act and other federal consumer financial services laws, as well as broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over large providers of consumer financial products and services, such as discover. the cfpb collects detailed account level information from us about credit cards, deposit accounts and other products, and is authorized to collect fines and provide consumer restitution in the event of violations. several of our products, including credit cards, private student loans and home loans, are areas of focus by the cfpb. in addition, the cfpb has an online complaint system that allows consumers to log public complaints with respect to the products we offer. the cfpb has proposed making consumer narratives available to the public. the financial services industry is concerned that the publication of detailed unverified consumer narratives could lead to reputational injury to consumer lenders. the cfpb's analysis of account data and complaints could inform future decisions with respect to regulatory, enforcement or examination focus, and influence consumers' attitudes about doing business with discover.
credit cards the cfpb has been focused recently on online credit card disclosures, the clarity and transparency of credit card rewards and grace period disclosures, and debt collection practices. in september 2014, the cfpb issued guidance on the marketing of credit card promotional interest rate offers that will require enhanced consumer disclosures. the cfpb is currently collecting data about reward program marketing practices, which may result in additional guidance. further, the cfpb continues to collect data regarding consumers' experiences with debt collectors and plans to use the data to help develop debt collection regulations. courts and legislators have also been focused on the debt collection practices of consumer financial services providers. the ultimate impact of the increased scrutiny of these areas is uncertain at this time.
private student loans there continues to be significant legislative and regulatory focus on the private student loan market, including by the cfpb and the fdic. this regulatory focus has resulted in an increase in supervisory examinations of discover related to private student loans. the cfpb is currently investigating certain student loan servicing practices of discover bank. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information. the
-51-
recent legislative and regulatory areas of focus include servicing practices with respect to assisting student borrowers with economic hardships, refinancing of private student loans, the liability of student borrowers in the event of cosigner death or bankruptcy, the standard for discharging student loans in bankruptcy, loan payment allocation, and requirements related to borrower military service. in october 2014, the cfpb student loan ombudsman for the private student loan market issued the 2014 annual report required by the dodd-frank act, which referenced these issues and others. the enactment of new legislation or the adoption of new regulations or guidance may increase the complexity and expense of servicing student loans. legislators and regulators may take additional actions that impact the student loan market in the future, which could cause us to restructure our private student loan product in ways that we may not currently anticipate.
mortgage lending the cfpb has indicated that the mortgage industry is an area of supervisory focus and that it will concentrate its examinations and rulemaking efforts on the variety of mortgage-related topics required under the dodd-frank act including steering consumers to less favorable products, discrimination, abusive or unfair lending practices, predatory lending, origination disclosures, minimum mortgage underwriting standards, mortgage loan origination compensation and servicing practices. the cfpb has published several final rules impacting the mortgage industry, including rules related to ability-to-repay, mortgage servicing and integrated mortgage origination disclosures. failure to comply with the ability-to-repay rule could result in possible cfpb enforcement action and special statutory damages plus actual, class action and attorney fee damages, all of which a borrower may claim in defense of a foreclosure action at any time. the new integrated mortgage origination disclosures rule, effective august 2015, requires combining disclosures currently provided under the truth in lending act and the real estate settlement procedures act, resulting in significant effort by the mortgage industry to test and implement as well as process changes with third-party settlement agents. in addition, congressional committees have approved legislation that could significantly affect the single family housing finance market in the united states, including proposals to wind down the government-sponsored enterprises, fannie mae and freddie mac, to which we currently sell our mortgages. it is uncertain what the ultimate impact of these developments will be on our mortgage business.
in october 2014, the federal reserve, fdic, sec and other federal regulatory agencies adopted a final rule to implement requirements under the securities exchange act of 1934, as added under the dodd-frank act, exempting "qualified residential mortgages" from the requirement that the sponsor of an asset-backed securitization retain not less than five percent of the credit risk of the underlying assets. because most of the mortgages we offer are "qualified residential mortgages" as defined in the exemption, we do not expect the final rule to impact the pricing and depth of the secondary mortgage market to which we sell our mortgages.
payment networks the dodd-frank act contains several provisions impacting the debit card market, including network participation requirements and interchange fee limitations. the changing debit card environment, including competitor actions related to merchant and acquirer pricing and transaction routing strategies, has adversely affected and is expected to continue to adversely affect our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue and prospects for future growth. we continue to closely monitor competitor strategies in order to assess their impact on our business and on competition in the marketplace. the u.s. department of justice is examining some of these competitor pricing strategies. in addition, the dodd-frank act's network participation requirements impact pulse's ability to enter into exclusivity arrangements, which affect pulse's current business practices and may materially adversely affect its network transaction volume and revenue.
publicly-reported incidents regarding unauthorized access to consumer information held by major retailers and others has prompted a renewed focus by congress and state legislators to possibly enact legislation to address future data security breaches. in october 2014, the president signed a new executive order which, among other things, directs the government to take the lead in moving the market towards more secure payment systems, including implementing a new policy to secure payments to and from the federal government by applying chip and pin technology to newly issued and existing government credit cards and debit cards, and upgrading retail payment card terminals at federal agency facilities to accept chip and pin-enabled cards. in january 2015, the president announced legislative proposals and administration efforts with respect to privacy and cybersecurity, including a specific proposal for a national data breach notification standard and a proposal designed to encourage the private sector to increase the sharing of information related to cyber threats. all these developments could ultimately result in the imposition of requirements on discover or other card issuers or networks that could increase costs or adversely affect the
-52-
competitiveness of our credit card or debit card products. it is too early to know if any new legislation will become law, the final form any such legislation would take, or the impact such a law would have on discover.
the final compromise text for the proposed european union regulation of interchange fees assessed for card-based payment transactions was released and endorsed by the european union countries in january 2015. the regulation remains subject to a vote by the full european parliament and final approval by the council anticipated in april 2015. the regulation, if enacted, would reduce the fees that card issuers can receive for payment card transactions. as such, the regulation would likely have significant impact across the industry and could impact our diners club network. at this time, we are evaluating the scope and impact that the regulation would have on the business practices and revenues of our diners club network participants in europe.
capital, liquidity and funding capital discover financial services and discover bank are subject to new regulatory capital requirements beginning in january 2015 under final rules issued by the federal reserve and the fdic to implement the provisions of the basel iii regulatory capital reforms. the rules include significant changes to bank capital, leverage and liquidity requirements. the rules require new risk-based capital and leverage ratios and refine the definition of what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios. see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases" for more information. in addition, the rules establish a capital conservation buffer above the new regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of common equity tier 1 capital and result in higher required minimum ratios by up to 2.5%. the new capital conservation buffer requirement will be phased in beginning in january 2016 and will be fully implemented in january 2019. a banking organization will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below any of the minimum capital requirements, including the buffer amount. based on our current capital composition and levels, we believe that we would be in compliance with the requirements as set forth in the final rules had they been in effect prior to 2015.
the final rule implementing the federal reserve's amendments to the capital plan and stress test rules applicable to bank holding companies with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets, including discover, became effective in november 2014. the rule provides guidance with respect to the current capital plan and stress testing cycle. it also modifies the start date of the capital plan and stress test cycles from october 1 of a calendar year to january 1 of the following calendar year, with capital plans and stress testing results due april 5 instead of january 5, starting in 2016. the final rule also clarifies the limitations that apply on capital distributions where a bank holding company has net capital issuances that are less than the amount in that bank holding company's approved capital plan.
liquidity we are subject to the federal reserve's final rule implementing certain enhanced prudential standards under the dodd-frank act for large u.s. bank holding companies, including enhanced liquidity and risk management requirements, which became effective beginning in january 2015. the final rule prescribes a broad range of qualitative liquidity risk management practices.
additionally, in september 2014, federal banking regulators published a final rule to implement the liquidity coverage ratio as a new quantitative requirement designed to promote the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of large and internationally active banking organizations in the united states. the ratio requires covered banks to maintain an amount of high-quality liquid assets sufficient to cover projected net cash outflows during a prospective 30-day calendar period under an acute, hypothetical liquidity stress scenario. we are subject to this new requirement and will be required to maintain a liquidity ratio of 90% in 2016, which will increase to 100% in 2017. we believe our liquidity management practices position us well to comply with this new standard when it becomes effective.
in october 2014, the basel committee on banking supervision issued the final standard for the net stable funding ratio ("nsfr"). the nsfr is defined as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding. "available stable funding" is defined as the portion of capital and liabilities expected to be reliable over the time horizon considered by the nsfr, which extends to one year. this ratio should be equal to at least 100% on an ongoing basis. the nsfr limits overreliance on short-term wholesale funding, encourages better assessment of funding risk across all on- and off-balance sheet items, and promotes funding stability. the rule is expected to be fully implemented beginning in january 2018. at this time, the u.s. regulatory authorities are still
-53-
assessing the nsfr. these new standards are subject to the federal reserve's adaptation for u.s. banks, and their terms may change before implementation.
securitizations in august 2014, the sec adopted final rules for asset-backed securities offerings that will substantially change the disclosure, reporting and offering process for public offerings of asset-backed securities, including those offered under discover bank's credit card securitization program. the new rules will change the disclosure and offering process for credit card securitizations and the eligibility criteria for shelf registration statements. among other changes, the final rules will require a certification concerning the disclosure contained in the prospectus and the design of the securitization at the time of each offering off the shelf and appointment of an asset representations reviewer to review assets for compliance with related representations and warranties in the related underlying transaction agreements when delinquency rates rise above a certain level and investors request such a review. issuers of publicly offered asset-backed securities must comply with these new rules no later than november 23, 2015. we do not believe these rules will have a material impact on discover bank's securitization program.
in october 2014, the federal reserve, fdic, sec and other federal regulatory agencies adopted a final rule to implement requirements under the securities exchange act of 1934, as added by the dodd-frank act, requiring the sponsor of an asset-backed securitization to retain not less than five percent of the credit risk of the underlying assets. sponsors of asset-backed securitizations will be required to comply with the risk retention rules no later than december 24, 2016. we do not believe the risk retention rules will have a material impact on discover bank's securitization program.
results of operations the discussion below provides a summary of our results of operations for the calendar year ended december 31, 2014 compared to our results of operations for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 and fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. the discussion also provides information about our loan receivables as of december 31, 2014 compared to december 31, 2013 and december 31, 2012.
segments we manage our business activities in two segments: direct banking and payment services. in compiling the segment results that follow, our direct banking segment bears all corporate overhead costs that are not specifically associated with a particular segment and all costs associated with discover network marketing, servicing and infrastructure, with the exception of an allocation of direct and incremental costs driven by our payment services segment.
direct banking our direct banking segment includes discover-branded credit cards issued to individuals on the discover network and other consumer products and services, including private student loans, personal loans, home loans, home equity loans, prepaid cards and other consumer lending and deposit products. the majority of direct banking revenues relate to interest income earned on the segment's loan products. additionally, our credit card products generate substantially all of our revenues related to discount and interchange, protection products and loan fee income.
payment services our payment services segment includes pulse, an automated teller machine, debit and electronic funds transfer network; diners club, a global payments network; and our network partners business, which provides payment transaction processing and settlement services on the discover network. this segment also includes the business operations of diners club italy, which primarily consist of issuing diners club charge cards. the majority of payment services revenues relate to transaction processing revenue from pulse and royalty and licensee revenue (included in other income) from diners club.
-54-
the following table presents segment data (dollars in millions):

for the calendar years ended december 31,               for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012              for the one month ended december 31, 2012
2014                                                                                      2013
direct banking interest income credit card                                     $6,359                          $5,978                                           $5,751                                                    $510
private student loans                              312                             252                                              184                                                      18
pci student loans                                  260                             272                                              303                                                      24
personal loans                                     568                             464                                              363                                                      34
other                                               97                              98                                              102                                                       9
total interest income                            7,596                           7,064                                            6,703                                                     595
interest expense                                 1,134                           1,146                                            1,331                                                     103
net interest income                              6,462                           5,918                                            5,372                                                     492
provision for loan losses                        1,440                           1,069                                              848                                                     178
other income                                     1,700                           1,976                                            1,939                                                     169
other expense                                    3,117                           2,961                                            2,891                                                     224
income before income tax expense                 3,605                           3,864                                            3,572                                                     259
payment services provision for loan losses                            3                              17                                                -                                                       -
other income                                       315                             330                                              342                                                      31
other expense                                      223                             233                                              161                                                      16
income before income tax expense                    89                              80                                              181                                                      15
total income before income tax expense          $3,694                          $3,944                                           $3,753                                                    $274
-55-
the following table presents information on transaction volume (in millions):

for the calendar years ended december 31,               for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012              for the one month ended december 31, 2012
2014                                                                                  2013
network transaction volume pulse network                             $165,851                        $159,805                                         $159,944                                                 $14,133
network partners                             9,446                           9,808                                            8,754                                                     885
diners club(1)                              26,970                          26,867                                           28,644                                                   2,274
total payment services                     202,267                         196,480                                          197,342                                                  17,292
discover network-proprietary(2)            119,471                         113,791                                          109,014                                                  10,987
total volume                              $321,738                        $310,271                                         $306,356                                                 $28,279
transactions processed on networks discover network                             2,020                           1,947                                            1,844                                                     183
pulse network                                4,283                           4,187                                            4,321                                                     357
total                                        6,303                           6,134                                            6,165                                                     540
credit card volume discover card volume(3)                   $125,111                        $118,594                                         $114,213                                                 $11,384
discover card sales volume(4)             $115,518                        $109,957                                         $105,454                                                 $10,657
(1)   diners club volume is derived from data provided by licensees for diners club branded cards issued outside north america and is subject to subsequent revision or amendment.
(2)   represents gross proprietary sales volume on the discover network.
(3)   represents discover card activity related to net sales, balance transfers, cash advances and other activity.
(4)   represents discover card activity related to net sales.
direct banking for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
our direct banking segment reported pretax income of $3.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, as compared to pretax income of $3.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013.
loan receivables totaled $69.9 billion at december 31, 2014, which was up from $65.8 billion at december 31, 2013, due to growth in credit card loans and other loan portfolios partially offset by a decrease in purchased credit-impaired ("pci") student loan balances. the growth in credit card loans was due to growth in customers with revolving balances partially offset by a higher net principal charge-off rate. the growth within the other loans portfolio was primarily attributable to organic growth in personal and private student loans. discover card sales volume was $115.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, which was an increase of 5% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this volume growth was driven primarily by continued growth in new accounts combined with lower attrition.
net interest margin increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this was primarily driven by higher yields on total loan receivables combined with lower interest rates on funding. the increase in loan receivable yields was driven by higher interest rates and growth in non-promotional revolving balances, partially offset by decline in higher rate balances along with growth in credit card promotional balances.
interest income increased during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to higher average balances of credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans resulting from growth across these products. the increase was also attributable to higher yields on credit card loans and pci student loans, partially offset by a decrease in yield on personal loans along with a decrease in pci student loan balances.
interest expense was relatively flat during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, as lower interest expense on deposits attributable to lower yields was offset by higher interest expense resulting from increase in borrowings.
-56-
at december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, our delinquency rate for credit card loans over 30 days past due was 1.73% and 1.72%, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2014, our net charge-off rate on credit cards remained relatively flat as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. recent loan growth has led to an increase in reserves required to cover losses from loan seasoning. an increase in reserve requirements combined with lower recoveries led to an increase in the provision for loan losses for the year ended december 31, 2014, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. for a more detailed discussion on provision for loan losses, see "- loan quality - provision and allowance for loan losses."
total other income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to a one-time charge to customer rewards costs resulting from the elimination of our current estimate of customer rewards forfeiture of $178 million, which reduced discount and interchange revenue. gain on sale of mortgage loans also decreased, driven primarily by lower mortgage refinance volume due to increased mortgage interest rates in 2013, as well as changes in product mix. the overall decrease in other income was also attributable to a decrease in protection product revenue reflecting lower sales volume as we have stopped selling these products.
total other expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher employee compensation costs driven by growth in headcount, along with higher professional fees related to technology and digital investments. marketing and business development costs, and information processing and communications costs also increased due to growth initiatives. the goodwill impairment of $27 million related to the discover home loans business also contributed to overall increase in total other expenses. for more information, see note 7: goodwill and intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements.
for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012
our direct banking segment reported pretax income of $3.9 billion for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, as compared to pretax income of $3.6 billion for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012.
loan receivables totaled $65.8 billion at december 31, 2013, which was up from $62.6 billion at december 31, 2012, due to growth in credit card loans and other loan portfolios partially offset by a decrease in pci loans balances. the growth in credit card loans was due to growth in customers with revolving balances combined with a continued improvement in the net principal charge-off rate. the growth within the other loans portfolio was primarily attributable to organic growth in personal and private student loans. discover card sales volume was $110.0 billion for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, which was an increase of 4% as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. this increase was driven primarily by continued growth in our active customer base combined with seasonal promotional programs driving incremental sales.
net interest margin increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. this was primarily driven by decreased funding costs and growth in loan receivables, partially offset by lower yields on total loan receivables. the decrease in loan receivable yields was driven by growth in credit card promotional balances and a decline in higher rate balances, partially offset by growth in non-promotional revolving balances.
interest income increased during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to higher average balances of credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans resulting from growth across these products combined with lower credit card loan interest charge-offs. the increase in interest income from these products was partially offset by a decrease in yield on credit card loan receivables along with a decrease in pci student loan volume.
interest expense declined during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to lower funding costs resulting from maturities of higher interest borrowings and deposits that were replaced with borrowings and deposits paying low interest rates.
at december 31, 2013, our delinquency rate for credit card loans over 30 days past due was 1.72% as compared to 1.79% at december 31, 2012, reflective of continuing trends of strong credit performance. for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, our net charge-off rate on credit cards declined to 2.21%, as compared to 2.62% for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. an increase in reserve requirements partially offset by a decline in the level of net charge-offs led to an increase in the provision for loan losses for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. for a more detailed discussion on provision for loan losses, see "- loan quality - provision and allowance for loan losses."
-57-
total other income increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to an increase in discount and interchange revenue, which was driven by an increase in sales volume. gain on sale of mortgage loans also increased, reflecting a full year of activity for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to a partial year of activity for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, due to the acquisition and integration of assets of home loan center in june of 2012. the overall increase in other income was partially offset by a decrease in protection product revenue reflecting lower sales volume as we have stopped selling these products. loan fee income also decreased due to lower levels of delinquencies which resulted in a lower level of loan fees being generated. additionally, the increase was partially offset by decrease in refinance mortgage loan volume due to increasing interest rates during 2013.
total other expense increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation costs driven by increased headcount. marketing and business development costs also increased due to growth initiatives. higher information processing and communication expenses also contributed to the increase as a result of higher software maintenance, licenses, and technology expenses due to growth initiatives. the overall expense increase was partially offset by legal expenses associated with the consent order that discover bank entered into with the fdic and cfpb, for which there was no equivalent impact in 2013.
payment services for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
our payment services segment reported pretax income of $89 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, up $9 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily as the result of a decrease in loan losses related to certain diners club licensee loans and other expense, partially offset by a decrease in other income. the decrease in other expense was primarily due to non-recurring expenses incurred in 2013 related to our purchase of the diners club italy licensee and financial assistance to facilitate the purchase of the slovenian licensee by a european bank. the decrease in other expense was partially offset by a fair value adjustment of $21 million resulting from recording diners club italy as held-for-sale in 2014. the decrease in other income was primarily driven by a decrease in transaction processing revenue reflecting the impact of merchant rerouting and lower rates.
transaction dollar volume increased $5.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily driven by a growth in pulse network volume. the number of transactions processed on the pulse network increased slightly for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
we have been working with our european diners club licensees with regard to their ability to maintain financing sufficient to support business operations. we may provide additional support in the future, including loans, facilitating transfer of ownership, or acquiring assets or licenses, which may cause us to incur losses. the licensees that we currently consider to be of concern accounted for approximately 4% of diners club revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014. in addition, diners club has $151 million of non-amortizable intangible assets at december 31, 2014. while we determined that none of these intangibles are presently impaired, to the extent that we are unable to maintain diners club revenues at appropriate levels, we may be exposed to a non-cash impairment loss on these assets that, when recognized, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012
our payment services segment reported pretax income of $80 million for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, down $101 million as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, primarily as the result of an increase in other expense and to a lesser extent a decrease in other income. the increase in other expense was primarily due to an increase in expenses attributable to support of our diners club network and in employee compensation reflecting an increase in headcount. the decrease in other income was primarily driven by a decrease in transaction processing revenue reflecting the impact of merchant rerouting and lower rates.
transaction dollar volume decreased $862 million for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, primarily driven by a reduction in diners club volume due to the impact of currency exchange rates, partially offset by an increase in network partners volume.
as previously disclosed, we have been working with our european diners club licensees with regard to their ability to maintain financing sufficient to support business operations. for example, we have provided loans to certain
-58-
licensees that have an outstanding balance of approximately $36 million at december 31, 2013. we have undrawn commitments to lend these licensees up to an additional $19 million as of december 31, 2013, subject to collateral requirements stated in the individual agreements. during 2013, we acquired diners club italy, which included $34 million of receivables, and we provided financial assistance to facilitate the purchase of our slovenian licensee by a european bank. these transactions resulted in a charge to earnings of approximately $40 million in the second quarter of 2013. additionally, we increased reserves by $15 million related to the loans to certain european diners club licensees, discussed above, due to liquidity concerns. there were no similar acquisitions, asset write downs or allowances in the prior year period.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"), management must make judgments and use estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are uncertain. for estimates that involve a high degree of judgment and subjectivity, it is possible that different estimates could reasonably be derived for the same period. for estimates that are particularly sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions, significant changes to the estimated amount from period to period are also possible. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain cases, could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition. management has identified the estimates related to our allowance for loan losses, the evaluation of goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment, the accrual of income taxes, and estimates of future cash flows associated with pci loans as critical accounting estimates. historically, management has considered the estimate of reward forfeitures to be a critical accounting estimate. in the fourth quarter of 2014, management made a series of changes to the redemption elements of our customer rewards program eliminating the forfeiture of rewards. these changes resulted in a one-time expense of $178 million due to the reversal of our current estimate for customer rewards forfeiture, a contra-liability account. with elimination of the forfeiture reward estimate, the determination of customer rewards cost no longer involves the use of a critical accounting estimate. see "- other income" and note 2: summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements for further details about customer rewards cost.
allowance for loan losses we base our allowance for loan losses on several analyses that help us estimate incurred losses as of the balance sheet date. this estimate considers uncollectible principal, interest and fees reflected in the loan receivables. while our estimation process includes historical data and analysis, there is a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced to determine the allowance. we use a migration analysis to estimate the likelihood that a loan will progress through the various stages of delinquency. management also estimates loss emergence by using other analyses to estimate losses incurred from non-delinquent accounts. the considerations in these analyses include past and current loan performance, loan seasoning and growth, current risk management practices, account collection strategies, economic conditions, bankruptcy filings, policy changes and forecasting uncertainties. given the same information, others may reach different reasonable estimates.
if management used different assumptions in estimating incurred net loan losses, the impact to the allowance for loan losses could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. for example, a 10% change in management's estimate of incurred net loan losses could have resulted in a change of approximately $175 million in the allowance for loan losses at december 31, 2014, with a corresponding change in the provision for loan losses. see "- loan quality" and note 2: summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements for further details about our allowance for loan losses.
goodwill we recognize goodwill when the purchase price of an acquired business exceeds the total of the fair values of the acquired net assets. as required by gaap, we test goodwill for impairment annually, or more often if indicators of impairment exist. in evaluating goodwill for impairment, management must estimate the fair value of the reporting unit(s) to which the goodwill relates. because market data concerning acquisitions of comparable businesses typically are not readily obtainable, other valuation techniques such as earnings multiples and cash flow models are used in estimating the fair values of these reporting units. in applying these techniques, management considers historical results, business forecasts, market and industry conditions and other factors. we may also consult independent valuation
-59-
experts where needed in applying these valuation techniques. the valuation methodologies we use involve assumptions about business performance, revenue and expense growth, capital expenditures, discount rates and other assumptions that are judgmental in nature.
during the fourth quarter of 2013, we changed the date of its annual goodwill impairment test from june 1 to october 1. this goodwill impairment test date change was applied prospectively beginning on october 1, 2013 and had no effect on the consolidated financial statements.
at december 31, 2014, we had goodwill of $257 million. if economic conditions deteriorate or other events adversely impact the assumptions used by management in these valuations, we may be exposed to an impairment loss that, when recognized, could have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. at december 31, 2014, based on the annual impairment testing performed, there was the recognition of an impairment charge of $27 million related to the discover home loans business. no other impairment was identified. see note 7: goodwill and intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements for further details about goodwill and the related impairment charge.
other non-amortizable intangible assets we recognized certain other non-amortizable intangible assets in our acquisition of the diners club business. as required by gaap, we test other non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment annually, or more often if indicators of impairment exist. because market data concerning acquisitions of intangible assets is not readily available, management evaluates non-amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment by estimating their fair values using discounted cash flow models. in applying these techniques, management considers historical results, business forecasts, market and industry conditions and other factors. we may also consult independent valuation experts where needed in applying these valuation techniques. the valuation methodologies we use involve assumptions about business performance, revenue and expense growth, discount rates and other assumptions that are judgmental in nature.
during the fourth quarter of 2013, we changed the date of its annual impairment test for non-amortizable intangible assets from june 1 to october 1. no impairment charges were identified during the impairment tests conducted at june 1, 2013 and october 1, 2013.
at december 31, 2014, we had non-amortizable intangibles of $176 million. if economic conditions deteriorate or other events adversely impact the assumptions used by management in these valuations, we may be exposed to an impairment loss that, when recognized, could have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. at december 31, 2014, based on the annual impairment testing performed, there was no impairment recorded on any non-amortizable intangible asset.
income taxes we are subject to the income tax laws of the jurisdictions where we have business operations, primarily the united states, its states and municipalities. we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various taxing jurisdictions. disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or audit. we regularly evaluate the likelihood of assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions resulting from current and subsequent years' examinations, and tax reserves are established as appropriate.
changes in the estimate of income taxes can occur due to tax rate changes, interpretations of tax laws, the status and resolution of examinations by the taxing authorities, and newly enacted laws and regulations that impact the relative merits of tax positions taken. when such changes occur, the effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations can be significant. see note 15: income taxes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about income taxes.
purchased credit-impaired loans the estimate of expected future cash flows on purchased credit-impaired loans determines the amount of interest income we can recognize in future periods and impacts whether a loan loss reserve must be established for these loans. we reevaluate, by pool, the amount and timing of expected cash flows quarterly using updated loan portfolio characteristics as well as assumptions regarding expected borrower default and prepayment behavior. because estimates of expected future cash flows on pci loans involve assumptions and significant judgment, it is reasonably
-60-
possible that others could derive different estimates than ours for the same periods. in addition, changes in estimates from one period to the next can have a significant impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. a decrease in expected cash flows involving an increase in estimated credit losses would result in an immediate charge to earnings for the recognition of a loan loss provision. increases or decreases in expected cash flows related solely to changes in estimated prepayments or to changes in variable interest rate indices would result in prospective yield adjustments over the remaining life of the loans. an increase in expected cash flows due to a reduction in expected credit losses would result first in the reversal of any previously established loan loss reserve on pci loans through an immediate credit to earnings and then, if needed, a prospective adjustment to yield over the remaining life of the loans.
if management used a different estimate of expected borrower defaults, our consolidated statement of financial condition and results of operations could have differed. for example, a 10% increase in the expected borrower default rate of each pci loan pool as of december 31, 2014 could have resulted in an additional impairment of up to $11 million. this impairment would have been reflected as an increase in provision for loan losses and a decrease in the carrying value of the pci loans. the accounting and estimates used in our calculations are discussed further in note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements.
earnings summary the following table outlines changes in our consolidated statements of income for the periods presented (dollars in millions):

for the calendar years ended december 31,               for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012              for the one month ended december 31, 2012                    calendar year 2014 vs. calendar year 2013                      calendar year 2013 vs. fiscal year 2012
increase (decrease)                                          increase (decrease)
2014                                                                                                   2013                                                                                                $                      %                                            $               %
interest income                                              $7,596                          $7,064                                           $6,703                                                    $595                                     $532                          8        %                     $361                          5        %
interest expense                                              1,134                           1,146                                            1,331                                                     103                                      (12        )                (1       )%                     (185        )               (14       )%
net interest income                                           6,462                           5,918                                            5,372                                                     492                                      544                          9        %                      546                         10        %
provision for loan losses                                     1,443                           1,086                                              848                                                     178                                      357                         33        %                      238                         28        %
net interest income after provision for loan losses           5,019                           4,832                                            4,524                                                     314                                      187                          4        %                      308                          7        %
other income                                                  2,015                           2,306                                            2,281                                                     200                                     (291        )               (13       )%                       25                          1        %
other expense                                                 3,340                           3,194                                            3,052                                                     240                                      146                          5        %                      142                          5        %
income before income tax expense                              3,694                           3,944                                            3,753                                                     274                                     (250        )                (6       )%                      191                          5        %
income tax expense                                            1,371                           1,474                                            1,408                                                     104                                     (103        )                (7       )%                       66                          5        %
net income                                                   $2,323                          $2,470                                           $2,345                                                    $170                                    $(147        )                (6       )%                     $125                          5        %
net interest income the tables that follow this section have been provided to supplement the discussion below and provide further analysis of net interest income, net interest margin and the impact of rate and volume changes on net interest income. net interest income represents the difference between interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred to finance those assets. we analyze net interest income in total by calculating net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables) and net yield on interest-bearing assets (net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets). we also separately consider the impact of the level of loan receivables and the related interest yield and the impact of the cost of funds related to each of our funding sources, along with the income generated by our liquidity portfolio, on net interest income.
our interest-earning assets consist of: (i) cash and cash equivalents, primarily related to amounts on deposit with the federal reserve, (ii) restricted cash, (iii) other short-term investments, (iv) investment securities and (v) loan receivables. our interest-bearing liabilities consist primarily of deposits, both direct-to-consumer and brokered, and long-term borrowings, including amounts owed to securitization investors. net interest income is influenced by the following:
-61-
   the level and composition of loan receivables, including the proportion of credit card loans to other loans, as well as the proportion of loan receivables bearing interest at promotional rates as compared to standard rates;
   the credit performance of our loans, particularly with regard to charge-offs of finance charges, which reduce interest income;
   the terms of long-term borrowings and certificates of deposit upon initial offering, including maturity and interest rate;
   the level and composition of other interest-bearing assets and liabilities, including our liquidity portfolio;
   changes in the interest rate environment, including the levels of interest rates and the relationships among interest rate indices, such as the prime rate, the federal funds rate and the london interbank offered rate ("libor");
   the effectiveness of interest rate swaps in our interest rate risk management program; and
   the difference between the carrying amount and future cash flows expected to be collected on pci loans.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
net interest margin increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily driven by an increase in the yield on total loan receivables combined with lower interest rates on funding. the increase in loan receivable yields was driven by higher interest rates and growth in non-promotional revolving balances, partially offset by a decline in higher rate balances along with growth in credit card promotional balances.
interest income increased during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to higher average balances of credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans resulting from growth across these products. the increase was also attributable to higher yields on credit card loans and pci student loans, partially offset by a decrease in yield on personal loans along with a decrease in pci student loan balances.
interest expense was relatively flat during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, as lower interest expense on deposits attributable to lower yields was offset by higher interest expense resulting from increase in borrowings.
for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012
net interest margin increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily driven by decreased funding costs and growth in loan receivables, partially offset by lower yields on loan receivables. the decrease in loan receivable yields was driven by growth in credit card promotional balances and a decline in higher rate balances, partially offset by growth in customers with revolving balances.
interest income increased during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to higher interest income from credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans resulting from growth across these products combined with lower credit card loan interest charge-offs. the increase in interest income from these products was partially offset by a decrease in yield on credit card loan receivables along with a decrease in pci student loan balances.
interest expense declined during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to the combination of deposits bearing higher interest rates maturing and being replaced by deposits bearing lower interest rates and maturities of borrowings and certain asset-backed securities.
-62-
average balance sheet analysis(dollars in millions)

calendar years ended december 31,                                   fiscal year ended november 30, 2012                                     one month ended december 31, 2012
2014                                                                                                                                                              2013
average balance           rate             interest             average balance           rate             interest             average balance              rate                interest             average balance              rate                interest assets interest-earning assets:
cash and cash equivalents                           $7,228              0.25    %             $18                   $5,557              0.25    %             $14                   $5,074                0.27     %               $14                    $2,704                0.25     %                $-
restricted cash                                        763              0.08    %               1                      704              0.10    %               1                      924                0.15     %                 2                     1,400                0.11     %                 -
investment securities                                4,000              1.67    %              67                    5,190              1.42    %              74                    6,437                1.24     %                80                     6,247                1.34     %                 7
loan receivables(1):
credit card(2)(3)                                   52,600             12.09    %           6,359                   49,816             12.00    %           5,978                   47,301               12.16     %             5,751                    50,494               11.92     %               510
personal loans                                       4,592             12.36    %             568                    3,706             12.52    %             464                    2,944               12.35     %               363                     3,290               12.43     %                35
federal student loans(4)                                 -                nm                    -                        -                nm                    -                      121                1.64     %                 2                         -                  nm                       -
private student loans                                4,450              7.02    %             312                    3,561              7.07    %             252                    2,557                7.20     %               184                     3,021                7.22     %                18
pci student loans                                    3,916              6.64    %             260                    4,434              6.13    %             272                    4,998                6.06     %               303                     4,724                5.96     %                24
mortgage loans held for sale                           118              3.92    %               5                      216              3.47    %               7                       96                1.10     %                 1                       310                3.05     %                 1
other                                                  177              3.49    %               6                       87              3.00    %               2                       26               11.98     %                 3                        38                5.24     %                 -
total loan receivables                              65,853             11.40    %           7,510                   61,820             11.28    %           6,975                   58,043               11.38     %             6,607                    61,877               11.21     %               588
total interest-earning assets                       77,844              9.76    %           7,596                   73,271              9.64    %           7,064                   70,478                9.51     %             6,703                    72,228                9.73     %               595
allowance for loan losses                           (1,645       )                                                  (1,639       )                                                  (1,948       )                                                        (1,725       )
other assets                                         4,279                                                           4,348                                                           4,032                                                                 4,234
total assets                                       $80,478                                                         $75,980                                                         $72,562                                                               $74,737
liabilities and stockholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities:
interest-bearing deposits:
time deposits(5)                                   $26,627              1.66    %             443                  $27,718              2.02    %             559                  $27,033                2.61     %               706                   $27,849                2.29     %                54
money market deposits(6)                             7,624              0.91    %              70                    5,719              0.87    %              50                    5,413                0.92     %                50                     5,368                0.88     %                 4
other interest-bearing savings deposits             10,617              0.96    %             101                    9,428              0.95    %              89                    8,638                1.03     %                89                     8,864                1.00     %                 7
total interest-bearing deposits(7)                  44,868              1.37    %             614                   42,865              1.63    %             698                   41,084                2.06     %               845                    42,081                1.84     %                65
borrowings:
short-term borrowings                                  111              1.59    %               2                      199              1.57    %               3                       89                1.32     %                 1                       283                1.36     %                 -
securitized borrowings(5)(6)                        16,686              1.78    %             297                   16,297              1.74    %             284                   16,979                1.95     %               331                    16,998                1.80     %                26
other long-term borrowings(5)                        4,192              5.28    %             221                    2,609              6.18    %             161                    2,017                7.62     %               154                     1,733                7.82     %                12
total borrowings                                    20,989              2.48    %             520                   19,105              2.35    %             448                   19,085                2.55     %               486                    19,014                2.34     %                38
total interest-bearing liabilities                  65,857              1.72    %           1,134                   61,970              1.85    %           1,146                   60,169                2.21     %             1,331                    61,095                1.99     %               103
other liabilities and stockholders' equity          14,621                                                          14,010                                                          12,393                                                                13,642
total liabilities and stockholders' equity         $80,478                                                         $75,980                                                         $72,562                                                               $74,737
net interest income                                                                        $6,462                                                          $5,918                                                               $5,372                                                                  $492
net interest margin(8)                                                  9.81    %                                                       9.57    %                                                         9.25     %                                                            9.39     %
net yield on interest-bearing assets(9)                                 8.30    %                                                       8.08    %                                                         7.62     %                                                            8.05     %
interest rate spread(10)                                                8.04    %                                                       7.79    %                                                         7.30     %                                                            7.74     %
(1)   average balances of loan receivables include non-accruing loans, which are included in the yield calculations. if the non-accruing loan balances were excluded, there would not be a material impact on the amounts reported above.
(2)   interest income on credit card loans includes $192 million, $171 million, $179 million and $14 million of amortization of balance transfer fees for the calendar years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 and one month ended december 31, 2012, respectively.
(3)   the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 and one month ended december 31, 2012 include the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of certain floating-rate credit card loan receivables to fixed-rate.
(4)   includes federal student loans held for sale.
(5)   includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of fixed-rate funding to floating-rate funding.
(6)   includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of floating-rate funding to fixed-rate funding.
(7)   includes the impact of fdic insurance premiums.
(8)   net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables.
(9)   net yield on interest-bearing assets represents net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets.
(10)   interest rate spread represents the difference between the rate on total interest-earning assets and the rate on total interest-bearing liabilities.
-63-
rate/volume variance analysis(1) (dollars in millions)

calendar year ended december 31, 2014 vs. calendar year ended december 31, 2013                                      calendar year ended december 31, 2013 vs. fiscal year ended november 30, 2012
volume                                    rate                                   total                             volume                                    rate                                   total increase/(decrease) in net interest income due to changes in:
interest-earning assets:
cash and cash equivalents                                $4                                      $-                                      $4                                 $1                                     $(1         )                            $-
restricted cash                                           -                                       -                                       -                                  -                                      (1         )                            (1         )
investment securities                                   (19         )                            12                                      (7         )                      (17         )                            11                                      (6         )
loan receivables:
credit card                                             336                                      45                                     381                                302                                     (75         )                           227
personal loans                                          110                                      (6         )                           104                                 96                                       5                                     101
federal student loans                                     -                                       -                                       -                                 (2         )                             -                                      (2         )
private student loans                                    62                                      (2         )                            60                                 71                                      (3         )                            68
pci student loans                                       (33         )                            21                                     (12         )                      (34         )                             3                                     (31         )
mortgage loans held for sale                             (3         )                             1                                      (2         )                        2                                       4                                       6
other                                                     3                                       1                                       4                                  3                                      (4         )                            (1         )
total loan receivables                                  475                                      60                                     535                                438                                     (70         )                           368
total interest income                                   460                                      72                                     532                                422                                     (61         )                           361
interest-bearing liabilities:
interest-bearing deposits:
time deposits                                           (21         )                           (95         )                          (116         )                       18                                    (165         )                          (147         )
money market deposits                                    17                                       3                                      20                                  3                                      (3         )                             -
other interest-bearing savings deposits                  11                                       1                                      12                                  8                                      (8         )                             -
total interest-bearing deposits                           7                                     (91         )                           (84         )                       29                                    (176         )                          (147         )
borrowings:
short-term borrowings                                    (1         )                             -                                      (1         )                        2                                       -                                       2
securitized borrowings                                    7                                       6                                      13                                (13         )                           (34         )                           (47         )
other long-term borrowings                               86                                     (26         )                            60                                 40                                     (33         )                             7
total borrowings                                         92                                     (20         )                            72                                 29                                     (67         )                           (38         )
total interest expense                                   99                                    (111         )                           (12         )                       58                                    (243         )                          (185         )
net interest income                                    $361                                    $183                                    $544                               $364                                    $182                                    $546
(1)   the rate/volume variance for each category has been allocated on a consistent basis between rate and volume variances between the calendar years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, and fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 based on the percentage of the rate or volume variance to the sum of the two absolute variances.
-64-
loan quality loan receivables consist of the following (dollars in millions):

december 31,                                                      november 30,
2014                                                           2013                  2012                  2012                  2011                  2010
student loans held for sale           $-                    $-                    $-                    $-                  $714                  $788
loan portfolio:
credit card loans                 56,128                53,150                51,135                49,642                46,972                45,502
other loans:
personal loans                     5,007                 4,191                 3,296                 3,272                 2,648                 1,878
private student loans              4,850                 3,969                 3,072                 3,000                 2,069                   999
mortgage loans held for sale         122                   148                   355                   322                     -                     -
other                                202                   135                    38                    37                    17                    14
total other loans                 10,181                 8,443                 6,761                 6,631                 4,734                 2,891
pci loans(1)                       3,660                 4,178                 4,702                 4,744                 5,250                     -
total loan portfolio              69,969                65,771                62,598                61,017                56,956                48,393
total loan receivables            69,969                65,771                62,598                61,017                57,670                49,181
allowance for loan losses         (1,746    )           (1,648    )           (1,788    )           (1,725    )           (2,205    )           (3,304    )
net loan receivables             $68,223               $64,123               $60,810               $59,292               $55,465               $45,877
(1)   represents purchased credit-impaired private student loans (see note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements).
provision and allowance for loan losses provision for loan losses is the expense related to maintaining the allowance for loan losses at an appropriate level to absorb the estimated probable losses in the loan portfolio at each period end date. factors that influence the provision for loan losses include:
   the impact of general economic conditions on the consumer, including unemployment levels, bankruptcy trends and interest rate movements;
   changes in consumer spending and payment behaviors;
   changes in our loan portfolio, including the overall mix of accounts, products and loan balances within the portfolio and maturation of the loan portfolio;
   the level and direction of historical and anticipated loan delinquencies and charge-offs;
   the credit quality of the loan portfolio, which reflects, among other factors, our credit granting practices and effectiveness of collection efforts; and
   regulatory changes or new regulatory guidance.
in calculating the allowance for loan losses, we estimate probable losses separately for segments of the loan portfolio that have similar risk characteristics. we use a migration analysis to estimate the likelihood that a loan will progress through the various stages of delinquency. we use other analyses to estimate losses incurred from non-delinquent accounts which adds to the identification of loss emergence. we use these analyses together as a basis for determining our allowance for loan losses.
the allowance for loan losses was $1.7 billion at december 31, 2014, which reflects a $98 million reserve build over the amount of the allowance for loan losses at december 31, 2013. the reserve build, which primarily related to credit card loan receivables, was due mainly to seasoning of the loan growth and lower recoveries. "seasoning" refers to the maturing of a loan portfolio as, in general, growing loan balances do not begin to show signs of credit deterioration or default until they have been in repayment for some period of time. at december 31, 2013, the allowance for loan losses was $1.6 billion, which reflected a $140 million reserve release over the amount of the allowance for loan losses at december 31, 2012. the reserve release, which primarily related to credit card loan receivables, was driven by continuing favorability in delinquencies resulting in lower charge-offs, both contractual and bankruptcy, which resulted in lower estimated losses.
-65-
the provision for loan losses is the amount of expense realized after considering the level of net charge-offs in the period and the required amount of allowance for loan losses at the balance sheet date. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the provision for loan losses increased by $357 million, or 33%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to increasing levels of net charge-offs combined with the reserve build discussed above. for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, the provision for loan losses increased by $238 million, or 28%, as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. the increase was due to lower levels of reserve releases during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, partially offset by a decrease in net charge-offs. for the one month ended december 31, 2012, the provision for loan losses was $178 million, which included a reserve build of $63 million. this reserve build was due to an increase in the forecast for net charge-offs due to loan growth. for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, a reduction in reserve requirements led to a decrease in the provisions for loan losses of $165 million or 16%.
at december 31, 2014, the level of the allowance related to personal loans and student loans increased as compared to december 31, 2013 due to loan growth and continued seasoning of the portfolios. for student loans, payments are not required while the borrower is still in school; therefore, this loan portfolio matures at a slower pace than our other loan portfolios. the level of allowance related to other loans was unchanged for the period.
at december 31, 2013, the level of the allowance related to personal loans increased as compared to december 31, 2012 due to loan growth and continued seasoning of the portfolio. the level of allowance attributable to student loans for the same period increased, primarily due to a pci student loan impairment recorded as a result of revisions to credit loss assumptions for the underlying loans. in addition, the allowance related to student loans increased due to growth and continued seasoning of the portfolio. the level of allowance related to other loans at december 31, 2013 as compared to december 31, 2012 increased by $16 million driven primarily by provision charges on a small number of loans to diners club licensees.
-66-
the following tables provide changes in our allowance for loan losses for the periods presented (dollars in millions):

for the calendar year ended december 31, 2014
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period          $1,406                            $112                            $113                   $17                                    $1,648
additions:
provision for loan losses                1,259                             102                              79                               3                           1,443
deductions:
charge-offs                             (1,636       )                    (105       )                     (62       )           (3              )                      (1,806       )
recoveries                                 445                              11                               5                   -                       461
net charge-offs                         (1,191       )                     (94       )                     (57       )           (3              )                      (1,345       )
balance at end of period                $1,474                            $120                            $135                   $17                                    $1,746
for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period          $1,613                             $99                             $75                   $1                                     $1,788
additions:
provision for loan losses                  893                              92                              84                              17                           1,086
deductions:
charge-offs                             (1,604       )                     (86       )                     (48       )           (1              )                      (1,739       )
recoveries                                 504                               7                               2                   -                       513
net charge-offs                         (1,100       )                     (79       )                     (46       )           (1              )                      (1,226       )
balance at end of period                $1,406                            $112                            $113                   $17                                    $1,648
for the one month ended december 31, 2012
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period          $1,554                             $97                             $73                   $1                                     $1,725
additions:
provision for loan losses                  165                               9                               4                   -                       178
deductions:
charge-offs                               (146       )                      (8       )                      (2       )           -                                        (156       )
recoveries                                  40                               1                               -                   -                       41
net charge-offs                           (106       )                      (7       )                      (2       )           -                                        (115       )
balance at end of period                $1,613                             $99                             $75                   $1                                     $1,788
-67-
the following tables provide changes in our allowance for loan losses for the periods presented (dollars in millions):

for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period                        $2,070                             $82                             $53                   $-                                     $2,205
additions:
provision for loan losses                                724                              84                              39                               1           848
deductions:
charge-offs                                           (1,817       )                     (73       )                     (19       )           -                                      (1,909       )
recoveries                                               577                               4                               -                   -                       581
net charge-offs                                       (1,240       )                     (69       )                     (19       )           -                                      (1,328       )
balance at end of period                              $1,554                             $97                             $73                   $1                                     $1,725
for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2011
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period                        $3,209                             $76                             $18                   $1                                     $3,304
additions:
provision for loan losses                                897                              73                              42                               1                           1,013
deductions:
charge-offs                                           (2,615       )                     (69       )                      (7       )           (2              )                      (2,693       )
recoveries                                               579                               2                               -                   -                       581
net charge-offs                                       (2,036       )                     (67       )                      (7       )           (2              )                      (2,112       )
balance at end of period                              $2,070                             $82                             $53                   $-                                     $2,205
for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2010
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period                        $1,648                             $95                             $14                   $1                                     $1,758
additions:
addition to allowance related to securitized           2,144                               -                               -                   -                                       2,144
receivables(1)
provision for loan losses                              3,126                              72                               8                               1                           3,207
deductions:
charge-offs related to loans sold                        (25       )                       -                               -                   -                                         (25       )
charge-offs                                           (4,154       )                     (92       )                      (4       )           (1              )                      (4,251       )
recoveries                                               470                               1                               -                   -                       471
net charge-offs                                       (3,684       )                     (91       )                      (4       )           (1              )                      (3,780       )
balance at end of period                              $3,209                             $76                             $18                   $1                                     $3,304
(1)   on december 1, 2009, upon adoption of the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") statements no. 166 and 167, we recorded $2.1 billion allowance for loan losses related to newly consolidated and reclassified credit card loan receivables.
-68-
net charge-offs our net charge-offs include the principal amount of losses charged off less principal recoveries and exclude charged-off and recovered interest and fees and fraud losses. charged-off and recovered interest and fees are recorded in interest income and loan fee income, respectively, which is effectively a reclassification of the provision for loan losses, while fraud losses are recorded in other expense. credit card loan receivables are charged off at the end of the month during which an account becomes 180 days contractually past due. personal loans and private student loans, which are closed-end consumer loan receivables, are generally charged off at the end of the month during which an account becomes 120 days contractually past due. generally, customer bankruptcies and probate accounts are charged off at the end of the month 60 days following the receipt of notification of the bankruptcy or death but not later than the 180-day or 120-day contractual time frame.
the following table presents amounts and rates of net charge-offs of key loan products (dollars in millions):

for the calendar years ended december 31,                                                                        for the fiscal years ended november 30,        for the one month ended december 31, 2012
2014                                                                           2013                                      2012                                 2011                                 2010
$           %                             $           %                          $         %                          $         %                          $         %        $                                   %
credit card loans                             $1,191              2.27     %            $1,100              2.21     %           $1,240           2.62    %           $2,036           4.47    %           $3,684           8.02    %        $106                       2.47              %
personal loans                                   $94              2.04     %               $79              2.13     %              $69           2.33    %              $67           3.02    %              $91           5.72    %        $7                         2.52              %
private student loans (excluding pci(1))         $57              1.29     %               $46              1.30     %              $19           0.73    %               $7           0.48    %               $4           0.33    %        $2                         0.81              %
(1)   charge-offs for pci loans did not result in a charge to earnings during any of the years presented and are therefore excluded from the calculation. see note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding the accounting for charge-offs on pci loans.
while the net charge-off rate on our credit card loan receivables went to 2.27% from 2.21% for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, we remain in a period of historical lows. the net charge-off rate on our personal loan receivables declined by 9 basis points for the same period due to growth in the personal loan portfolio as, in general, loans do not begin to show signs of credit deterioration or default for some period of time after origination. the net charge-off rate on our private student loans excluding pci loans was relatively flat for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to year ended december 31, 2013.
the net charge-off rate on our credit card loan receivables decreased 41 basis points for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. the decrease in the net charge-off rate for credit card loan receivables was driven by lower net charge-offs due to the continuing trend of low delinquencies combined with higher receivables balances. the net charge-off rate on our personal loan receivables declined by 20 basis points for the same period due to growth in the personal loan portfolio. the net charge-off rate on our private student loans excluding pci loans increased 57 basis points due to a larger portion of the portfolio entering repayment.
-69-
delinquencies delinquencies are an indicator of credit quality at a point in time. a loan balance is considered delinquent when contractual payments on the loan become 30 days past due.
the following table presents the amounts and delinquency rates of key loan products that are 30 and 90 days or more delinquent, loan receivables that are not accruing interest, regardless of delinquency and restructured loans (dollars in millions):

calendar years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                         fiscal years ended november 30,                       one month ended december 31, 2012
2014                                                                                         2013                                                    2012                                                    2011                                                    2010
$               %                                       $               %                                       $               %                                       $               %                                       $               %                                       $               %
loans 30 days delinquent or more:
credit card loans                                     $971                    1.73       %                    $912                    1.72       %                    $925                    1.86       %                  $1,117                    2.38       %                  $1,831                    4.02       %                    $917                    1.79       %
personal loans                                         $40                    0.79       %                     $29                    0.70       %                     $25                    0.76       %                     $22                    0.87       %                     $29                    1.57       %                     $26                    0.77       %
private student loans (excluding pci(1))               $87                    1.80       %                     $66                    1.66       %                     $32                    1.07       %                     $13                    0.63       %                      $5                    0.50       %                     $37                    1.22       %
loans 90 days delinquent or more:
credit card loans                                     $480                    0.85       %                    $447                    0.84       %                    $451                    0.91       %                    $560                    1.19       %                    $958                    2.11       %                    $460                    0.90       %
personal loans                                         $11                    0.22       %                      $8                    0.21       %                      $8                    0.23       %                      $7                    0.28       %                     $11                    0.57       %                      $8                    0.23       %
private student loans (excluding pci(1))               $25                    0.52       %                     $18                    0.46       %                      $8                    0.27       %                      $3                    0.14       %                      $1                    0.14       %                      $9                    0.29       %
loans not accruing interest                           $183                    0.28       %                    $200                    0.33       %                    $198                    0.35       %                    $207                    0.40       %                    $326                    0.67       %                    $192                    0.33       %
restructured loans:
credit card loans(2)                                $1,037                    1.85       %                  $1,123                    2.11       %                  $1,332                    2.68       %                  $1,217                    2.59       %                    $305                    0.67       %                  $1,309                    2.56       %
personal loans(3)                                      $55                    1.10       %                     $31                    0.74       %                     $21                    0.64       %                      $8                    0.29       %                      $-                       -       %                     $21                    0.65       %
private student loans(excluding pci(1))(4)             $38                    0.78       %                     $28                    0.71       %                     $15                    0.50       %                      $5                    0.26       %                      $-                       -       %                     $16                    0.53       %
(1)   excludes pci loans which are accounted for on a pooled basis. since a pool is accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and aggregate expectation of cash flows, the past-due status of a pool, or that of the individual loans within a pool, is not meaningful. because we are recognizing interest income on a pool of loans, it is all considered to be performing.
(2)   restructured loans include $44 million, $43 million, $54 million, $56 million, $38 million and $35 million at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and november 30, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, that are also included in loans over 90 days delinquent or more.
(3)   restructured loans include $3 million, $2 million, $2 million and $1 million at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and november 30, 2012 respectively, that are also included in loans over 90 days delinquent or more.
(4)   restructured loans include $5 million, $3 million, $2 million and $2 million at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and november 30, 2012 respectively, that are also included in loans over 90 days delinquent or more.
credit card receivables 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates at december 31, 2014 were relatively flat as compared to december 31, 2013. the 30-day delinquency rate for personal loans increased slightly for the same period due to seasoning of the loan portfolio, while the 90-day delinquency rate remained relatively flat. the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for private student loan balances at december 31, 2014 increased compared to the prior year as a result of continued seasoning of the student loan portfolio.
both credit card and personal loan receivables 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates at december 31, 2013 decreased slightly as compared to december 31, 2012 due to continuing favorable economic factors. the delinquency rates for private student loan balances at december 31, 2013 increased as compared to december 31, 2012 due to the seasoning of our loan portfolio as more loans have entered repayment.
the restructured credit card loan balance decreased at both december 31, 2014 as compared to december 31, 2013 and at december 31, 2013 as compared december 31, 2012 due to continued improvement in customer credit performance. the restructured personal and private student loan balances increased at both december 31, 2014 as
-70-
compared to december 31, 2013 and at december 31, 2013 as compared to december 31, 2012 as a result of continued growth in and seasoning of these loan portfolios.
maturities and sensitivities of loan receivables to changes in interest rates our loan portfolio had the following maturity distribution(1) (dollars in millions):

due oneyear orless                due afterone yearthroughfive years                due afterfive years                           total at december 31, 2014
credit card loans                               $16,253                                      $29,715                                 $10,160                          $56,128
personal loans                                    1,352                                        3,505                                     150                            5,007
private student loans (excluding pci)               110                                          949                                   3,791                            4,850
pci loans                                           310                                        1,234                                   2,116                            3,660
mortgage loans held for sale                        122                                            -                                       -                              122
other loans                                          27                                           56                                     119                              202
total loan portfolio                            $18,174                                      $35,459                                 $16,336                          $69,969
(1)   because of the uncertainty regarding loan repayment patterns, the above amounts have been calculated using contractually required minimum payments. historically, actual loan repayments have been higher than such minimum payments and, therefore, the above amounts may not necessarily be indicative of our actual loan repayments.
at december 31, 2014, approximately $35.0 billion of our loan portfolio due after one year had interest rates tied to an index and approximately $16.8 billion were fixed-rate loans.
modified and restructured loans we have loan modification programs that provide for temporary or permanent hardship relief for our credit card loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. the temporary hardship program primarily consists of a reduced minimum payment and an interest rate reduction, both lasting for a period no longer than 12 months. the permanent modification program involves changing the structure of the loan to a fixed payment loan with a maturity no longer than 60 months and reducing the interest rate on the loan. the permanent modification program does not normally provide for the forgiveness of unpaid principal, but may allow for the reversal of certain unpaid interest or fee assessments. we also make loan modifications for customers who request financial assistance through external sources, such as a consumer credit counseling agency program. these loans continue to be subject to the original minimum payment terms and do not normally include waiver of unpaid principal, interest or fees. for additional information regarding the accounting treatment for these loans as well as amounts recorded in the financial statements related to these loans, see note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements.
for student loan borrowers, in certain situations we offer hardship payment forbearance to borrowers who are experiencing temporary financial difficulties and are willing to resume making payments. when a borrower is 30 or more days delinquent and granted a second hardship forbearance period, we classify these loans as troubled debt restructurings. in addition, we offer temporary reduced payment programs, which normally consist of a reduction of the minimum payment for a period of no longer than 12 months at a time. when a student loan borrower is enrolled in a temporary reduced payment program for 12 months or fewer over the life of the loan, the modification is not considered a troubled debt restructuring. no loans have been in a temporary modification program for greater than 12 months.
for personal loan customers, in certain situations we offer various payment programs, including temporary and permanent programs. the temporary programs normally consist of a reduction of the minimum payment for a period of no longer than 12 months with the option of a final balloon payment required at the end of the loan term or an extension of the maturity date with the total term not exceeding nine years. further, in certain circumstances, the interest rate on the loan is reduced. the permanent programs involve changing the terms of the loan in order to pay off the outstanding balance over a longer term and also in certain circumstances reducing the interest rate on the loan. similar to the temporary programs, the total term may not exceed nine years. we also allow loan modifications for customers who request financial assistance through external sources, similar to our credit card customers discussed above. payments are modified based on the new terms agreed upon with the credit counseling agency. personal loans included
-71-
in temporary and permanent programs are accounted for as troubled debt restructurings. beginning in first quarter of 2014, loan modifications through external sources are accounted for as troubled debt restructurings.
borrower performance after using payment programs or forbearance is monitored and we believe the programs help to prevent defaults and are useful in assisting customers experiencing financial difficulties. we plan to continue to use payment programs and forbearance and, as a result, we expect to have additional loans classified as troubled debt restructurings in the future.
other income the following table presents the components of other income for the periods presented (dollars in millions):

for the calendar years ended december 31,              for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012             for the one month ended december 31, 2012                        2014 calendar year vs. 2013 calendar year(decrease) increase                    2013 calendar year vs. 2012 fiscal yearincrease (decrease)
2014                                                                                      2013                                                                                      $                               %                                                         $                         %
discount and interchange revenue(1)                       $979                          $1,126                                          $1,035                                                    $82                                           $(147            )                       (13           )%                           $91                                   9           %
protection products                                        314                             350                                             409                                                     33                                             (36            )                       (10           )%                           (59           )                     (14          )%
loan fee income                                            334                             320                                             325                                                     29                                              14                                      4            %                            (5           )                      (2          )%
transaction processing revenue                             182                             192                                             218                                                     18                                             (10            )                        (5           )%                           (26           )                     (12          )%
gain on investments                                          4                               5                                              26                                                      2                                              (1            )                       (20           )%                           (21           )                     (81          )%
gain on origination and sale of mortgage loans              81                             144                                             105                                                     17                                             (63            )                       (44           )%                            39                                  37           %
other income                                               121                             169                                             163                                                     19                                             (48            )                       (28           )%                             6                                   4           %
total other income                                      $2,015                          $2,306                                          $2,281                                                   $200                                           $(291            )                       (13           )%                           $25                                   1           %
(1)   net of rewards, including cashback bonus rewards, of $1.4 billion, $1.0 billion, $1.0 billion and $123 million for the calendar years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 and one month ended december 31, 2012, respectively. during the three months ended december 31, 2014, we made certain changes to its customer rewards program, eliminating forfeitures. these changes resulted in a one-time expense of $178 million due to the reversal of the estimate for customer rewards forfeiture, a contra-account to accrued expenses and other liabilities. actual forfeitures resulted in additional discount and interchange revenue and total other income of $36 million each for the calendar years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 and $35 million and $3 million for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 and one month ended december 31, 2012, respectively.
discount and interchange revenue discount and interchange revenue includes discount revenue and acquirer interchange net of interchange paid to network partners. we earn discount revenue from fees charged to merchants with whom we have entered into card acceptance agreements for processing credit card purchase transactions. we earn acquirer interchange revenue from merchant acquirers on all discover network card transactions and certain diners club transactions made by credit card customers at merchants with whom merchant acquirers have entered into card acceptance agreements for processing credit card purchase transactions. we incur an interchange cost to card issuing entities that have entered into contractual arrangements to issue cards on the discover network and on certain transactions on the diners club network. this cost is contractually established and is based on the card issuing organization's transaction volume and is reported as a reduction to discount and interchange revenue. we offer our customers various reward programs, including the cashback bonus reward program, pursuant to which we pay certain customers a percentage of their purchase amounts based on the type and volume of the customer's purchases. reward costs are recorded as a reduction to discount and interchange revenue.
discount and interchange revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, driven primarily by the rewards redemption policy change. this increase in rewards was partially offset by the increase in gross discount and interchange revenue, which was primarily attributable to higher sales volume. discount and interchange revenue increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, driven by higher sales volume.
-72-
protection products we earn revenue related to fees received for providing ancillary products and services, including payment protection and identity theft protection services, to customers. the amount of revenue recorded is generally based on either a percentage of a customer's outstanding balance or a flat fee and is recognized as earned.
protection product revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, as well as for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. the decrease in protection product revenue reflects lower sales volume as we have stopped selling these products.
loan fee income loan fee income consists primarily of fees on credit card loans and includes late, cash advance and other miscellaneous fees. loan fee income increased slightly as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to higher late fees and cash advance fees. loan fee income decreased slightly for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to lower volume of loan fees being generated, partially offset by fewer late fee charge-offs as a result of decrease in credit card delinquency rates.
transaction processing revenue transaction processing revenue represents switch fees charged to financial institutions and merchants for processing atm, debit and point-of-sale transactions over the pulse network, as well as various participation and membership fees. switch fees are charged on a per transaction basis. transaction processing revenue decreased both for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, and for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, reflecting the impact of merchant rerouting and lower rates.
gain on investments gain on investments includes net realized gains on the sale of investments, net of any write-downs of investment securities to fair value when the decline in fair value is considered other than temporary. gain on investments for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 was mainly comprised of gains on the sales of u.s. treasury and agency securities. gain on investment securities for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 was comprised almost entirely of a gain of $26 million related to the liquidation of a minority interest in an equity investment.
gain on origination and sale of mortgage loans gain on sale of mortgage loans consists of the net gain on the origination and sale of loans as well as the net gain on the related interest rate lock commitments and the net gain or loss on forward delivery contracts. revenue related to mortgage banking operations declined for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily driven by an increase in mortgage interest rates that resulted in lower mortgage refinance volume. decline in revenue related to mortgage banking operation was also due to reduced margins in the industry resulting from increased competitive pressure since the increase in mortgage rates. gain on sale of mortgage loans increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, due to a full year of activity for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to only a partial year of activity for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. the increase was partially offset by decrease in refinance mortgage loan volume due to increasing interest rates during 2013. the partial year of activity for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 resulted from the acquisition and integration of the assets of home loan center in june of 2012.
other income other income includes royalty revenues earned by diners club, merchant fees, revenue from the transition services agreement related to the acquisition of slc, revenue from merchants related to reward programs, revenues from network partners and other miscellaneous revenue items.
other income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to certain merchant network fees that were reclassified out of other income to discount and interchange revenue during 2014. other income was relatively flat for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012.
-73-
other expense the following table represents the components of other expense for the periods presented (dollars in millions):

for the calendar years ended december 31,              for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012             for the one month ended december 31, 2012                        2014 calendar year vs. 2013 calendar yearincrease (decrease)                    2013 calendar year vs. 2012 fiscal yearincrease (decrease)
2014                                                                                         2013                                                                                              $                     %                                                                $                  %
employee compensation and benefits                 $1,242                          $1,164                                          $1,048                                                    $87                                             $78                                      7            %                          $116                                  11           %
marketing and business development                    735                             717                                             603                                                     51                                              18                                      3            %                           114                                  19           %
information processing and communications             346                             333                                             289                                                     25                                              13                                      4            %                            44                                  15           %
professional fees                                     450                             410                                             432                                                     34                                              40                                     10            %                           (22           )                      (5          )%
premises and equipment                                 92                              82                                              76                                                      8                                              10                                     12            %                             6                                   8           %
other expense                                         475                             488                                             604                                                     35                                             (13            )                        (3           )%                          (116           )                     (19          )%
total other expense                                $3,340                          $3,194                                          $3,052                                                   $240                                            $146                                      5            %                          $142                                   5           %
total other expense increased $146 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily driven by higher employee compensation costs due to growth in overall headcount along with higher professional fees due to consultant expenses related to technology and digital investments. higher marketing and business development expenses also contributed to the increase in other expense mainly due to growth initiatives. the increase in total other expense was partially offset by a decrease in the other expense line item, which primarily resulted from non-recurring expenses incurred in 2013 related to our purchase of the diners club italy licensee and financial assistance to facilitate the purchase of the slovenian licensee by a european bank. the decrease in other expense line item was partially offset by the impairment of goodwill related to the discover home loans business along with fair value adjustment resulting from recording diners club italy as held-for-sale.
total other expense increased $142 million for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to higher employee compensation costs driven by growth in overall headcount along with a full year of operating activity of the home loan center assets. additionally, marketing and business development costs increased due to growth initiatives. higher information processing and communications related expenses also contributed to the increase in other expense mainly related to increased software maintenance, licenses and technology expenses due to growth initiatives. other expense decreased primarily due to legal expenses incurred in 2012 associated with the consent order that discover bank entered into with the fdic and cfpb, for which there was no equivalent impact in 2013.
income tax expense the following table reconciles our effective tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate:

for the calendar years ended december 31,                for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012                for the one month ended december 31, 2012
2014                                                                                                                                2013
u.s. federal statutory income tax rate                                                  35.0          %                  35.0          %                               35.0                       %                              35.0                      %
u.s. state, local and other income taxes, net of u.s. federal income tax benefits        2.8                              2.2                                           2.9                                                       3.2
other                                                                                   (0.7          )                   0.2                                          (0.4                       )                              (0.1                      )
effective income tax rate                                                               37.1          %                  37.4          %                               37.5                       %                              38.1                      %
income tax expense decreased $103 million, or 7.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, reflecting a decrease in pretax income. the effective tax rate decreased 0.3% for the year ended december 31, 2014 from 37.4% for the year ended december 31, 2013 due to favorable adjustments to unrecognized tax benefits and recognition of tax benefits attributable to prior year tax adjustments.
-74-
income tax expense increased $66 million, or 4.7%, for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, reflecting an increase in pretax income. the effective tax rate decreased 0.1% for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 from 37.5% for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 as a result of a decrease in state income tax rates offset by the impact of the diners club italy acquisition.
liquidity and capital resources funding and liquidity we seek to maintain diversified funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations. in addition, we seek to achieve an appropriate maturity profile and utilize a cost-effective mix of funding sources. our primary funding sources include deposits, sourced directly from consumers or through brokers, term asset-backed securitizations, private asset-backed securitizations and short- and long-term borrowings.
funding sources deposits we offer deposit products to customers through two channels: (i) through direct marketing, internet origination and affinity relationships ("direct-to-consumer deposits"); and (ii) indirectly through contractual arrangements with securities brokerage firms ("brokered deposits"). direct-to-consumer deposits include certificates of deposit, money market accounts, online savings and checking accounts and ira certificates of deposit, while brokered deposits include certificates of deposit and sweep accounts.
at december 31, 2014, we had $28.8 billion of direct-to-consumer deposits and $17.3 billion of brokered deposits. maturities of our certificates of deposit range from 1 month to 10 years, with a weighted-average maturity of 22 months.
the following table summarizes deposits by contractual maturity as of the end of the current period (dollars in millions):

total                three monthsor less                 over threemonthsthrough sixmonths                 over sixmonthsthroughtwelvemonths               over twelvemonths           indeterminate at december 31, 2014
certificates of deposit in amounts less than $100,000(1)                        $21,502                            $2,784                                       $2,478                                            $4,389                               $11,851                   $-
certificates of deposit in amounts of $100,000 to less than $250,000(1)           4,481                               719                                          498                                             1,265                                 1,999                   -
certificates of deposit in amounts of $250,000(1)or greater                       1,153                               184                                          103                                               335                                   531                   -
savings deposits, including money market deposit accounts(2)                     18,656                                 -                                            -                                                 -                                     -                   18,656
total interest-bearing deposits                                                 $45,792                            $3,687                                       $3,079                                            $5,989                               $14,381                   $18,656
(1)   $100,000 represents the basic insurance amount previously covered by the fdic. effective july 21, 2010, the basic insurance per depositor was permanently increased to $250,000.
(2)   represents deposits with no contractual maturity, except for structured sweep deposits associated with agreements entered into with third parties.
credit card securitization financing we use the securitization of credit card receivables as an additional source of funding. we access the asset-backed securitization market using the discover card master trust i ("dcmt") and the discover card execution note trust ("dcent"), through which we issue dcent discoverseries notes both publicly and through private transactions. we retain significant exposure to the performance of trust assets through holdings of the seller's interest and subordinated security classes of dcent.
the securitization structures include certain features designed to protect investors. the primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers early repayment of the securities. we refer to this as "economic early amortization,"
-75-
which is based on excess spread levels. excess spread is the amount by which income received by a trust during a collection period, including interest collections, fees and interchange, exceeds the fees and expenses of the trust during such collection period, including interest expense, servicing fees and charged-off receivables. in the event of an economic early amortization, which would occur if the excess spread fell below 0% on a three-month rolling average basis, we would be required to repay the affected outstanding securitized borrowings using available collections received by the trust (the period of ultimate repayment would be determined by the amount and timing of collections received). an early amortization event would negatively impact our liquidity, and require us to utilize our available non-securitization related contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. as of december 31, 2014, the discoverseries three-month rolling average excess spread was 13.95%.
another feature of our securitization structure is a reserve account funding requirement in which, in limited circumstances, excess cash flows generated by the transferred loan receivables are held at the trust. this funding requirement is triggered when dcent's three-month average excess spread rate decreases to below 4.50%, with increasing funding requirements as excess spread levels decline below preset levels to 0%. see note 5: credit card and student loan securitization activities to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the structures of dcmt and dcent and for tables providing information concerning investors' interests and related excess spread at december 31, 2014.
at december 31, 2014, we had $16.0 billion of outstanding public asset-backed securities and $5.8 billion of outstanding asset-backed securities that had been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries.
the following table summarizes expected contractual maturities of the investors' interests in credit card securitizations excluding those that have been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries (dollars in millions):

total                                               less thanone year                                   one yearthroughthree years                          four yearsthroughfive years                         after fiveyears at december 31, 2014
scheduled maturities of long-term borrowings-owed to credit card securitization investors   $15,950                                             $3,301                                              $7,749                                              $4,900                                              $-
the triple-a rating of dcent class a notes issued to date has been based, in part, on an fdic rule which created a safe harbor that provides that the fdic, as conservator or receiver, will not, using its power to disaffirm or repudiate contracts, seek to reclaim or recover assets transferred in connection with a securitization, or recharacterize them as assets of the insured depository institution, provided such transfer satisfies the conditions for sale accounting treatment under previous gaap. although the implementation of fasb accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 860, transfers and servicing), no longer qualified certain transfers of assets for sale accounting treatment, the fdic approved a final rule that preserved the safe-harbor treatment applicable to revolving trusts and master trusts, including dcmt, so long as those trusts would have satisfied the original fdic safe harbor if evaluated under gaap pertaining to transfers of financial assets in effect prior to december 1, 2009. other legislative and regulatory developments may, however, impact our ability and/or desire to issue asset-backed securities in the future. for information on recent developments, see "- regulatory environment and developments - capital, liquidity and funding - securitizations."
other long-term borrowings-student loans at december 31, 2014, we had $1.4 billion of remaining principal balance outstanding on securitized debt assumed as part of the acquisition of student loan corporation. principal and interest payments on the underlying student loans will reduce the balance of these secured borrowings over time.
-76-
corporate and bank debt the following table provides a summary of discover financial services (parent company) and discover bank outstanding debt as of december 31, 2014 (dollars in millions):

discover financial services senior notes                                                  discover bank senior notes               discover bank subordinated notes principal amount outstanding               maturity                         principal amount outstanding               maturity                    principal amount outstanding                    maturity
$400                           june 2017                                    $750                           february 2018               $200                                            november 2019
78                           july 2019                                     750                           august 2021     500                                                         april 2020
322                           april 2022                                  1,000                           august 2023                 $700
500                           november 2022                                 400                           march 2026
500                           november 2024                              $2,900
$1,800
certain discover financial services senior notes require us to offer to repurchase the notes at a price equal to 101% of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest in the event of a change of control involving us and a corresponding ratings downgrade to below investment grade. for more information on outstanding notes, including weighted-average interest rates, see note 9: long-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements.
short-term borrowings we utilize a warehouse line of credit available up to $205 million as a form of short-term borrowings. this line of credit is used for the sole purpose of funding consumer residential mortgage loans. the warehouse line of credit had an outstanding balance of $113 million as of december 31, 2014. in addition, we may access short-term borrowings through the federal funds market or through repurchase agreements. at december 31, 2014, there were no outstanding balances under the federal funds market or repurchase agreements.
additional funding sources private asset-backed securitizations we have access to committed undrawn capacity through privately placed asset-backed securitizations. at december 31, 2014, we had total committed capacity of $7.5 billion, none of which was drawn.
federal reserve discover bank has access to the federal reserve bank of philadelphia's discount window. as of december 31, 2014, discover bank had $16 billion of available capacity through the discount window based on the amount and type of assets pledged. we have no borrowings outstanding under the discount window as of december 31, 2014.
funding uses our primary uses of funds include the extensions of loans and credit, primarily through discover bank, the purchase of investment securities for our liquidity portfolio, working capital and debt and capital service. we assess funding uses and liquidity needs under both the normal course of business and hypothetical adverse environments, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans, and contingency uses of funding, such as the need to post additional collateral for derivatives positions. in order to anticipate funding needs under adverse environments, we maintain liquidity stress scenarios that assess the impact of a range of unusual business events, such as severe economic recessions, financial market disruptions, adverse operational events and other forms of stress.
credit ratings our borrowing costs and capacity in certain funding markets, including securitizations and senior and subordinated debt, may be affected by the credit ratings of dfs, discover bank and the securitization trusts. downgrades in these credit ratings could result in higher interest expense on our unsecured debt and asset securitizations, as well as potentially higher fees related to borrowings under our lines of credit. in addition to increased
-77-
funding costs, deterioration in credit ratings could reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets.
we also have agreements with certain of our derivative counterparties that contain provisions that require dfs and discover bank to maintain an investment grade credit rating from specified major credit rating agencies. because the credit rating of dfs did not meet the specified thresholds, we had posted $4 million of collateral with our counterparties at december 31, 2014. discover bank's credit rating met specified thresholds set by its counterparties. however, if discover bank's credit rating were reduced by one ratings notch, discover bank would be required to post additional collateral, which, as of december 31, 2014, would have been $97 million.
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. the credit ratings are summarized in the following table:

moody's investors service                                                                             standard &amp; poor's                                                                                 fitch ratings senior unsecured debt discover financial services                        ba1                                                                                                   bbb-                                                                                                  bbb+
discover bank                                      baa3                                                                                                  bbb                                                                                                   bbb+
outlook for senior unsecured debt                  stable                                                                                                positive                                                                                              stable subordinated debt discover bank                                      ba1                                                                                                   bbb-                                                                                                  bbb discover card execution note trust class a(1)                                         aaa(sf)                                                                                               aaa(sf)                                                                                               aaasf class b(1)                                         aa1(sf)                                                                                               aa+(sf)                                                                                               aa-sf class c(2)                                         n/a                                                                                                   n/a                                                                                                   n/a
(1)   an "sf" in the rating denotes rating agency identification for structured finance product ratings.
(2)   all class c notes are currently held by subsidiaries of discover bank and, therefore, are not publicly rated.
liquidity we seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth and satisfy debt obligations under normal and stress conditions at the discover financial services and discover bank entity levels and on a consolidated basis. in addition to the funding sources discussed above, we also maintain high quality, liquid, unencumbered assets in our investment portfolio.
we maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy which outlines the overall framework and general principles for managing the liquidity risk across our businesses. the policy is approved by the board of directors with the implementation responsibilities delegated to the asset and liability management committee (the "alco"). we seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. liquidity risk is centrally managed by the alco, which is chaired by our treasurer and has cross-functional membership. the alco monitors liquidity risk profile and determines any actions that may need to be taken.
we employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. we developed liquidity early warning indicators ("ewi") to detect initial phases of liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. the ewis include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures, and are monitored on a daily basis and reported to the alco regularly. an ewi breach triggers prompt review and decision making by our senior management team, and in certain instances may lead to the convening of a senior-level response team and activation of the contingency funding plan.
in addition, liquidity stress testing is conducted regularly and contingency funding planning is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. we evaluate a range of stress scenarios including idiosyncratic and systemic events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs. these scenarios measure the liquidity position at discover financial services, discover bank and on a consolidated basis from daily to up to a two-year horizon by analyzing the stress on liquidity versus the ability to generate contingent liquidity. we maintain contingent funding
-78-
sources, including our liquidity portfolio, private securitizations with unused capacity and federal reserve discount window capacity, which we could utilize to satisfy liquidity needs during such stress events. we expect to be able to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations during the next 12 months by utilizing the funding sources that are currently available to us.
at december 31, 2014, our liquidity portfolio was comprised of cash and cash equivalents and high quality, liquid and unencumbered investment securities. cash and cash equivalents were primarily in the form of deposits with the federal reserve. investment securities primarily included debt obligations of the u.s. treasury and u.s. government agencies and residential mortgage-backed securities issued by u.s. government agencies. these investments are considered highly liquid, and we have the ability to raise cash by utilizing repurchase agreements, pledging certain of these investments to access the secured funding markets or selling them. the level and mix of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based upon the level of expected maturities of our funding sources as well as operational requirements and market conditions.
at december 31, 2014, our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities were $34.3 billion, which was $1.7 billion higher than the balance at december 31, 2013. during the calendar year ended december 31, 2014, the average balance of our liquidity portfolio was $11.9 billion.
december 31,
2014                                                                                         2013
(dollars in millions)
liquidity portfolio cash and cash equivalents(1)                                 $6,921                  $6,193
investment securities(2)                                      3,831                   4,922
total liquidity portfolio                                    10,752                  11,115
undrawn credit facilities(3)
private asset-backed securitizations                          7,500                   7,000
federal reserve discount window(4)                           16,024                  14,500
total undrawn credit facilities                              23,524                  21,500
total liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities     $34,276                 $32,615
(1)   cash-in-process is excluded from cash and cash equivalents for liquidity purposes.
(2)   excludes $16 million of u.s. treasury securities that have been pledged as swap collateral in lieu of cash as of december 31, 2014 and $9 million of u.s. treasury securities that have been pledged as swap collateral in lieu of cash as of december 31, 2013.
(3)   see " - additional funding sources" for additional information.
(4)   excludes $5 million of investments accounted for in the liquidity portfolio that were pledged to the federal reserve as of december 31, 2013.
bank holding company liquidity the primary uses of funds at the bank holding company level include debt and capital service (interest and dividend payments and return of principal) and capital management activity, which may include the periodic repurchase of shares of our common stock. our primary sources of funds at the bank holding company level include the proceeds from the public issuance of unsecured debt and preferred stock, as well as dividends from our subsidiaries, particularly discover bank. under periods of stress or at the discretion of our regulators, the bank holding company could lose access to one or both of those funding sources. in addition, federal statute and regulatory standards require that bank holding companies retain sufficient liquidity in order to serve as a source of financial strength for their banks and their banks' subsidiaries during periods of liquidity stress.
we utilize a measure called number of months of pre-funding to determine the length of time discover financial services can meet upcoming funding obligations including common and preferred dividend payments and debt service obligations using existing cash resources. at december 31, 2014, discover financial services has sufficient cash resources to fund the dividend and debt service payments for at least the next 18 months, which exceeds current alco and board limits.
we structure our debt maturity schedule to minimize the amount of debt maturing at the bank holding company level within a short period of time. as of december 31, 2014, there is no upcoming debt maturity in 2015 or 2016 at the bank holding company level. our alco and board of directors regularly review our compliance with our liquidity
-79-
limits as a bank holding company, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite articulated by our board.
capital our primary sources of capital are from the earnings generated by our businesses and common and preferred stock issuances in the capital markets. we seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support the risks of our businesses, meet regulatory requirements, meet rating agency targets and support future business growth. within these constraints, we are focused on deploying capital in a manner that provides attractive returns to our stockholders. the level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives, and legislative and regulatory developments.
under regulatory capital requirements adopted by the fdic, the federal reserve and other bank regulatory agencies, discover financial services, along with discover bank, must maintain minimum levels of capital. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could limit our business activities and have a direct material effect on our financial position and results. we must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets and liabilities as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors.
our capital adequacy assessment also includes tax and accounting considerations in accordance with regulatory guidance. we maintain a deferred tax asset on our balance sheet, and we include this asset when calculating our regulatory capital levels. however, for regulatory capital purposes, deferred tax assets that are dependent on future taxable income are currently limited to the lesser of: (i) the amount of deferred tax assets we expect to realize within one year of the calendar quarter-end date, based on our projected future taxable income for that year; or (ii) 10% of the amount of our tier 1 capital. at december 31, 2014, no portion of our deferred tax asset was disallowed for regulatory capital purposes.
at december 31, 2014, discover financial services and discover bank met the requirements for "well-capitalized" status, exceeding the regulatory minimums to which they were subject under the existing basel i standards.
as discussed in "- regulatory environment and developments - capital, liquidity and funding," we are subject to a common equity tier 1 capital ratio requirement as of january 1, 2015. we currently disclose our tier 1 common capital ratio as calculated under basel i for our bank holding company, which is a regulatory capital measure widely used by investors, analysts, rating agencies and bank regulatory agencies to assess the capital position of financial services companies. since analysts and banking regulators may assess the quality and composition of our capital adequacy using this ratio, we believe it is useful to provide investors the ability to assess our capital adequacy on the same basis. further, we believe that providing an estimate of capital position based on the basel iii final rules is important to complement the existing capital ratios and for comparability to other financial institutions. as of december 31, 2014, the tier 1 common capital ratio calculated under basel i and common equity tier 1 capital ratio calculated under basel iii are not formally defined by u.s. gaap or codified in the federal banking regulations, as such, they are considered to be non-gaap financial measures. other financial services companies may also disclose these ratios and definitions may vary, so we advise users of this information to exercise caution in comparing these ratios for different companies.
our tier 1 common capital ratio, as calculated under basel i, decreased to 14.1% at december 31, 2014 from 14.3% at december 31, 2013. the decrease was driven by higher risk-weighted assets compared to the prior year.
-80-
the following table provides a reconciliation of total common stockholders' equity (a u.s. gaap financial measure) to our tier 1 common capital calculated under basel i (dollars in millions):

december 31,                                                                                            december 31,
2014                                                                                                    2013
total common stockholders' equity                                                                                                                 $10,574                                                                                                 $10,249
less: goodwill                                                                                                                                       (257                         )                                                                          (284                         )
less: intangible assets, net                                                                                                                         (176                         )                                                                          (185                         )
tangible common equity                                                                                                                             10,141                                                                                                   9,780
effect of certain items in accumulated other comprehensive income excluded from tier 1 common capital                                                 138                                                                                                      69
total tier 1 common capital (basel i)                                                                                                             $10,279                                                                                                  $9,849
risk-weighted assets (basel i)(1)                                                                                                                 $72,889                                                                                                 $68,649
tier 1 common capital ratio (basel i)                                                                                                                14.1                         %                                                                          14.3                         %
(1)   under the banking agencies' risk-based capital guidelines, assets and credit equivalent amounts of derivatives and off-balance sheet exposures are assigned to broad risk categories. the aggregate dollar amount in each risk category is multiplied by the associated risk weight of the category. the resulting weighted values are added together, along with the measure for market risk, resulting in our total risk-weighted assets.
the following table provides a reconciliation of common equity tier 1 capital and risk-weighted assets calculated under basel iii using the standardized approach to tier 1 common capital and risk-weighted assets calculated under basel i (dollars in millions):

december 31,
2014
total tier 1 common capital (basel i)                                                                                                                                                          $10,279
add: adjustments related to capital components(1)                                                                                                                                                   26
common equity tier 1 capital (basel iii final rule)                                                                                                                                            $10,305
risk-weighted assets (basel iii final rule)(2)                                                                                                                                                 $73,315
common equity tier 1 capital ratio (basel iii final rule)                                                                                                                                         14.1                                                                  %
(1)   adjustments related to capital components include: deferred tax liabilities related to intangible assets and deduction for deferred tax assets.
(2)   key differences under fully phased-in basel iii rules in the calculation of risk-weighted assets compared to basel i include: higher risk weighting for past due loans and unfunded commitments.
current or future legislative or regulatory initiatives may require us to hold more capital in the future. federal reserve and fdic final rules applicable to discover financial services and discover bank, respectively, include new minimum and "well-capitalized" risk-based capital and leverage ratios, effective january 1, 2015, and refine the definition of what constitutes "capital" for purposes of calculating those ratios. for additional information, see "- regulatory environment and developments - capital, liquidity and funding."
additionally, we are required to submit an annual capital plan to the federal reserve that includes an assessment of our expected uses and sources of capital over the nine quarter planning horizon. in january 2015, we submitted our annual capital plan to the federal reserve under the federal reserve's comprehensive capital analysis and review, or ccar, program, which included planned dividends and share repurchases over the nine quarter planning horizon. in march 2014, we received non-objection from the federal reserve with respect to our proposed capital actions through march 31, 2015. our ability to make capital distributions, including our ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock, will continue to be subject to the federal reserve's review and non-objection of the actions that we propose each year in our annual capital plan.
also in march 2014, the federal reserve published the results of its annual supervisory stress tests for bank holding companies with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets, including discover financial services. at that same time, we published company-run stress test results for discover financial services and discover bank. discover financial services is required to publish company-run stress tests results in march and september each year in accordance with federal reserve rules and discover bank is required to publish company-run stress test results under fdic rules. we published our mid-year stress test results in september 2014. the dates for publication of stress test
-81-
results by discover financial services and discover bank may differ after 2015 based on recently updated rules adopted by the federal reserve and the fdic.
we recently declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $0.24 per share, payable on 2/19/15 to holders of record on 2/5/15, which is consistent with the dividend amount that we paid in each of the second, third and fourth quarters. we also recently declared a quarterly cash dividend on our preferred stock of $16.25 per share, equal to $0.40625 per depositary share, payable on 3/2/15 to holders of record on 2/13/15, which was the same amount paid on our preferred stock in each of the four quarters.
on april 16, 2014, our board of directors approved a two-year share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $3.2 billion of our outstanding shares of common stock. the program expires on april 15, 2016, and may be terminated at any time. this program replaced the prior $2.4 billion program, which had $1.0 billion of remaining authorization. during the calendar year ended december 31, 2014, we repurchased approximately 25 million shares, or 5%, of our outstanding common stock for $1.5 billion. we expect to continue to make share repurchases under our repurchase program from time to time based on market conditions and other factors, subject to legal and regulatory requirements and restrictions. share repurchases under the program may be made through a variety of methods, including open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other purchases, including block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods. any share repurchases after march 31, 2015 will be subject to receiving federal reserve non-objection with respect to our proposed capital actions through june 30, 2016.
the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors. the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding, and if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of preferred stock in any dividend period, no dividend may be declared or paid or set aside for payment on our common stock. in addition, as noted above, banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases, including limitations on the extent to which our banking subsidiaries can provide funds to us through dividends, loans or otherwise. further, also noted above, current or future regulatory initiatives may require us to hold more capital in the future. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends or repurchase any shares of our common stock in the future. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends or repurchase any shares of our common stock in the future. for more information, including conditions and limits on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our stock, see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases," "risk factors - credit, market and liquidity risk - we may be limited in our ability to pay dividends on and repurchase our stock" and "- we are a holding company and depend on payments from our subsidiaries" and note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements.
certain off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees guarantees are contracts or indemnification agreements that contingently require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying asset, liability, or equity security of a guaranteed party, rate or index. also included in guarantees are contracts that contingently require the guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under an agreement. our guarantees relate to transactions processed on the discover network and certain transactions processed by pulse and diners club. see note 18: commitments, contingencies and guarantees to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our guarantees.
-82-
contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business, we enter into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. contractual obligations include deposits, long-term borrowings, operating and capital lease obligations, interest payments on fixed-rate debt, purchase obligations and other liabilities. our future cash payments associated with our contractual obligations are summarized below (dollars in millions):

payments due by period total                                                                          less than one year                                                                one year through three years                                                               four years through five years                                                                        more than five years at december 31, 2014
deposits(1)(2)                                                             $46,089                                                                                     $31,708                                                                                      $9,093                                                                                      $3,522                                                                                      $1,766
borrowings(3)                                                               22,543                                                                                       3,301                                                                                       8,156                                                                                       5,928                                                                                       5,158
capital lease obligations                                                        1                                                                                           1                                                                                           -                                                                                           -                                                                                           -
operating leases                                                               111                                                                                          16                                                                                          28                                                                                          22                                                                                          45
interest payments on fixed-rate debt                                         2,105                                                                                         387                                                                                         705                                                                                         471                                                                                         542
purchase obligations(4)                                                        801                                                                                         453                                                                                         269                                                                                          79                                                                                           -
other liabilities(5)                                                           229                                                                                          51                                                                                          42                                                                                          33                                                                                         103
total contractual obligations                                              $71,879                                                                                     $35,917                                                                                     $18,293                                                                                     $10,055                                                                                      $7,614
(1)   deposits do not include interest payments because payment amounts and timing cannot be reasonably estimated as certain deposit accounts have early withdrawal rights and the option to roll interest payments into the balance.
(2)   deposits due in less than one year include deposits with indeterminate maturities.
(3)   see note 9: long-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion. total future payment of interest charges for the floating-rate notes is estimated to be $714 million as of december 31, 2014, utilizing the current interest rates as of that date.
(4)   purchase obligations for goods and services include payments under, among other things, consulting, outsourcing, data, advertising, sponsorship, software license, telecommunications agreements and global acceptance contracts. purchase obligations also include payments under rewards program agreements with merchants. purchase obligations at december 31, 2014 reflect the minimum purchase obligation under legally binding contracts with contract terms that are both fixed and determinable. these amounts exclude obligations for goods and services that already have been incurred and are reflected on our consolidated statement of financial condition.
(5)   other liabilities include our expected future contributions to our pension plan, the contingent liability associated with our equity method securities and a commitment to purchase certain when-issued mortgage-backed securities under an agreement with the delaware state housing authority as part of our community reinvestment initiatives.
as of december 31, 2014 our consolidated statement of financial condition reflects a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $635 million, and approximately $135 million of accrued interest and penalties. since the ultimate amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, the estimated income tax obligations about which there is uncertainty, as addressed in asc topic 740, income taxes (guidance formerly provided by fasb interpretation no. 48), have been excluded from the contractual obligations table. see note 15: income taxes to our consolidated financial statements for further information concerning our tax obligations.
we extend credit for consumer loans, primarily arising from agreements with customers for unused lines of credit on certain credit cards, provided there is no violation of conditions established in the related agreement. at december 31, 2014, our unused commitments were $169.2 billion. these commitments, substantially all of which we can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage, customer creditworthiness and loan qualification. in addition, in the ordinary course of business, we guarantee payment on behalf of subsidiaries relating to contractual obligations with external parties. the activities of the subsidiaries covered by any such guarantees are included in our consolidated financial statements.
