item 1a.  risk factors an investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.  any failure to meet market expectations, including our comparable store sales growth rate, earnings and earnings per share or new store openings, could cause the market price of our stock to decline.  you should carefully consider the specific risk factors listed below together with all other information included or incorporated in this report.  any of the following risks may materialize, and additional risks not known to us, or that we now deem immaterial, may arise.  in such event, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected.
10
our profitability is vulnerable to cost increases.
future increases in costs such as the cost of merchandise, wage and benefit costs, shipping rates, freight costs, fuel costs and store occupancy costs may reduce our profitability. the minimum wage has increased or is scheduled to increase in multiple states and local jurisdictions and there is a possibility that congress will increase the federal minimum wage. we do not raise the sales price of our merchandise to offset cost increases because we are committed to selling primarily at the $1.00 price point to continue to provide value to the customer. we are dependent on our ability to adjust our product assortment, to operate more efficiently or to increase our comparable store net sales in order to offset inflation or other cost increases. we can give no assurance that we will be able to operate more efficiently or increase our comparable store net sales in the future. please see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," beginning on page 25 of this form 10-k for further discussion of the effect of inflation and other economic factors on our operations.
a downturn in economic conditions could impact our sales.
deterioration in economic conditions, such as those caused by a recession, inflation, higher unemployment, consumer debt levels, lack of available credit, cost increases, as well as adverse weather conditions or terrorism, could reduce consumer spending or cause customers to shift their spending to products we either do not sell or do not sell as profitably. adverse economic conditions could disrupt consumer spending and significantly reduce our sales, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns or reduce our profitability due to lower margins.
a significant disruption in our computer and technology systems could adversely affect our results of operation or business.
we rely extensively on our computer and technology systems to manage inventory, process credit card and customer transactions and summarize results. systems may be subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunication failures, computer viruses, security breaches and catastrophic events. if our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions and may receive negative publicity, which could adversely affect our results of operation or business.
if we are unable to secure our customers' credit card and confidential information, or other private data relating to our associates, suppliers or our business, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation, which could damage our business reputation and adversely affect our results of operation or business.
we have procedures and technology in place to safeguard our customers' debit and credit card information, our associates' private data, suppliers' data, and our business records and intellectual property. despite these measures, criminals are constantly devising schemes to circumvent safeguards and we may be vulnerable to, and unable to detect and appropriately respond to, data security breaches and data loss, including cyber-security attacks. other sophisticated retailers have recently suffered serious security breaches. if we experience a data security breach, we could be exposed to negative publicity, government enforcement actions, private litigation, or costly response measures. in addition, our reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether. this could have an adverse effect on our results of operation or business.
our growth is dependent on our ability to increase sales in existing stores and to expand our square footage profitably.
existing store sales growth is dependent on a variety of factors including merchandise selection and availability, store operations and customer satisfaction. in addition, competition could affect our sales. our highest sales periods are the christmas and easter seasons and we generally realize a disproportionate amount of our net sales and our operating and net income during the fourth quarter. in anticipation, we stock extra inventory and hire many temporary employees to prepare our stores. a reduction in sales during these periods could adversely affect our operating results, particularly operating and net income, to a greater extent than if a reduction occurred at other times of the year. untimely merchandise delays due to receiving or distribution problems could have a similar effect. easter was observed on march 31, 2013, april 20, 2014, and will be observed on april 5, 2015.
expanding our square footage profitably depends on a number of uncertainties, including our ability to locate, lease, build out and open or expand stores in suitable locations on a timely basis under favorable economic terms. in addition, our expansion is dependent upon third-party developers' abilities to acquire land, obtain financing, and secure necessary permits
11
and approvals. it remains difficult for third party developers to obtain financing for new projects due to the recent turmoil in the financial markets. we also open or expand stores within our established geographic markets, where new or expanded stores may draw sales away from our existing stores. we may not manage our expansion effectively, and our failure to achieve our expansion plans could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks associated with our domestic and foreign suppliers from whom our products are sourced could affect our financial performance.
we are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner. if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments due to financial or other difficulties, we could experience merchandise shortages which could lead to lost sales or increased merchandise costs if alternative sources must be used.
merchandise imported directly accounts for approximately 39% to 41% of our total retail value purchases. in addition, we believe that a portion of our goods purchased from domestic vendors is imported. china is the source of a substantial majority of our imports. imported goods are generally less expensive than domestic goods and increase our profit margins. a disruption in the flow of our imported merchandise or an increase in the cost of those goods may significantly decrease our profits. risks associated with our reliance on imported goods may include disruptions in the flow of or increases in the cost of imported goods because of factors such as:
•   raw material shortages, work stoppages, strikes and political unrest;
•   economic crises and international disputes;
•   changes in currency exchange rates or policies and local economic conditions, including inflation in the country of origin; and
•   failure of the united states to maintain normal trade relations with china.
we could encounter disruptions in our distribution network or additional costs in distributing merchandise.
our success is dependent on our ability to transport merchandise to our distribution centers and then ship it to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. we may not anticipate, respond to or control all of the challenges of operating our receiving and distribution systems. additionally, if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience merchandise shortages that could lead to lost sales or increased costs. some of the factors that could have an adverse effect on our distribution network or costs are:
•   shipping disruption. our oceanic shipping schedules may be disrupted or delayed from time to time.
•   shipping costs. we could experience increases in shipping rates imposed by the trans-pacific ocean carriers. changes in import duties, import quotas and other trade sanctions could increase our costs.
•   diesel fuel costs. we have experienced volatility in diesel fuel costs over the past few years.
•   vulnerability to natural or man-made disasters. a fire, explosion or natural disaster at a port or any of our distribution facilities could result in a loss of merchandise and impair our ability to adequately stock our stores. some facilities are vulnerable to earthquakes, hurricanes or tornadoes.
•   labor disagreement. labor disagreements, disruptions or strikes may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers or stores and increase costs.
•   war, terrorism and other events. war and acts of terrorism in the united states, the middle east, or in china or other parts of asia, where we buy a significant amount of our imported merchandise, could disrupt our supply chain or increase our transportation costs.
•   economic conditions. suppliers may encounter financial or other difficulties.
our profitability is affected by the mix of products we sell.
our gross profit margin could decrease if we increase the proportion of higher cost goods we sell in the future. in recent years, the percentage of our sales from higher cost consumable products has increased and we can give no assurance that this trend will not continue. as a result, our gross profit margin could decrease unless we are able to maintain our current merchandise cost sufficiently to offset any decrease in our product margin percentage. we can give no assurance that we will be able to do so.
pressure from competitors may reduce our sales and profits.
the retail industry is highly competitive. the marketplace is highly fragmented as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of store formats and merchandising strategies. we expect competition to increase in the
12
future. there are no significant economic barriers for others to enter our retail sector. some of our current or potential competitors have greater financial resources than we do. we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. please see item 1, "business" beginning on page 6 of this form 10-k for further discussion of the effect of competition on our operations.
litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving employees, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies, or others through private actions, class actions, governmental investigations, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. our products could also cause illness or injury, harm our reputation, and subject us to litigation. we are currently defendants in several employment-related class and collective actions, litigation concerning leases, several occupational safety proceedings, and a governmental investigation concerning retail hazardous waste. the outcome of litigation is difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. in addition, certain of these matters, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in an expense that may be material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operation are required. the cost to defend current and future litigation may be significant. there also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation, including litigation related to product safety, customer information and environmental or safety requirements, which could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable.
for a discussion of current legal matters, please see item 3, "legal proceedings" beginning on page 20 of this form 10-k and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data, note 4 commitments and contingencies" under the caption "contingencies" beginning on page 51 of this form 10-k. resolution of these matters, if decided against the company, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, accrued liabilities or cash flows.
changes in federal, state or local law, or our failure to comply with such laws, could increase our expenses and expose us to legal risks.
our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. significant legislative changes, such as the health-care legislation, that impact our relationship with our workforce could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. the minimum wage has increased or is scheduled to increase in multiple states and local jurisdictions and there is a possibility that congress will increase the federal minimum wage. changes in other regulatory areas, such as consumer credit, privacy and information security, product safety, worker safety or environmental protection, among others, could cause our expenses to increase. in addition, if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, particularly wage and hour laws, we could be subject to legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations. changes in tax laws, the interpretation of existing laws, or our failure to sustain our reporting positions on examination could adversely affect our effective tax rate.
our business could be adversely affected if we fail to attract and retain qualified associates and key personnel.
our growth and performance is dependent on the skills, experience and contributions of our associates, executives and key personnel. various factors, including overall labor availability, wage rates, regulatory or legislative impacts, and benefit costs could impact the ability to attract and retain qualified associates at our stores, distribution centers and corporate office.
certain provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws could delay or discourage a change of control transaction that may be in a shareholder's best interest.
our articles of incorporation and bylaws currently contain provisions that may delay or discourage a takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in his best interest. these provisions, among other things:
•   provide that only the board of directors, chairman or president may call special meetings of the shareholders;
•   establish certain advance notice procedures for nominations of candidates for election as directors and for shareholder proposals to be considered at shareholders' meetings; and
•   permit the board of directors, without further action of the shareholders, to issue and fix the terms of preferred stock, which may have rights senior to those of the common stock.
however, we believe that these provisions allow our board of directors to negotiate a higher price in the event of a
13
takeover attempt which would be in the best interest of our shareholders.
risks related to the proposed family dollar merger and the business of the combined company completion of the proposed merger is subject to the satisfaction of numerous conditions, and the proposed merger may not be completed on the proposed terms, within the expected timeframe, or at all.
each of our and family dollar's obligation to consummate the proposed merger remains subject to a number of conditions, including, among others, the following, as further described in the merger agreement: (i) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended (''hsr act''), (ii) approval of the listing on the nasdaq of our common stock to be issued in the merger, (iii) the absence of an injunction prohibiting the merger, (iv) the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party under the merger agreement (subject to the materiality standards set forth in the merger agreement), (v) the performance by the other party of its respective obligations under the merger agreement in all material respects, (vi) delivery of officer certificates by the other party certifying satisfaction of the two preceding conditions, and in the case of our obligations to complete the merger, the absence of a material adverse effect (as described in the merger agreement) on family dollar since july 27, 2014.
there is no assurance that all of the conditions will be satisfied, or that the proposed merger will be completed on the proposed terms, within the expected timeframe, or at all. any delay in completing the proposed merger could cause us not to realize some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the merger is successfully completed within its expected timeframe. further, there can be no assurance that the conditions to the closing of the merger will be satisfied or waived or that the merger will be completed. see the risk factor entitled "failure to complete the merger could negatively impact our stock price and future business and financial results," below.
in order to complete the proposed merger, we and family dollar must make certain governmental filings and obtain certain governmental authorizations, and if such filings and authorizations are not made or granted or are granted with conditions, completion of the merger may be jeopardized or the anticipated benefits of the proposed merger could be reduced.
although we and family dollar have agreed in the merger agreement to use our reasonable best efforts, subject to certain limitations, to make certain governmental filings and obtain the required expiration or termination of the waiting period under the hsr act, there can be no assurance that the waiting period under the hsr act will expire or be terminated. as a condition to granting termination of the waiting period under the hsr act, governmental authorities may impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of our business after completion of the merger. under the terms of the merger agreement, subject to certain exceptions, we are required to accept certain conditions and take certain actions imposed by governmental authorities that would apply to, or affect, our businesses, assets or properties or those of family dollar and its subsidiaries. there can be no assurance that regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions (including requiring divestitures) and that such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions (including divestitures) will not have the effect of delaying completion of the merger or imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger, or otherwise adversely affecting our business and results of operations after completion of the proposed merger. in addition, we can provide no assurance that these conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the proposed merger. there can also be no assurance that regulators will not seek to challenge the merger.
we and family dollar each submitted a filing under the hsr act, on august 8, 2014, and each received a second request from the ftc regarding the acquisition on september 8, 2014. we and family dollar certified substantial compliance with the second request on november 7, 2014, and october 21, 2014, respectively. the hsr act waiting period has been extended by a timing agreement among the parties and the ftc, and we and family dollar have agreed to provide the ftc with four weeks' notice prior to closing. we expect to initiate the 4-week notice period (which may be terminated early by the ftc) after we execute a consent decree with the ftc.
as of march 10, 2015, the ftc has identified approximately 250 stores for divestiture, representing approximately $34 million of operating income. we expect the ftc to substantially complete its review of all remaining stores in the near future. we continue to estimate that no more than roughly 300 stores will be required to be divested, although we can give no assurance as to the exact number and it could be more or less than 300. in parallel, we have made good progress with divestiture buyers and have received multiple indications of interest from buyers, each of whom intend to operate these divested locations as dollar stores to address the ftc's concerns. we will work to secure ftc approval and finalize divestiture agreements with the selected bidder(s) as soon as practical. we are working to close the proposed merger as early as april 2015, but it is uncertain whether the ftc will approve the transaction by that date.
14
combining the two companies may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits, synergies and cost savings of the proposed merger may not be realized, including as a result of the challenges family dollar has been recently experiencing as a stand-alone company.
we and family dollar have operated and, until the completion of the proposed merger, will continue to operate, independently. the success of the proposed merger, including anticipated benefits, synergies and cost savings, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate the businesses of our company and family dollar. it is possible that the pendency of the merger and/or the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, higher than expected costs, litigation relating to the proposed merger, diversion of management attention of both dollar tree and family dollar, increased competition, the disruption of either company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the combined company's ability to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the proposed merger. if we experience difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the proposed merger may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. family dollar's first quarter of fiscal year 2015 experienced increased pressures on merchandise margin, deleveraging of expenses and increased professional fees, and such conditions may continue in fiscal 2015. moreover, family dollar has recently experienced turnover in its corporate office and may continue to do so during the pendency of the proposed merger and/or integration process. each of these factors, among others, could negatively impact the actual benefits realized in the merger. furthermore, integration efforts between the two companies will also divert management attention and resources. these integration matters could have an adverse effect on us during this transition period and for an undetermined period after completion of the merger on the combined company. in addition, the actual cost savings of the proposed merger could be less than anticipated.
failure to complete the proposed merger could negatively impact our stock price and our future business and financial results.
if the proposed family dollar merger is not completed for any reason, we would be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
•   we will incur substantial expenses and costs related to the proposed merger, whether or not it is consummated, including legal, accounting and advisory fees;
•   matters relating to the proposed merger (including integration planning) will require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management, which would otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other potentially advantageous business opportunities or plans that may have been beneficial to us, without realizing any of the expected benefits of the proposed merger; and
•   failure to consummate the proposed merger may result in negative reactions from the financial markets or from our customers, vendors and employees.
if the proposed merger is not completed, these risks may materialize and could have a material adverse effect on our stock price, business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we will incur significant transaction and acquisition-related costs in connection with the proposed merger.
we expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with the proposed merger and combining the operations of the two companies. the substantial majority of non-recurring expenses will be comprised of transaction and regulatory costs related to the merger.
we also will incur transaction fees and costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the proposed merger and the integration of the two companies' businesses. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. see the risk factor entitled "combining the two companies may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits, synergies and cost savings of the proposed merger may not be realized, including as a result of the challenges family dollar has been recently experiencing as a stand-alone company" above.
15
lawsuits have been filed against family dollar, its directors, dollar tree, and one of dollar tree's subsidiaries challenging the proposed merger, and an adverse ruling in such lawsuits may prevent the proposed merger from becoming effective or from becoming effective within the expected timeframe.
family dollar, its directors, dollar tree, and one of dollar tree's subsidiaries are named as defendants in three putative class action lawsuits, which have been consolidated under the caption in re family dollar stores, inc. stockholder litig., c.a. no. 9985 cb., brought by purported family dollar shareholders challenging the proposed merger, seeking, among other things, to enjoin consummation of the proposed merger. the parties conducted certain document discovery and depositions relating to the motion for a preliminary injunction and a hearing was held on december 5, 2014. on december 19, 2014, the court of chancery issued an opinion and order denying plaintiffs' preliminary injunction motion. the plaintiffs sought from the court of chancery certification of an interlocutory appeal of that order to the delaware supreme court, but on january 2, 2015, the court of chancery denied that request. no schedule has yet been set for the adjudication of the plaintiffs' remaining claims for relief. if the plaintiffs are successful in their remaining claims, there could be an adverse effect on our and family dollar's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the notes.
our consolidated indebtedness as of january 31, 2015 was $757 million. following the proposed merger, we will have substantially increased our indebtedness, which could adversely affect our ability to fulfill our obligations and have a negative impact on our financing options and liquidity position. upon completion of the proposed merger we expect to have indebtedness of approximately $8,507 million and availability under our new revolving credit facility of approximately $1,250 million, less amounts outstanding for letters of credit.
our high level of debt could have significant consequences, including the following:
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes;
•   requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments, instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•   limiting our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all;
•   imposing restrictive covenants on our operations;
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors carrying less debt; and
•   making us more vulnerable to economic downturns and limiting our ability to withstand competitive pressures.
in addition, our credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. our ratings reflect the opinions of the ratings agencies of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. there can be no assurance that we will achieve a particular rating or maintain a particular rating in the future.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. we may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to fund our day-to-day operations or to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations and other cash requirements, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to sell assets or operations, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. we may not be able to effect any such alternative measures, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, such alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. upon consummation of the proposed merger, the agreements that will govern the indebtedness to be incurred or assumed in connection with the proposed merger are expected to restrict (a) our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from any such dispositions and (b) our ability to raise debt capital to be used to repay our indebtedness when it becomes due. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to
16
obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due.
our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations and our ability to satisfy our obligations.
if we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default and, as a result, holders of the notes (and lenders under any of our existing and future indebtedness) could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable, the lenders under the credit facilities could terminate their commitments to loan money, our secured lenders could foreclose against the assets securing such borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation, in each case, which could result in your losing your investment.
despite current and anticipated indebtedness levels, we may still be able to incur substantially more debt. this could further exacerbate the risks described above.
we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. although the agreements that will govern the indebtedness to be incurred or assumed in connection with the proposed merger are expected to restrict the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are and will be subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. if new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. upon completion of the pending acquisition, we expect to have approximately $1,250 million of availability under our new revolving credit facility.
the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness upon consummation of the proposed merger may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to pursue our business strategies, and could adversely affect our capital resources, financial condition and liquidity.
the agreements that will govern the indebtedness to be incurred or assumed in connection with the proposed merger are expected to contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests, including, among other things, restrictions on our ability to:
•   incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness;
•   declare or pay dividends or make other distributions with respect to, or purchase or otherwise acquire or retire for value, equity interests;
•   make any principal payment on, or redeem or repurchase, subordinated debt;
•   make loans, advances or other investments;
•   incur liens;
•   sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries;
•   enter into sale and lease-back transactions;
•   consolidate or merge with or into, or sell all or substantially all of our assets to, another person; and
•   enter into transactions with affiliates.
in addition, certain of these agreements are expected to require us to comply with certain financial maintenance covenants. our ability to satisfy these financial maintenance covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will meet them.
a breach of the covenants under these agreements could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness, which, if not cured or waived, could result in us having to repay our borrowings before their due dates. such default may allow the debt holders to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. if we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or if we were to experience difficulty in refinancing the debt prior to maturity, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially affected. in addition, an event of default under our credit facilities may permit the lenders under our credit facilities to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under such credit facilities. furthermore, if we are unable to repay the amounts due and payable under our credit facilities, those lenders may be able to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. in the event our lenders or holders of notes accelerate the repayment of such borrowings, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness.
17
as a result of these restrictions, we may be:
•   limited in how we conduct our business;
•   unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; or
•   unable to compete effectively, take advantage of new business opportunities or grow in accordance with our plans.
our variable-rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our annual debt service obligations to increase significantly.
certain of our indebtedness, including borrowings under our new revolving credit facility and our existing credit facility, is or is expected to be subject to variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income would decrease. an increase (decrease) of 0.25% on the estimated interest rate on debt to finance the proposed merger would result in an increase (decrease) of $20.5 million in annual interest expense. although we may enter into interest rate swaps, involving the exchange of floating- for fixed-rate interest payments, to reduce interest rate volatility, we cannot assure you we will be able to do so.
the proposed merger may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
because shares of our common stock would be issued in the proposed merger, it is possible that the merger will be dilutive to our earnings per share, which could negatively affect the market price of shares of our common stock.
in connection with the completion of the proposed merger, based on the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock and family dollar common stock as of january 31, 2015, we would issue approximately 28.5 million shares of our common stock. the issuance of these new shares of our common stock could have the effect of depressing the market price of shares of our common stock, through dilution of earnings per share or otherwise.
in addition, future events and conditions could increase the dilution that is currently projected, including adverse changes in market conditions, additional transaction and integration related costs and other factors such as the failure to realize some or all of the benefits anticipated in the merger. any dilution of, or delay of any accretion to, our earnings per share could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline or grow at a reduced rate.
sales of shares of our common stock before and after the completion of the proposed family dollar merger may cause the market price of our common stock to fall.
based on the number of outstanding shares of our common stock and family dollar common stock as of january 31, 2015, we would issue approximately 28.5 million shares of our common stock in connection with the proposed family dollar merger. the issuance of these new shares of our common stock could have the effect of depressing the market price for our common stock.
in addition, many family dollar stockholders may decide not to hold the shares of our common stock they will receive in the proposed merger. other family dollar stockholders, such as funds with limitations on their permitted holdings of stock in individual issuers, may be required to sell the shares of our common stock that they receive in the proposed merger. such sales of our common stock could have the effect of depressing the market price for our common stock and may take place promptly following consummation of the proposed merger.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in management's discussion and analysis, we explain the general financial condition and the results of operations for our company, including:
•   what factors affect our business;
•   what our net sales, earnings, gross margins and costs were in 2014, 2013 and 2012;
•   why those net sales, earnings, gross margins and costs were different from the year before;
•   how all of this affects our overall financial condition;
•   what our expenditures for capital projects were in 2014 and 2013 and what we expect them to be in 2015; and
•   where funds will come from to pay for future expenditures.
as you read management's discussion and analysis, please refer to our consolidated financial statements, included in item 8 of this form 10-k, which present the results of operations for the fiscal years ended january 31, 2015, february 1, 2014 and february 2, 2013.  in management's discussion and analysis, we analyze and explain the annual changes in some specific line items in the consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 and for fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012. unless otherwise indicated, references to "we," "our" or "dollar tree" refer to dollar tree, inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and do not give effect to the proposed acquisition of family dollar stores, inc.
25
key events and recent developments several key events have had or are expected to have a significant effect on our operations. you should keep in mind that:
•   on march 9, 2015, we entered into a credit agreement and term loan facilities and received $3.95 billion under the term loan b which is being held in escrow pending the consummation of the family dollar acquisition.
•   on february 23, 2015, we completed the offering of $3.25 billion of acquisition notes which we expect to use in connection with our financing of the family dollar acquisition. the acquisition notes were issued by a wholly owned subsidiary of dollar tree and the proceeds of the offering are being held in escrow pending the consummation of the family dollar acquisition.
•   on january 22, 2015, family dollar stores, inc. shareholders voted to approve our acquisition of family dollar.
•   in january 2015, we completed a 270,000 square foot expansion of our distribution center in joliet, illinois. the joliet distribution center is now a 1,470,000 square foot, fully automated facility.
•   on july 27, 2014, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger to acquire family dollar in a cash and stock transaction.
•   on september 17, 2013, we entered into agreements with jp morgan chase bank to repurchase $1.0 billion of our common stock under a variable maturity accelerated share repurchase program, 50% of which was collared and 50% of which was uncollared.
•   on september 16, 2013, we completed a private placement with institutional investors of $750 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes. the senior notes include three tranches with $300 million of 4.03% senior notes due in september 2020, $350 million of 4.63% senior notes due in september 2023 and $100 million of 4.78% senior notes due in september 2025.
•   on september 13, 2013, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $2.0 billion of our common stock. this authorization replaced all previous authorizations. at january 31, 2015, we had $1.0 billion remaining under board repurchase authorization.
•   in august 2013, we completed a 401,000 square foot expansion of our distribution center in marietta, oklahoma. the marietta distribution center is now a 1,004,000 square foot, fully automated facility.
•   in june 2013, we completed construction on a new 1.0 million square foot distribution center in windsor, connecticut.
•   in march 2013, we leased an additional 0.4 million square feet at our distribution center in san bernardino, california. the san bernardino distribution center is now an 802,000 square foot facility.
•   on june 6, 2012, we entered into a five-year $750.0 million unsecured credit agreement which provides for a $750.0 million revolving line of credit, including up to $150.0 million in available letters of credit. the interest rate on the facility is based, at our option, on a libor rate, plus a margin, or an alternate base rate, plus a margin.
overview our net sales are derived from the sale of merchandise.  two major factors tend to affect our net sales trends.  first is our success at opening new stores or adding new stores through acquisitions.  second, sales vary at our existing stores from one year to the next.  we refer to this change as a change in comparable store net sales, because we compare only those stores that are open throughout both of the periods being compared.  we include sales from stores expanded during the year in the calculation of comparable store net sales, which has the effect of increasing our comparable store net sales.  the term 'expanded' also includes stores that are relocated.
at january 31, 2015, we operated 5,367 stores in 48 states and the district of columbia, and five canadian provinces, with 46.5 million selling square feet compared to 4,992 stores with 43.2 million selling square feet at february 1, 2014.  during fiscal 2014, we opened 391 stores, expanded 72 stores and closed 16 stores, compared to 343 new stores opened, 71 stores expanded and 22 stores closed during fiscal 2013.  in the current year we increased our selling square footage by 7.4%. of the 3.2 million selling square foot increase in 2014, 0.2 million was added by expanding existing stores.  the average size of our stores opened in 2014 was approximately 8,060 selling square feet (or about 10,000 gross square feet).  for 2015, we continue to plan to open stores that are approximately 8,000 - 10,000 selling square feet (or about 10,000 - 12,000 gross square feet).  we believe that this store size is our optimal size operationally and that this size also gives our customers an ideal shopping environment that invites them to shop longer and buy more.
fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 which ended on january 31, 2015, and february 1, 2014, respectively, each included 52 weeks. fiscal 2012 ended on february 2, 2013 and included 53 weeks, commensurate with the retail calendar. the 53rd week in 2012 added approximately $125 million in sales.
26
in fiscal 2014, comparable store net sales increased by 4.3%.  the comparable store net sales increase was the result of a 3.4% increase in the number of transactions and a 0.9% increase in average ticket.  we believe comparable store net sales continued to be positively affected by a number of our initiatives, as debit and credit card penetration continued to increase in 2014, and we continued the roll-out of frozen and refrigerated merchandise to more of our stores.  at january 31, 2015 we had frozen and refrigerated merchandise in approximately 3,620 stores compared to approximately 3,160 stores at february 1, 2014.  we believe that the addition of frozen and refrigerated product enables us to increase sales and earnings by increasing the number of shopping trips made by our customers.  in addition, we accept food stamps (under the supplemental nutrition assistance program ("snap")) in approximately 5,000 qualified stores compared to 4,620 at the end of 2013.
our point-of-sale technology provides us with valuable sales and inventory information to assist our buyers and improve our merchandise allocation to our stores.  we believe that this has enabled us to better manage our inventory flow resulting in more efficient distribution and store operations.
we must continue to control our merchandise costs, inventory levels and our general and administrative expenses as increases in these line items could negatively impact our operating results.
pending acquisition on july 27, 2014, we executed an agreement and plan of merger (the "merger agreement") to acquire family dollar in a cash and stock transaction (the "acquisition"). under the acquisition, which was approved by family dollar shareholders on january 22, 2015, the family dollar shareholders will receive $59.60 in cash plus no more than 0.3036 and no less than 0.2484 shares of our common stock for each share of family dollar common stock they own. on january 31, 2015, family dollar had approximately 114.5 million outstanding shares of common stock. due to the vesting of outstanding equity awards, family dollar is expected to have up to an additional 2.0 million shares of common stock outstanding at closing in connection with the acquisition. family dollar stock options and rsus will convert into options and rsus in our common stock. after the acquisition, we expect that former family dollar stockholders will own no more than 15.1% and no less than 12.7% of the outstanding shares of dollar tree common stock.
the transaction is subject to expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act ("hsr act") and satisfaction or waiver of the other customary closing conditions.
on or before closing, we expect to incur approximately $210.0 million in acquisition-related expenses, of which $75.2 million were incurred in 2014 including $33.5 million that was paid in 2014. during 2014, $28.5 million of acquisition-related expenses were recorded in "selling, general and administrative expenses" and $46.7 million related to commitment fees were recorded in "interest expense, net." we expect to incur an additional $22.6 million in commitment fees in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. we also expect to expend approximately $174.0 million in capitalizable debt issuance costs related to the financing of the acquisition.
in connection with the acquisition, we expect to pay off most of our and family dollar's existing debt, and obtain approximately $9.5 billion in bank and bond financing to recapitalize the combined company and finance the acquisition and ongoing operations. on february 23, 2015 we completed the offering of $3.25 billion of acquisition notes and on march 9, 2015 we received funding under the $3.95 billion term loan b in connection with the financing. the proceeds of the acquisition notes and term loan b are being held in escrow pending consummation of the acquisition. please see "note 11 - pending acquisition and related debt" beginning on page 61 of this form 10-k included in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for more information on the financing.
we expect to achieve approximately $300 million in annual cost savings synergies by the end of the third year after closing, and that we will incur $300 million in one-time costs to achieve those synergies. we project that the acquisition will be dilutive to earnings per share in the first twelve months following closing on a gaap basis; however, we expect it will be accretive excluding the one-time costs to achieve synergies.
27
results of operations year ended january 31,2015          february 1,2014          february 2,2013
net sales                                        100.0   %                100.0         %          100.0         %
cost of sales                                     64.7   %                 64.4         %           64.1         %
gross profit                                      35.3   %                 35.6         %           35.9         %
selling, general and administrative expenses      23.2   %                 23.2         %           23.5         %
operating income                                  12.1   %                 12.4         %           12.4         %
interest expense, net                              0.9   %                  0.2         %              -         %
other (income) expense, net                        0.1   %                    -         %           (0.8        )%
income before income taxes                        11.1   %                 12.2         %           13.2         %
provision for income taxes                         4.1   %                  4.6         %            4.8         %
net income                                         7.0   %                  7.6         %            8.4         %
fiscal year ended january 31, 2015 compared to fiscal year ended february 1, 2014
net sales.  net sales increased 9.7%, or $761.9 million, in 2014 compared to 2013, resulting from sales in our new stores and a 4.3% increase in comparable store net sales. comparable store net sales are positively affected by our expanded and relocated stores, which we include in the calculation, and, to a lesser extent, are negatively affected when we open new stores or expand stores near existing ones.
the following table summarizes the components of the changes in our store count for fiscal years ended january 31, 2015 and february 1, 2014.
january 31, 2015          february 1, 2014
new stores                          391                       343
expanded or relocated stores         72                        71
closed stores                       (16   )                   (22   )
of the 3.2 million selling square foot increase in 2014 approximately 0.2 million was added by expanding existing stores.
gross profit. gross profit margin was 35.3% in 2014 compared to 35.6% in 2013 due to increased freight costs partially offset by leverage in occupancy costs from the higher comparable store sales increase.
selling, general and administrative expenses.  selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, remained at 23.2% for 2014 compared to 2013.  excluding $28.5 million or approximately 35 basis points of expenses related to the family dollar acquisition, the selling, general and administrative rate was 22.9%. the decrease is primarily due to lower store payroll, health insurance and workers' compensation costs.
operating income.  operating income margin was 12.1% in 2014 compared to 12.4% in 2013. excluding the approximately 35 basis points of acquisition-related expenses, operating income margin was 12.4% in 2014 as lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales were offset by lower gross profit margin for the reasons noted above.
interest expense, net. interest expense, net increased $64.7 million due to $46.7 million of commitment fees related to the financing of the family dollar acquisition and a full year of interest expense on the $750.0 million of senior notes issued in september 2013.
other (income) expense, net.  other (income) expense, net in 2014 increased $5.6 million primarily due to unfavorable fair market value adjustments for our diesel fuel hedges.
income taxes.  our effective tax rate was 37.2% in 2014 compared to 37.5% in 2013. the rate decrease is the result of lower state tax rates and additional work opportunity tax credits in 2014.
28
fiscal year ended february 1, 2014 compared to fiscal year ended february 2, 2013
net sales.  net sales increased 6.0%, or $445.8 million, in 2013 compared to 2012, resulting from sales in our new stores and a 2.4% increase in comparable store net sales. excluding the 53rd week in 2012, which accounted for approximately $125.0 million of sales, net sales increased 7.9%, or $570.8 million. the comparable store net sales increase is based on the comparable 52 weeks for both years. comparable store net sales are positively affected by our expanded and relocated stores, which we include in the calculation, and, to a lesser extent, are negatively affected when we open new stores or expand stores near existing ones.
the following table summarizes the components of the changes in our store count for fiscal years ended february 1, 2014 and february 2, 2013.
february 1, 2014          february 2, 2013
new stores                          343                       345
expanded or relocated stores         71                        87
closed stores                       (22   )                   (25   )
of the 2.7 million selling square foot increase in 2013 approximately 0.2 million was added by expanding existing stores.
gross profit. gross profit margin was 35.6% in 2013 compared to 35.9% in 2012 due to loss of leverage in occupancy and distribution cost from the 53rd week of sales in 2012.
selling, general and administrative expenses.  selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, decreased to 23.2% for 2013 compared to 23.5% for 2012.  the decrease is primarily due to lower incentive compensation achievement in 2013 compared with 2012 and lower inventory service fees.
operating income.  operating income margin was 12.4% in 2013 and 2012 due to the reasons noted above.
other (income) expense, net.  other (income) expense, net in 2012 includes a $60.8 million gain on the sale of our investment in ollie's holdings, inc.
income taxes.  our effective tax rate was 37.5% in 2013 compared to 36.7% in 2012. the rate increase is the result of statute expirations and the settlement of state tax audits in 2012.
liquidity and capital resources our business requires capital to build and open new stores, expand our distribution network and operate and expand existing stores.  our working capital requirements for existing stores are seasonal and usually reach their peak in september and october.  historically, we have satisfied our seasonal working capital requirements for existing stores and have funded our store opening and distribution network expansion programs from internally generated funds and borrowings under our credit facilities.
the following table compares cash-flow related information for the years ended january 31, 2015, february 1, 2014 and february 2, 2013:
year ended january 31,           february 1,           february 2,
(in millions)                     2015                  2014                  2013
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                     $926.8                $794.1                $678.3
investing activities                     (315.0     )          (325.0     )          (261.9     )
financing activities                      (14.6     )          (597.8     )          (303.4     )
net cash provided by operating activities increased $132.7 million in 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to an increase in accrued expenditures related to the family dollar acquisition and a decrease in cash used to purchase merchandise inventories.
29
net cash provided by operating activities increased $115.8 million in 2013 compared to 2012 due to a decrease in cash used for prepaid rent and purchasing merchandise inventory partially offset by a decrease in income taxes payable.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $10.0 million in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to reduced capital expenditures, increased proceeds on fixed asset dispositions and reduced purchases of restricted investments.
net cash used in investing activities increased $63.1 million in 2013 primarily due to the impact from $62.3 million in proceeds from the sale of the investment in ollie's holdings, inc. in 2012.
in 2014, net cash used in financing activities decreased $583.2 million compared to 2013 primarily due to $1.1 billion of share repurchases and the repayment of $250.0 million in long-term debt in 2013 partially offset by the issuance of the $750.0 million of senior notes in 2013.
in 2013, net cash used in financing activities increased $294.4 million as a result of an increase in share repurchases in 2013 and the repayment of the $250.0 million outstanding on the revolving credit facility partially offset by $750.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes.
at january 31, 2015, our long-term borrowings were $757.0 million.  we also have $110.0 million, $100.0 million and $20.0 million letter of credit reimbursement and security agreements, under which approximately $162.9 million were committed to letters of credit issued for routine purchases of imported merchandise at january 31, 2015.
in september 2013, we entered into a note purchase agreement with institutional accredited investors in which we issued and sold $750.0 million of senior notes (the "notes") in an offering exempt from the registration requirements of the securities act of 1933. the notes consist of three tranches: $300.0 million of 4.03% senior notes due september 16, 2020; $350.0 million of 4.63% senior notes due september 16, 2023; and $100.0 million of 4.78% senior notes due september 16, 2025. interest on the notes is payable semi-annually on january 15 and july 15 of each year. the notes are unsecured and rank pari passu in right of repayment with our other senior unsecured indebtedness. we may prepay some or all of the notes at any time in an amount not less than 5% of the original aggregate principal amount of the notes to be prepaid, at a price equal to the sum of (a) 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, and (b) the applicable make-whole amount. in the event of a change in control (as defined in the note purchase agreement), we may be required to prepay the notes. the note purchase agreement contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants. we used the net proceeds of the notes to finance share repurchases.
on january 20, 2015, we entered into the first amendment (the " notes amendment") to the note purchase agreement,with a majority of the noteholders party thereto. the notes amendment was entered into in connection with our pending acquisition (the "acquisition") of family dollar stores, inc. ("family dollar"). the notes amendment will, among other things, allow a newly-formed subsidiary of dollar tree to issue debt and hold the proceeds in escrow pending consummation of the acquisition (such debt, the "escrow debt"). pursuant to the terms of the notes amendment, in certain circumstances the amount of interest due on the notes may increase by 1.0% per annum. the notes amendment also contains certain negative covenants and other restrictions applicable during the period in which any escrow debt is outstanding. upon closing of the acquisition, we expect to fully repay the notes which will result in the repayment of the $750.0 million outstanding and the payment of approximately $121.2 million of prepayment fees.
in june 2012, we entered into a five-year $750.0 million unsecured credit agreement (the agreement).  the agreement provides for a $750.0 million revolving line of credit, including up to $150.0 million in available letters of credit.  the interest rate on the agreement is based, at our option, on a libor rate, plus a margin, or an alternate base rate, plus a margin.  the agreement also bears a facilities fee, calculated as a percentage, as defined, of the amount available under the line of credit, payable quarterly. the agreement also bears an administrative fee payable annually.  the agreement, among other things, requires the maintenance of certain specified financial ratios, restricts the payment of certain distributions and prohibits the incurrence of certain new indebtedness.  as of january 31, 2015, no amount was outstanding under the $750.0 million revolving line of credit.
in september 2013, we amended the agreement to enable the issuance of the notes.
on august 15, 2014, we entered into an amendment (the "credit amendment") to the agreement. the credit amendment further amends the agreement to facilitate the issuance and/or borrowings of certain third-party debt financing that we may use to finance the acquisition. the credit amendment also facilitates escrow arrangements related to the acquisition.
on february 23, 2015, our wholly owned subsidiary completed the offering of $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.250% senior notes due 2020 (the "2020 notes") and $2,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.750% senior notes
30
due 2023 (the "2023 notes", and together with the 2020 notes, the "acquisition notes"). the acquisition notes were offered only to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on rule 144a under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), and outside the united states, only to non-u.s. investors pursuant to regulation s under the securities act. the acquisition notes have not been registered under the securities act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the united states absent an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from registration requirements or a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the securities act or any state securities laws.
we expect to use the proceeds of the acquisition notes to finance in part the acquisition. the proceeds of the 2020 notes and the 2023 notes will be held in, and secured by liens on, separate escrow accounts with u.s. bank national association, as escrow agent (the "escrow agent"), pending consummation of the acquisition. we expect that, in connection with the consummation of the acquisition, our wholly owned subsidiary that issued the acquisition notes will merge with and into us, we will assume the obligations in respect of the acquisition notes, and the acquisition notes will be jointly and severally guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis, subject to certain exceptions, by each of our subsidiaries that guarantees the obligations under our new senior secured credit facilities or certain other indebtedness, including family dollar and certain of its subsidiaries.
the 2020 notes, which mature on march 1, 2020, were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of february 23, 2015, with u.s. bank national association, as trustee (the "2020 notes indenture"). the 2023 notes, which mature on march 1, 2023, were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of february 23, 2015, with u.s. bank national association, as trustee (the "2023 notes indenture", and together with the 2020 notes indenture, the "indentures").
the indentures provide that if the acquisition is not consummated before august 28, 2015, if the escrow agent has not received certain additional monthly deposits by certain dates, or upon the occurrence of certain other events, the acquisition notes will be subject to a special mandatory redemption at a price of 100% of the gross proceeds of the acquisition notes offered, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
interest on the acquisition notes is due semiannually on march 1 and september 1 of each year, commencing on september 1, 2015. no principal is due on the acquisition notes within five years and annual interest is expected to be approximately $183.1 million.
the indentures contain covenants that, from and after the date of the acquisition, will limit our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions: (i) incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness; (ii) declare or pay dividends or make other distributions with respect to, or purchase or otherwise acquire or retire for value, equity interests; (iii) make any principal payment on, or redeem or repurchase, subordinated debt; (iv) make loans, advances or other investments; (v) incur liens; (vi) sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries; (vii) consolidate or merge with or into, or sell all or substantially all assets to, another person; and (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates. the indentures also provide for certain events of default, which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding acquisition notes under the applicable indenture to be declared immediately due and payable.
on march 9, 2015, our wholly owned subsidiary entered into a credit agreement, with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, providing for $6,200 million in senior secured credit facilities (the "new senior secured credit facilities") consisting of a $1,250 million revolving credit facility (the "new revolving credit facility") and $4,950 million of term loan facilities (the "new term loan facilities"). the new term loan facilities consist of a $1,000 million term loan a tranche and a $3,950 million term loan b tranche. the new revolving credit facility and the borrowings under the term loan a tranche will mature five years after the closing of the acquisition, unless any of the 2020 notes remain outstanding as of 91 days prior to their stated maturity, in which case the new revolving credit facility and the borrowings under the term loan a tranche will mature at such time. the borrowings under the term loan b tranche will mature seven years after the closing of the acquisition. annual interest expense on the new term loan facilities is expected to approximate $197.6 million.
the proceeds of the borrowings under the term loan b tranche were deposited in an escrow account (separate from the escrow accounts related to the acquisition notes) and will be held in escrow prior to the closing of the acquisition. upon the consummation of the acquisition, we will become the borrower under the new senior secured credit facilities and will draw the term loans under the term loan a facility and will have the ability to borrow under the new revolving credit facility.
the new senior secured credit facilities will not be guaranteed by us or any of our subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the acquisition, but upon consummation of the acquisition the new senior secured credit facilities will be guaranteed by certain of our direct or indirect wholly owned u.s. subsidiaries, including family dollar and certain of its subsidiaries (collectively, the "credit agreement guarantors"). upon the consummation of the acquisition, we expect the new
31
senior secured credit facilities will be secured by a security interest in substantially all the assets of dollar tree and the credit agreement guarantors, subject to certain exceptions.
the loans under the term loan a tranche and the new revolving credit facility will bear interest at libor plus 2.25% per annum (or a base rate plus 1.25%), and the term loan b tranche of the new senior secured credit facilities will bear interest at libor plus 3.50% per annum (or a base rate plus 2.50%). the term loan b tranche will be subject to a "libor floor" of 0.75%. the term loan a tranche of the new term loan facilities will require quarterly amortization payments of 1.25% of the original principal amount thereof in the first year following the consummation of the acquisition, 2.5% of the original principal amount thereof in the second year following the acquisition, and 3.75% of the original principal amount thereof thereafter and the term loan b tranche requires quarterly amortization payments of 0.25% of the original principal amount thereof after the closing of the acquisition. the new term loan facilities also require mandatory prepayments in connection with certain asset sales and out of excess cash flow, among other things, and subject in each case to certain significant exceptions. we expect to pay certain commitment fees in connection with the new revolving credit facility. additionally, the term loan b tranche of the new term loan facilities will require us to pay a 1.00% prepayment fee if the loans thereunder are subject to certain "repricing" transactions before march 9, 2016.
the new senior secured credit facilities contain representations and warranties, events of default and affirmative and negative covenants that apply, in certain circumstances, before and after the closing of the acquisition and are customary for similar financings. these include, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions, restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends, repay the acquisition notes, create liens, incur additional indebtedness, make investments, dispose of assets and merge or consolidate with any other person. in addition, a financial maintenance covenant based on our consolidated first lien secured net leverage ratio will apply to the new revolving credit facility and the term loan a tranche of the new term loan facilities after the closing of the acquisition.
historically we have used cash to repurchase shares but we did not repurchase any shares in fiscal 2014.  we repurchased 17.4 million shares for $1,112.1 million in fiscal 2013.  we repurchased 8.1 million shares for $340.2 million in fiscal 2012.  at january 31, 2015, we have $1.0 billion remaining under board repurchase authorization.
funding requirements overview, including off-balance sheet arrangements we expect our cash needs for opening new stores and expanding existing stores in fiscal 2015 to total approximately $290.7 million, which includes capital expenditures, initial inventory and pre-opening costs.
our estimated capital expenditures for fiscal 2015 are between $465.0 million and $475.0 million, including planned expenditures for our new and expanded stores, the addition of freezers and coolers to approximately 320 stores, the initial phases of work on our eleventh distribution center and the expansion of our olive branch, mississippi distribution center.  we believe that we can adequately fund our working capital requirements and planned capital expenditures for the next few years from net cash provided by operations and potential borrowings under our existing credit facility.
the following tables summarize our material contractual obligations at january 31, 2015, including both on- and off-balance sheet arrangements, and our commitments, including interest on long-term borrowings (in millions):
contractual obligations                      total            2015            2016            2017            2018            2019          thereafter lease financing operating lease obligations           $2,622.5          $558.6          $521.8          $469.8          $335.7          $244.1            $492.5
long-term borrowings senior notes                             750.0               -               -               -               -               -             750.0
forgivable promissory note                 7.0               -               -             0.2             1.4             1.4               4.0
interest on long-term borrowings         261.6            33.1            33.1            33.1            33.1            33.1              96.1
total obligations                     $3,641.1          $591.7          $554.9          $503.1          $370.2          $278.6          $1,342.6
32
commitments                                  total        expiring in 2015        expiring in 2016   expiring in 2017        expiring in 2018        expiring in 2019        thereafter letters of credit and surety bonds      $179.0              $178.8                    $0.2           $-                      $-                      $-                      $-
technology assets                         13.5                13.5                       -           -                       -                       -                       -
telecommunication contracts               16.8                 7.1                     7.1                     2.6           -                       -                       -
total commitments                       $209.3              $199.4                    $7.3           $2.6                    $-                      $-                      $-
lease financing operating lease obligations.  our operating lease obligations are primarily for payments under noncancelable store leases.  the commitment includes amounts for leases that were signed prior to january 31, 2015 for stores that were not yet open on january 31, 2015.
long-term borrowings senior notes. in september 2013, we entered into a note purchase agreement with institutional accredited investors in which we issued and sold $750.0 million of senior notes (the "notes") in an offering exempt from the registration requirements of the securities act of 1933. the notes consist of three tranches: $300.0 million of 4.03% senior notes due september 16, 2020; $350.0 million of 4.63% senior notes due september 16, 2023; and $100.0 million of 4.78% senior notes due september 16, 2025. interest on the notes is payable semi-annually on january 15 and july 15 of each year. for complete terms of the notes please see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, "note 5 - long-term debt" beginning on page 54 of this form 10-k.
demand revenue bonds.  in may 1998, we entered into an agreement with the mississippi business finance corporation under which it issued $19.0 million of variable-rate demand revenue bonds.  we used the proceeds from the bonds to finance the acquisition, construction and installation of land, buildings, machinery and equipment for our distribution facility in olive branch, mississippi.  the bonds did not have a prepayment penalty as long as the interest rate remained variable.  the bonds contained a demand provision and, therefore, outstanding amounts were classified as current liabilities.  in 2014, we repaid the $12.8 million outstanding under the demand revenue bonds and the debt was retired.
forgivable promissory note. in 2012, we entered into a promissory note with the state of connecticut under which the state loaned us $7.0 million in connection with our acquisition, construction and installation of land, building, machinery and equipment for our distribution facility in windsor, connecticut. if certain performance targets are met, the loan and any accrued interest will be forgiven in fiscal 2017. if the performance targets are not met, the loan and accrued interest must be repaid over a five-year period beginning in fiscal 2017.
interest on long-term borrowings.  these amounts represent interest payments on the notes, and forgivable promissory note using the interest rates for each at january 31, 2015.
commitments letters of credit and surety bonds.  we are a party to three letter of credit reimbursement and security agreements providing $110.0 million, $100.0 million and $20.0 million, respectively for letters of credit.  letters of credit are generally issued for the routine purchase of imported merchandise and we had approximately $162.9 million of purchases committed under these letters of credit at january 31, 2015.
we also have approximately $11.9 million of letters of credit outstanding for our self-insurance programs and $4.2 million of surety bonds outstanding primarily for certain utility payment obligations at some of our stores.
technology assets.  we have commitments totaling approximately $13.4 million to primarily purchase store technology assets and maintenance for our stores during 2015.
telecommunication contracts.  we have contracted for telecommunication services with contracts expiring in 2017.  the total amount of these commitments is approximately $16.8 million.
derivative financial instruments in 2014 and 2013, we were party to fuel derivative contracts with third parties which included approximately 1.6 million and 2.8 million gallons of diesel fuel, or approximately 10% and 20% of our domestic truckload fuel needs, respectively.  these derivative contracts did not qualify for hedge accounting and therefore all changes in fair value for these derivatives are included in earnings.  we currently have fuel derivate contracts to hedge 6.6 million gallons of diesel fuel, or approximately 40% of our domestic truckload fuel needs from february 2015 through january 2016.
33
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates.  certain of our estimates require a high level of judgment and have the potential to have a material effect on the financial statements if actual results vary significantly from those estimates.  following is a discussion of the estimates that we consider critical.
inventory valuation as discussed in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, "note 1 - summary of significant account policies" under the caption "merchandise inventories" beginning on page 44 of this form 10-k, inventories at the distribution centers are stated at the lower of cost or market with cost determined on a weighted-average basis.  cost is assigned to store inventories using the retail inventory method on a weighted-average basis.  under the retail inventory method, the valuation of inventories at cost and the resulting gross margins are computed by applying a calculated cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of inventories.  the retail inventory method is an averaging method that is widely used in the retail industry and results in valuing inventories at lower of cost or market when markdowns are taken as a reduction of the retail value of inventories on a timely basis.
inventory valuation methods require certain significant management estimates and judgments, including estimates of future merchandise markdowns and shrink, which significantly affect the ending inventory valuation at cost as well as the resulting gross margins.  the averaging required in applying the retail inventory method and the estimates of shrink and markdowns could, under certain circumstances, result in costs not being recorded in the proper period.
we estimate our markdown reserve based on the consideration of a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, quantities of slow moving or seasonal, carryover merchandise on hand, historical markdown statistics and future merchandising plans.  the accuracy of our estimates can be affected by many factors, some of which are outside of our control, including changes in economic conditions and consumer buying trends.  historically, we have not experienced significant differences in our estimated reserve for markdowns compared with actual results.
our accrual for shrink is based on the actual, historical shrink results of our most recent physical inventories adjusted, if necessary, for current economic conditions and business trends.  these estimates are compared to actual results as physical inventory counts are taken and reconciled to the general ledger.  our physical inventory counts are generally taken between january and september of each year; therefore, the shrink accrual recorded at january 31, 2015 is based on estimated shrink for most of 2014, including the fourth quarter.  we have not experienced significant fluctuations in historical shrink rates beyond approximately 10-20 basis points in our dollar tree stores for the last few years.  however, we have sometimes experienced higher than typical shrink in acquired stores in the year following an acquisition.  we periodically adjust our shrink estimates to address these factors as they become apparent.
our management believes that our application of the retail inventory method results in an inventory valuation that reasonably approximates cost and results in carrying inventory at the lower of cost or market each year on a consistent basis.
accrued expenses on a monthly basis, we estimate certain expenses in an effort to record those expenses in the period incurred.  certain expenses, such as legal reserves, require a high degree of judgment and our most material estimates include domestic freight expenses, self-insurance costs, store-level operating expenses, such as property taxes and utilities, and certain other expenses.
we are involved in numerous legal proceedings and claims. our accruals, if any, related to these proceedings and claims are based on a determination of whether or not the loss is both probable and estimable. we review outstanding matters with external counsel to assess the probability of an unfavorable outcome and estimates of loss. we re-evaluate outstanding proceedings and claims each quarter or as new and significant information becomes available, and we adjust or establish accruals, if necessary. our legal proceedings are described in "note 4 - commitments and contingencies" under the caption "contingencies" beginning on page 51 of this form 10-k included in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
our freight and store-level operating expenses are estimated based on current activity and historical trends and results.  our workers' compensation, general liability and health insurance accruals are recorded based on actuarial valuations which are adjusted at least annually based on a review performed by a third-party actuary.  for our workers' compensation and general liability accruals, these actuarial valuations are estimates based on our historical loss development factors. for our health insurance accrual, the actuary provides an estimate based on historical claims and claim payment timing. certain other expenses are estimated and recorded in the periods that management becomes aware of them.  the related accruals are adjusted as management's estimates change.
34
differences in management's estimates and assumptions could result in accruals which are materially different from the calculated accruals.  our experience has been that some of our estimates are too high and others are too low.  historically, the net total of these differences has not had a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
income taxes on a quarterly basis, we estimate our required income tax liability and assess the recoverability of our deferred tax assets.  our income taxes payable are estimated based on enacted tax rates, including estimated tax rates in states where our store base is growing, applied to the income expected to be taxed currently.  management assesses the recoverability of deferred tax assets based on the availability of carrybacks of future deductible amounts and management's projections for future taxable income.  we cannot guarantee that we will generate taxable income in future years.  historically, we have not experienced significant differences in our estimates of our tax accrual.
in addition, we have a recorded liability for our estimate of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns.  judgment is required in evaluating the application of federal and state tax laws, including relevant case law, and assessing whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained on examination and, if so, judgment is also required as to the measurement of the amount of tax benefit that will be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority.  income tax expense is adjusted in the period in which new information about a tax position becomes available or the final outcome differs from the amounts recorded.  we believe that our liability for uncertain tax positions is adequate.  for further discussion of our changes in reserves during 2014, see item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data - note 3 to the consolidated financial statements" beginning on page 48 of this form 10-k.
seasonality and quarterly fluctuations we experience seasonal fluctuations in our net sales, comparable store net sales, operating income and net income and expect this trend to continue.  our results of operations may also fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, including:
•   shifts in the timing of certain holidays, especially easter;
•   the timing of new store openings;
•   the net sales contributed by new stores;
•   changes in our merchandise mix; and
•   competition.
our highest sales periods are the christmas and easter seasons.  easter was observed on march 31, 2013 and on april 20, 2014, and will be observed on april 5, 2015.  we believe that the earlier easter in 2015 could result in a $8.0 million decrease in sales in the first quarter of 2015 as compared to the first quarter of 2014.  we generally realize a disproportionate amount of our net sales and of our operating and net income during the fourth quarter.  in anticipation of increased sales activity during these months, we purchase substantial amounts of inventory and hire a significant number of temporary employees to supplement our continuing store staff.  our operating results, particularly operating and net income, could suffer if our net sales were below seasonal norms during the fourth quarter or during the easter season for any reason, including merchandise delivery delays due to receiving or distribution problems, changes in consumer sentiment or inclement weather.
our unaudited results of operations for the eight most recent quarters are shown in a table in note 12 of the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
inflation and other economic factors our ability to provide quality merchandise at a fixed price and on a profitable basis may be subject to economic factors and influences that we cannot control.  consumer spending could decline because of economic pressures, including unemployment and rising fuel prices.  reductions in consumer confidence and spending could have an adverse effect on our sales.  national or international events, including war or terrorism, could lead to disruptions in economies in the united states or in foreign countries.  these and other factors could increase our merchandise costs, fuel costs and other costs that are critical to our operations, such as shipping and wage rates.
shipping costs.  trans-pacific shipping rates are negotiated with individual freight lines and are subject to fluctuation based on shipping industry market conditions and fuel costs.  we can give no assurances as to the final rate trends for 2015, as we are in the early stages of our negotiations.
minimum wage. multiple states and local jurisdictions passed legislation that increase their minimum wages in 2015 and 2016 and the federal government has made indications that it may consider increasing the federal minimum wage. as a result,
35
we believe our expenses could increase unless we are able to offset the increase in payroll costs by operating more effectively or efficiently.
