item 1a. risk factors our business and operations are subject to many risks. the risks described below may not be the only risks we face, as our business and operations may also be subject to risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial. if any of the events or circumstances described below actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our common stock could decline. the following risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information contained herein, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. unless the context requires otherwise, "we," "us," "our" and "eog" refer to eog resources, inc. and its subsidiaries.
a substantial or extended decline in crude oil and/or natural gas prices could have a material and adverse effect on us.
prices for crude oil and natural gas (including prices for natural gas liquids (ngl) and condensate) fluctuate widely. among the factors that can or could cause these price fluctuations are:
•   the level of consumer demand;
•   domestic and worldwide supplies of crude oil, ngl and natural gas;
•   the price and quantity of imported and exported crude oil, ngl and natural gas;
•   domestic and international drilling activity;
•   the actions of other crude oil exporting nations, including the organization of petroleum exporting countries;
•   weather conditions and changes in weather patterns;
•   the availability, proximity and capacity of appropriate transportation facilities, gathering, processing and compression facilities and refining facilities;
•   worldwide economic and political conditions, including political instability or armed conflict in oil and gas producing regions;
•   the price and availability of, and demand for, competing energy sources, including alternative energy sources;
•   the nature and extent of governmental regulation, including environmental regulation, regulation of derivatives transactions and hedging activities, tax laws and regulations and laws and regulations with respect to the import and export of crude oil, natural gas and related commodities;
•   the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including trading by commodity price speculators and others; and
•   the effect of worldwide energy conservation measures.
our cash flows and results of operations depend to a great extent on the prevailing prices for crude oil and natural gas. prolonged or substantial declines in crude oil and/or natural gas prices may materially and adversely affect our liquidity, the amount of cash flows we have available for our capital expenditures and other operating expenses, our ability to access the credit and capital markets and our results of operations.
lower crude oil and/or natural gas prices may also reduce the amount of crude oil and/or natural gas that we can produce economically. substantial declines in crude oil and/or natural gas prices may render uneconomic a significant portion of our exploration, development and exploitation projects, which may result in our having to make significant downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. as a result, a prolonged or substantial decline in crude oil and/or natural gas prices may materially and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to finance capital expenditures and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock.
in addition, if we expect or experience significant sustained decreases in crude oil and natural gas prices such that the expected future cash flows from our crude oil and natural gas properties falls below the net book value of our properties, we may be required to write down the value of our crude oil and natural gas properties. any such asset impairments could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock.
drilling crude oil and natural gas wells is a high-risk activity and subjects us to a variety of risks that we cannot control.
drilling crude oil and natural gas wells, including development wells, involves numerous risks, including the risk that we may not encounter commercially productive crude oil and natural gas reserves (including "dry holes"). as a result, we may not recover all or any portion of our investment in new wells.
13
specifically, we often are uncertain as to the future cost or timing of drilling, completing and operating wells, and our drilling operations and those of our third-party operators may be curtailed, delayed or canceled, the cost of such operations may increase and/or our results of operations and cash flows from such operations may be impacted, as a result of a variety of factors, including:
•   unexpected drilling conditions;
•   title problems;
•   pressure or irregularities in formations;
•   equipment failures or accidents;
•   adverse weather conditions, such as winter storms, flooding and hurricanes, and changes in weather patterns;
•   compliance with, or changes in, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations relating to air emissions, hydraulic fracturing, access to and use of water, and disposal of produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes, laws and regulations imposing conditions or restrictions on drilling and completion operations and on the transportation of crude oil and natural gas, and other laws and regulations, such as tax laws and regulations;
•   the availability and timely issuance of required federal, state, tribal and other permits and licenses, which may be affected by (among other things) government shutdowns or other suspensions of, or delays in, government services;
•   the availability of, costs associated with and terms of contractual arrangements for properties, including mineral licenses and leases, pipelines, rail cars, crude oil hauling trucks and qualified drivers and facilities and equipment to gather, process, compress, transport and market crude oil, natural gas and related commodities; and
•   the costs of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, hydraulic fracturing services, pressure pumping equipment and supplies, tubular materials, water, sand, disposal facilities, qualified personnel and other necessary facilities, equipment, materials, supplies and services.
our failure to recover our investment in wells, increases in the costs of our drilling operations or those of our third-party operators, and/or curtailments, delays or cancellations of our drilling operations or those of our third-party operators in each case due to any of the above factors or other factors, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for related discussion of the risks and potential losses and liabilities inherent in our crude oil and natural gas operations generally, see the immediately following risk factor.
our crude oil and natural gas operations and supporting activities and operations involve many risks and expose us to potential losses and liabilities, and insurance may not fully protect us against these risks and potential losses and liabilities.
our crude oil and natural gas operations and supporting activities and operations are subject to all of the risks associated with exploring and drilling for, and producing, gathering, processing, compressing and transporting, crude oil and natural gas, including the risks of:
•   well blowouts and cratering;
•   loss of well control;
•   crude oil spills, natural gas leaks and pipeline ruptures;
•   pipe failures and casing collapses;
•   uncontrollable flows of crude oil, natural gas, formation water or drilling fluids;
•   releases of chemicals, wastes or pollutants;
•   adverse weather conditions, such as winter storms, flooding and hurricanes, and other natural disasters;
•   fires and explosions;
•   terrorism, vandalism and physical, electronic and cyber security breaches;
•   formations with abnormal or unexpected pressures;
•   leaks or spills in connection with, or associated with, the gathering, processing, compression and transportation of crude oil and natural gas; and
•   malfunctions of, or damage to, gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment and other facilities and equipment utilized in support of our crude oil and natural gas operations.
if any of these events occur, we could incur losses, liabilities and other additional costs as a result of:
•   injury or loss of life;
•   damage to, or destruction of, property, facilities, equipment and crude oil and natural gas reservoirs;
•   pollution or other environmental damage;
•   regulatory investigations and penalties as well as clean-up and remediation responsibilities and costs;
•   suspension or interruption of our operations, including due to injunction;
•   repairs necessary to resume operations; and
•   compliance with laws and regulations enacted as a result of such events.
14
we maintain insurance against many, but not all, such losses and liabilities in accordance with what we believe are customary industry practices and in amounts and at costs that we believe to be prudent and commercially practicable. the occurrence of any of these events and any losses or liabilities incurred as a result of such events, if uninsured or in excess of our insurance coverage, would reduce the funds available to us for our onshore and offshore operations and could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our ability to sell and deliver our crude oil and natural gas production could be materially and adversely affected if adequate gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment are unavailable.
the sale of our crude oil and natural gas production depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the availability, proximity and capacity of, and costs associated with, gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment owned by third parties. these facilities may be temporarily unavailable to us due to market conditions, regulatory reasons, mechanical reasons or other factors or conditions, and may not be available to us in the future on terms we consider acceptable, if at all. in particular, in certain newer plays, the capacity of gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment may not be sufficient to accommodate potential production from existing and new wells. in addition, lack of financing, construction and permitting delays, permitting costs and regulatory or other constraints could limit or delay the construction, manufacture or other acquisition of new gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment by third parties or us, and we may experience delays or increased costs in accessing the pipelines, gathering systems or rail systems necessary to transport our production to points of sale or delivery.
any significant change in market or other conditions affecting gathering, processing, compression or transportation facilities and equipment or the availability of these facilities, including due to our failure or inability to obtain access to these facilities and equipment on terms acceptable to us or at all, could materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to acquire or find sufficient additional reserves over time, our reserves and production will decline from their current levels.
the rate of production from crude oil and natural gas properties generally declines as reserves are produced. except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration, exploitation and development activities, acquire additional properties containing reserves or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, our reserves will decline as they are produced. maintaining our production of crude oil and natural gas at, or increasing our production from, current levels, is, therefore, highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves. to the extent we are unsuccessful in acquiring or finding additional reserves, our future cash flows and results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected.
we incur certain costs to comply with government regulations, particularly regulations relating to environmental protection and safety, and could incur even greater costs in the future.
our crude oil and natural gas operations and supporting activities are regulated extensively by federal, state, tribal and local governments and regulatory agencies, both domestically and in the foreign countries in which we do business, and are subject to interruption or termination by governmental and regulatory authorities based on environmental, health, safety or other considerations. moreover, we have incurred and will continue to incur costs in our efforts to comply with the requirements of environmental, health, safety and other regulations. further, the regulatory environment could change in ways that we cannot predict and that might substantially increase our costs of compliance and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
specifically, as a current or past owner or lessee and operator of crude oil and natural gas properties, we are subject to various federal, state, tribal, local and foreign regulations relating to the discharge of materials into, and the protection of, the environment. these regulations may, among other things, impose liability on us for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from current or past operations, subject us to liability for pollution damages and require suspension or cessation of operations in affected areas. moreover, we are subject to the united states (u.s.) environmental protection agency's (u.s. epa) rule requiring annual reporting of greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions. changes in, or additions to, these regulations could lead to increased operating and compliance costs and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
local, state, national and international regulatory bodies have been increasingly focused on ghg emissions and climate change issues in recent years. eog is unable to predict the timing, scope and effect of any currently proposed or future laws,
15
regulations or treaties regarding climate change and ghg emissions, but the direct and indirect costs of such laws, regulations and treaties (if enacted) could materially and adversely affect eog's operations, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, there have been various proposals to regulate hydraulic fracturing in the u.s. at the federal level. currently, the regulation of hydraulic fracturing in the u.s. is primarily conducted at the state level through permitting and other compliance requirements. any new federal regulations that may be imposed on hydraulic fracturing could result in additional permitting and disclosure requirements and in additional operating restrictions. moreover, some state and local governments have imposed or have considered imposing various conditions and restrictions on drilling and completion operations. any such federal or state requirements, restrictions or conditions could lead to operational delays and increased operating and compliance costs and, moreover, could delay or effectively prevent the development of crude oil and natural gas from formations which would not be economically viable without the use of hydraulic fracturing. accordingly, our production of crude oil and natural gas could be materially and adversely affected. for additional discussion regarding climate change regulation and hydraulic fracturing regulation, see climate change - united states and hydraulic fracturing - united states under item 1. business - regulation.
we will continue to monitor and assess any proposed or new policies, legislation, regulations and treaties in the areas where we operate to determine the impact on our operations and take appropriate actions, where necessary. we are unable to predict the timing, scope and effect of any currently proposed or future laws, regulations or treaties, but the direct and indirect costs of such laws, regulations and treaties (if enacted) could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. for related discussion, see the risk factor below regarding the provisions of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act with respect to regulation of derivatives transactions and entities (such as eog) that participate in such transactions.
certain u.s. federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to crude oil and natural gas exploration and production may be eliminated as a result of future legislation.
legislation may be proposed that would, if enacted into law, make significant changes to u.s. tax laws, including the elimination of certain u.s. federal income tax incentives currently available to crude oil and natural gas exploration and production companies. such changes may include, but not be limited to, the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs. it is unclear whether such changes or similar changes will be proposed and, if enacted, how soon any such changes would become effective. the enactment of such changes or any other similar changes in u.s. federal income tax laws could materially and adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
a portion of our crude oil and natural gas production may be subject to interruptions that could have a material and adverse effect on us.
a portion of our crude oil and natural gas production may be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for various reasons, including, but not limited to, as a result of accidents, weather conditions, the unavailability of gathering, processing, compression, transportation or refining facilities or equipment or field labor issues, or intentionally as a result of market conditions such as crude oil or natural gas prices that we deem uneconomic. if a substantial amount of our production is interrupted or shut in, our cash flows and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we have limited control over the activities on properties we do not operate.
some of the properties in which we have an interest are operated by other companies and involve third-party working interest owners. as a result, we have limited ability to influence or control the operation or future development of such properties, including compliance with environmental, safety and other regulations, or the amount of capital expenditures that we will be required to fund with respect to such properties. moreover, we are dependent on the other working interest owners of such projects to fund their contractual share of the capital expenditures of such projects. in addition, a third-party operator could also decide to shut-in or curtail production from wells, or plug and abandon marginal wells, on properties owned by that operator during periods of lower crude oil or natural gas prices. these limitations and our dependence on the operator and third-party working interest owners for these projects could cause us to incur unexpected future costs, lower production and materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
if we acquire crude oil and natural gas properties, our failure to fully identify existing and potential problems, to accurately estimate reserves, production rates or costs, or to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we seek to acquire crude oil and natural gas properties. although we perform reviews of properties to be acquired in a manner that we believe is duly diligent and consistent with industry practices, reviews of records and properties
16
may not necessarily reveal existing or potential problems (such as title or environmental issues), nor may they permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties in order to assess fully their deficiencies and potential. even when problems with a property are identified, we often may assume environmental and other risks and liabilities in connection with acquired properties pursuant to the acquisition agreements. in addition, there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of crude oil and natural gas reserves (as discussed further below), actual future production rates and associated costs with respect to acquired properties. actual reserves, production rates and costs may vary substantially from those assumed in our estimates. in addition, an acquisition may have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations, particularly during the periods in which the operations of the acquired properties are being integrated into our ongoing operations or if we are unable to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our ongoing operations.
we have substantial capital requirements, and we may be unable to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms, if at all.
we make, and will continue to make, substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition, exploration, development, production and transportation of crude oil and natural gas reserves. we intend to finance our capital expenditures primarily through our cash flows from operations, commercial paper borrowings, sales of non-core assets and borrowings under other uncommitted credit facilities and, to a lesser extent and if and as necessary, bank borrowings, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and public and private equity and debt offerings.
lower crude oil and natural gas prices, however, reduce our cash flows. further, if the condition of the credit and capital markets materially declines, we might not be able to obtain financing on terms we consider acceptable, if at all. in addition, weakness and/or volatility in domestic and global financial markets or economic conditions may increase the interest rates that lenders and commercial paper investors require us to pay and adversely affect our ability to finance our capital expenditures through equity or debt offerings or other borrowings. a reduction in our cash flows (for example, as a result of lower crude oil and natural gas prices or unanticipated well shut-ins) and the corresponding adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations may also increase the interest rates that lenders and commercial paper investors require us to pay. in addition, a substantial increase in interest rates would decrease our net cash flows available for reinvestment. any of these factors could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the inability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us may have a material and adverse effect on us.
we have various customers for the crude oil, natural gas and related commodities that we produce as well as various other contractual counterparties, including several financial institutions and affiliates of financial institutions. domestic and global economic conditions, including the financial condition of financial institutions generally, while weakened in recent years, have improved somewhat. however, there continues to be weakness and volatility in domestic and global financial markets, and there is the possibility that lenders may react by tightening credit. these conditions and factors may adversely affect the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to pay amounts owed to us from time to time and to otherwise satisfy their contractual obligations to us, as well as their ability to access the credit and capital markets for such purposes.
moreover, our customers and other contractual counterparties may be unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us for reasons unrelated to these conditions and factors, such as the unavailability of required facilities or equipment due to mechanical failure or market conditions. furthermore, if a customer is unable to satisfy its contractual obligation to purchase crude oil, natural gas or related commodities from us, we may be unable to sell such production to another customer on terms we consider acceptable, if at all, due to the geographic location of such production, the availability, proximity or capacity of gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities or market or other factors and conditions.
the inability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to pay amounts owed to us and to otherwise satisfy their contractual obligations to us may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
competition in the oil and gas exploration and production industry is intense, and many of our competitors have greater resources than we have.
we compete with major integrated oil and gas companies, government-affiliated oil and gas companies and other independent oil and gas companies for the acquisition of licenses and leases, properties and reserves and access to the facilities, equipment, materials, services and employees and other contract personnel (including geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other specialists) necessary to explore for, develop, produce, market and transport crude oil and natural gas. in addition, many of our competitors have financial and other resources substantially greater than those we possess and have established strategic long-term positions and strong governmental relationships in countries in which we may seek new or expanded entry. as a consequence,
17
we may be at a competitive disadvantage in certain respects, such as in bidding for drilling rights or in accessing necessary services, facilities, equipment, materials and personnel. in addition, many of our larger competitors may have a competitive advantage when responding to factors that affect demand for crude oil and natural gas, such as changing worldwide prices and levels of production and the cost and availability of alternative fuels. we also face competition, to a lesser extent, from competing energy sources, such as alternative energy sources.
reserve estimates depend on many interpretations and assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations and assumptions could cause the reported quantities of our reserves to be materially misstated.
estimating quantities of crude oil, ngl and natural gas reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves is a complex, inexact process. it requires interpretations of available technical data and various assumptions, including assumptions relating to economic factors, made by our management and our independent petroleum consultants. any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations or assumptions could cause the reported quantities of our reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves to be overstated or understated. also, the data for a given reservoir may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors including, but not limited to, additional development activity, evolving production history and continual reassessment of the viability of production under varying economic conditions.
to prepare estimates of our economically recoverable crude oil, ngl and natural gas reserves and future net cash flows from our reserves, we analyze many variable factors, such as historical production from the area compared with production rates from other producing areas. we also analyze available geological, geophysical, production and engineering data, and the extent, quality and reliability of this data can vary. the process also involves economic assumptions relating to commodity prices, production costs, gathering, processing, compression and transportation costs, severance, ad valorem and other applicable taxes, capital expenditures and workover and remedial costs, many of which factors are or may be beyond our control. our actual reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves most likely will vary from our estimates. any significant variance, including any significant revisions or "write-downs" to our existing reserve estimates, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock. for related discussion, see item 2. properties - oil and gas exploration and production - properties and reserves and supplemental information to consolidated financial statements.
weather and climate may have a significant and adverse impact on us.
demand for crude oil and natural gas is, to a significant degree, dependent on weather and climate, which impacts, among other things, the price we receive for the commodities we produce and, in turn, our cash flows and results of operations. for example, relatively warm temperatures during a winter season generally result in relatively lower demand for natural gas (as less natural gas is used to heat residences and businesses) and, as a result, lower prices for natural gas production.
in addition, our exploration, exploitation and development activities and equipment can be adversely affected by extreme weather conditions, such as winter storms, flooding and hurricanes in the gulf of mexico, which may cause a loss of production from temporary cessation of activity or lost or damaged facilities and equipment. such extreme weather conditions could also impact other areas of our operations, including access to our drilling and production facilities for routine operations, maintenance and repairs, the installation and operation of gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and the availability of, and our access to, necessary third-party services, such as gathering, processing, compression and transportation services. such extreme weather conditions and changes in weather patterns may materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.
our hedging activities may prevent us from benefiting fully from increases in crude oil and natural gas prices and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty risk.
we use derivative instruments (primarily financial price swaps, options, swaptions and collar and basis swap contracts) to hedge the impact of fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas prices on our results of operations and cash flows. to the extent that we engage in hedging activities to protect ourselves against commodity price declines, we may be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of increases in crude oil and natural gas prices above the prices established by our hedging contracts. in addition, our hedging activities may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which the counterparties to our hedging contracts fail to perform under the contracts.
18
federal legislation and related regulations regarding derivatives transactions could have a material and adverse impact on our hedging activities.
as discussed in the risk factor immediately above, we use derivative instruments to hedge the impact of fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas prices on our results of operations and cash flows. in 2010, congress adopted the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank act), which, among other matters, provides for federal oversight of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities that participate in that market and mandates that the commodity futures trading commission (cftc) adopt rules or regulations implementing the dodd-frank act and providing definitions of terms used in the dodd-frank act. the dodd-frank act establishes margin requirements and requires clearing and trade execution practices for certain categories of swaps and may result in certain market participants needing to curtail their derivatives activities. although some of the rules necessary to implement the dodd-frank act are yet to be adopted, the cftc has issued numerous rules to implement the dodd-frank act, including a rule establishing an "end-user" exception to mandatory clearing (end-user exception), a proposed rule regarding margin for uncleared swaps (margin rule) and a proposed rule imposing position limits (position limits rule).
we qualify as a "non-financial entity" for purposes of the end-user exception and, as such, we are eligible for, and expect to utilize, such exception. as a result, our hedging activities will not be subject to mandatory clearing or the margin requirements imposed in connection with mandatory clearing. we also qualify as a "non-financial entity" for purposes of the margin rule; therefore, if such rule is adopted, our uncleared swaps will not be subject to regulatory margin requirements. finally, we believe our hedging activities would constitute bona fide hedging under the position limits rule and would not be subject to limitation under such rule if it is enacted. however, many of our hedge counterparties and many other market participants may not be eligible for the end-user exception, may be subject to mandatory clearing or the margin rule for swaps with some or all of their other swap counterparties, and/or may be subject to the position limits rule.
the dodd-frank act and the rules adopted thereunder could increase the cost of derivative contracts, alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against the price risks we encounter, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts, and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. if our use of derivatives is reduced as a result of the dodd-frank act and related regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile, and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund our capital expenditure requirements. any of these consequences could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business and prospects for future success depend to a significant extent upon the continued service and performance of our management team.
our business and prospects for future success, including the successful implementation of our strategies and handling of issues integral to our future success, depend to a significant extent upon the continued service and performance of our management team. the loss of any member of our management team, and our inability to attract, motivate and retain substitute management personnel with comparable experience and skills, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we operate in other countries and, as a result, are subject to certain political, economic and other risks.
our operations in jurisdictions outside the u.s. are subject to various risks inherent in foreign operations. these risks include, among other risks:
•   increases in taxes and governmental royalties;
•   changes in laws and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies;
•   loss of revenue, loss of or damage to equipment, property and other assets and interruption of operations as a result of expropriation, nationalization, acts of terrorism, war, civil unrest and other political risks;
•   unilateral or forced renegotiation, modification or nullification of existing contracts with governmental entities;
•   difficulties enforcing our rights against a governmental agency because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity and foreign sovereignty over international operations; and
•   currency restrictions and exchange rate fluctuations.
our international operations may also be adversely affected by u.s. laws and policies affecting foreign trade and taxation. the realization of any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
19
unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our results of operations.
the reporting currency for our financial statements is the u.s. dollar. however, certain of our subsidiaries are located in countries other than the u.s. and have functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar. the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of certain of these foreign subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate those assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into u.s. dollars at then-applicable exchange rates. consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar versus other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if the amount has not changed in the original currency. these translations could result in changes to our results of operations from period to period. for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2014, approximately 4% of our net operating revenues related to operations of our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency was not the u.s. dollar.
our business could be adversely affected by security threats, including cybersecurity threats.
as a producer of crude oil and natural gas, we face various security threats, including cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to our sensitive information or to render our information or systems unusable, and threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure or third-party facilities and infrastructure, such as gathering and processing facilities, refineries, rail facilities and pipelines. the potential for such security threats subjects our operations to increased risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, unauthorized access to our seismic data, reserves information or other proprietary information could lead to data corruption, communication interruptions, or other disruptions to our operations.
our implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate such security threats and to increase security for our information, systems, facilities and infrastructure may result in increased capital and operating costs. moreover, there can be no assurance that such procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security breaches from occurring. if any of these security breaches were to occur, they could lead to losses of, or damage to, sensitive information or facilities, infrastructure and systems essential to our business and operations, as well as data corruption, communication interruptions or other disruptions to our operations, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
terrorist activities and military and other actions could materially and adversely affect us.
terrorist attacks and the threat of terrorist attacks, whether domestic or foreign, as well as military or other actions taken in response to these acts, could cause instability in the global financial and energy markets. the u.s. government has at times issued public warnings that indicate that energy assets might be specific targets of terrorist organizations. any such actions and the threat of such actions could materially and adversely affect us in unpredictable ways, including the disruption of energy supplies and markets, increased volatility in crude oil and natural gas prices or the possibility that the infrastructure on which we rely could be a direct target or an indirect casualty of an act of terrorism, and, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview eog resources, inc., together with its subsidiaries (collectively, eog), is one of the largest independent (non-integrated) crude oil and natural gas companies in the united states with proved reserves in the united states, canada, trinidad, the united kingdom and china.  eog operates under a consistent business and operational strategy that focuses predominantly on maximizing the rate of return on investment of capital by controlling operating and capital costs and maximizing reserve recoveries.  this strategy is intended to enhance the generation of cash flow and earnings from each unit of production on a cost-effective basis, allowing eog to deliver long-term production growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet.  eog implements its strategy by emphasizing the drilling of internally generated prospects in order to find and develop low-cost reserves.  maintaining the lowest possible operating cost structure that is consistent with prudent and safe operations is also an important goal in the implementation of eog's strategy.
net income for 2014 totaled $2,915 million as compared to $2,197 million for 2013.  at december 31, 2014, eog's total estimated net proved reserves were 2,497 million barrels of oil equivalent (mmboe), an increase of 378 mmboe from december 31, 2013.  during 2014, net proved crude oil and condensate and natural gas liquids (ngl) reserves increased by 329 million barrels (mmbbl), and net proved natural gas reserves increased by 298 billion cubic feet or 50 mmboe.
operations several important developments have occurred since january 1, 2014.
united states and canada.  eog's efforts to identify plays with large reserve potential have proven to be successful.  eog continues to drill numerous wells in large acreage plays, which in the aggregate have contributed substantially to, and are expected to continue to contribute substantially to, eog's crude oil and liquids-rich natural gas production.  eog has placed an emphasis on applying its horizontal drilling and completion expertise to unconventional crude oil and liquids-rich reservoirs.  in 2014, eog remained focused on developing its existing north american crude oil and liquids-rich acreage.  in addition, increasing drilling and completion efficiencies and testing methods to improve the recovery factor of oil-in-place remained areas of emphasis in 2014.  eog continues to evaluate certain potential crude oil and liquids-rich natural gas exploration and development prospects.  on a volumetric basis, as calculated using the ratio of 1.0 barrel of crude oil and condensate or ngl to 6.0 thousand cubic feet of natural gas, crude oil and condensate and ngl production accounted for approximately 69% of total north american production during 2014 compared to 63% in 2013.  this liquids growth primarily reflects increased production from the south texas eagle ford, the north dakota bakken and the permian basin.  in 2014, eog's net eagle ford production averaged 202.7 thousand barrels per day (mbbld) of crude oil and condensate and ngl as compared to 140.9 mbbld in 2013.  eog's major producing areas are in new mexico, north dakota, texas, utah and wyoming.
eog continues to deliver its crude oil to various markets in the united states, including sales points on the gulf coast where sales are based upon the light louisiana sweet crude oil index.  eog's crude-by-rail facilities provide eog the flexibility to direct its crude oil shipments via rail car to the most favorable markets, including the gulf coast, cushing, oklahoma, and other markets.
during the fourth quarter of 2014, eog completed the divestiture of all its assets in manitoba, canada and the majority of its assets in alberta, canada in two separate transactions.  proceeds from the divestitures were approximately 400 million united states dollars, net of customary transaction adjustments. as a result of these transactions, approximately 150 million united states dollars of restricted cash related to future abandonment liabilities was released. the proceeds and cash were utilized for general corporate purposes.  production from the divested assets totaled approximately 7,050 barrels of crude oil per day, 580 barrels of ngl per day and 43.5 million cubic feet of natural gas per day. net proved reserves divested are estimated to be 7.7 million barrels of oil, 0.8 million barrels of ngl and 78.7 billion cubic feet of natural gas. eog divested 1.3 million gross acres (1.1 million net acres), 97 percent of which were in alberta, and approximately 5,800 producing wells of which 5,155 were natural gas. eog reclassified approximately $383 million of accumulated translation adjustments from accumulated other comprehensive income to net income as the divestitures represented a substantially complete liquidation of eog's canadian operations. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
international. in trinidad, eog continued to deliver natural gas under existing supply contracts. several fields in the south east coast consortium (secc) block, modified u(a) block, block 4(a) and modified u(b) block and the emz area have been developed and are producing natural gas which is sold to the national gas company of trinidad and tobago and its subsidiary and crude oil and condensate which is sold to the petroleum company of trinidad and tobago limited. in the fourth quarter of
29
2014, eog initiated a three-net well drilling program in the secc and modified u(b) blocks, completing one well in 2014. in 2015, eog expects to drill and complete the remaining two net wells in this program.
in the united kingdom, eog continues to make progress in the development of its 100% working interest east irish sea conwy crude oil discovery. modifications to the nearby third-party owned douglas platform, which will be used to process conwy production, began in 2013 and continued throughout 2014. first production from the conwy field is anticipated in the third quarter of 2015. in the fourth quarter of 2014, eog recognized a $351 million impairment of the conwy project as a result of crude oil price declines.
in the sichuan basin, sichuan province, china, in 2014, eog drilled two wells and completed two wells, one of which was originally drilled in 2013. in 2015, eog expects to complete the second well that was drilled in 2014 and drill and complete four additional wells.
eog's activity in argentina is focused on the vaca muerta oil shale formation in the neuquén basin in neuquén province. in 2014, eog completed a vertical well in the cerro avispa block that was drilled in late 2013 and determined the well to be a dry hole. also during 2014, eog participated in the drilling of two wells in the bajo del toro block, both of which were determined to be dry holes. in the fourth quarter of 2014, eog recognized an impairment charge of $44 million for the balance of its investment in argentina. management is currently evaluating options for its investment.
eog continues to evaluate other select crude oil and natural gas opportunities outside the united states and canada primarily by pursuing exploitation opportunities in countries where indigenous crude oil and natural gas reserves have been identified.
capital structure one of management's key strategies is to maintain a strong balance sheet with a consistently below average debt-to-total capitalization ratio as compared to those in eog's peer group.  eog's debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 25% at december 31, 2014 and 28% at december 31, 2013.  as used in this calculation, total capitalization represents the sum of total current and long-term debt and total stockholders' equity. at december 31, 2014, $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.95% senior notes due 2015 were reclassified as long-term debt based upon eog's intent and ability to ultimately replace such amount with other long-term debt.
on march 21, 2014, eog closed its sale of the $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.45% senior notes due 2020 (notes). interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning october 1, 2014. net proceeds from the notes offering of approximately $496 million were used for general corporate purposes.
on march 17, 2014, eog repaid upon maturity the $150 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.75% subsidiary debt due 2014 (subsidiary debt) and settled the foreign currency swap entered into contemporaneously with the issuance of the subsidiary debt for $32 million.
on february 3, 2014, eog repaid upon maturity the $350 million aggregate principal amount of its floating rate senior notes due 2014 (floating rate notes). on the same date, eog settled the interest rate swap entered into contemporaneously with the issuance of the floating rate notes for $0.8 million.
during 2014, eog funded $8.4 billion in exploration and development and other property, plant and equipment expenditures (excluding asset retirement obligations), repaid at maturity $500 million aggregate principal amount of long-term debt, paid $280 million in dividends to common stockholders and purchased $127 million of treasury stock in connection with stock compensation plans, primarily by utilizing cash provided from its operating activities, net proceeds of $569 million from the sale of assets, net proceds from the sale of the notes and $99 million of excess tax benefits from stock compensation.
total anticipated 2015 capital expenditures are estimated to range from approximately $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion, excluding acquisitions. the majority of 2015 expenditures will be focused on united states crude oil drilling activities. eog has significant flexibility with respect to financing alternatives, including borrowings under its commercial paper program and other uncommitted credit facilities, bank borrowings, borrowings under its $2.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit agreement and equity and debt offerings.
when it fits eog's strategy, eog will make acquisitions that bolster existing drilling programs or offer eog incremental exploration and/or production opportunities. management continues to believe eog has one of the strongest prospect inventories in eog's history.
30
results of operations the following review of operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of eog and notes thereto beginning on page f-1.
net operating revenues during 2014, net operating revenues increased $3,548 million, or 24%, to $18,035 million from $14,487 million in 2013. total wellhead revenues, which are revenues generated from sales of eog's production of crude oil and condensate, ngl and natural gas, increased $1,837 million, or 17%, to $12,593 million in 2014 from $10,756 million in 2013. revenues from the sales of crude oil and condensate and ngl in 2014 were approximately 85% of total wellhead revenues compared to 84% in 2013. during 2014, eog recognized net gains on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $834 million compared to net losses of $166 million in 2013. gathering, processing and marketing revenues, which are revenues generated from sales of third-party crude oil and condensate, ngl and natural gas as well as gathering fees associated with gathering third-party natural gas, increased $402 million during 2014, to $4,046 million from $3,644 million in 2013.  gains on asset dispositions, net, totaled $508 million and $198 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
31
wellhead volume and price statistics for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were as follows:
year ended december 31                                             2014                 2013                2012
crude oil and condensate volumes (mbbld) (1)
united states                                                 282.0                212.1               149.3
canada                                                          5.8                  7.0                 7.0
trinidad                                                        1.0                  1.2                 1.5
other international (2)                                         0.1                  0.1                 0.1
total                                                         288.9                220.4               157.9
average crude oil and condensate prices ($/bbl) (3)
united states                                                $92.73              $103.81              $98.38
canada                                                        86.71                87.05               86.08
trinidad                                                      84.63                90.30               92.26
other international (2)                                       90.03                89.11               89.57
composite                                                     92.58               103.20               97.77
natural gas liquids volumes (mbbld) (1)
united states                                                  79.7                 64.3                55.1
canada                                                          0.6                  0.9                 0.8
total                                                          80.3                 65.2                55.9
average natural gas liquids prices ($/bbl) (3)
united states                                                $31.84               $32.46              $35.41
canada                                                        40.73                39.45               44.13
composite                                                     31.91                32.55               35.54
natural gas volumes (mmcfd) (1)
united states                                                   920                  908               1,034
canada                                                           61                   76                  95
trinidad                                                        363                  355                 378
other international (2)                                           9                    8                   9
total                                                         1,353                1,347               1,516
average natural gas prices ($/mcf) (3)
united states                                                 $3.93                $3.32               $2.51
canada                                                         4.32                 3.08                2.49
trinidad                                                       3.65                 3.68                3.72
other international (2)                                        5.03                 6.45                5.71
composite                                                      3.88                 3.42                2.83
crude oil equivalent volumes (mboed) (4)
united states                                                 515.0                427.9               376.6
canada                                                         16.7                 20.5                23.6
trinidad                                                       61.5                 60.4                64.5
other international (2)                                         1.5                  1.3                 1.7
total                                                         594.7                510.1               466.4
total mmboe (4)                                               217.1                186.2               170.7
(1)   thousand barrels per day or million cubic feet per day, as applicable.
(2)   other international includes eog's united kingdom, china and argentina operations.
(3)   dollars per barrel or per thousand cubic feet, as applicable. excludes the impact of financial commodity derivative instruments (see note 12 to consolidated financial statements).
(4)   thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day or million barrels of oil equivalent, as applicable; includes crude oil and condensate, ngl and natural gas. crude oil equivalents are determined using the ratio of 1.0 barrel of crude oil and condensate or ngl to 6.0 thousand cubic feet of natural gas. mmboe is calculated by multiplying the mboed amount by the number of days in the period and then dividing that amount by one thousand.
32
2014 compared to 2013.  wellhead crude oil and condensate revenues in 2014 increased $1,441 million, or 17%, to $9,742 million from $8,301 million in 2013, due to an increase of 68.5 mbbld, or 31%, in wellhead crude oil and condensate deliveries ($2,558 million), partially offset by a lower composite average wellhead crude oil and condensate price ($1,117 million).  the increase in deliveries primarily reflects increased production in the eagle ford, the north dakota bakken and the permian basin.  eog's composite wellhead crude oil and condensate price for 2014 decreased 10% to $92.58 per barrel compared to $103.20 per barrel in 2013.
ngl revenues in 2014 increased $160 million, or 21%, to $934 million from $774 million in 2013, due to an increase of 15 mbbld, or 23%, in ngl deliveries ($179 million), partially offset by a lower composite average price ($19 million).  the increase in deliveries primarily reflects increased volumes in the eagle ford and the permian basin.  eog's composite ngl price in 2014 decreased 2% to $31.91 per barrel compared to $32.55 per barrel in 2013.
wellhead natural gas revenues in 2014 increased $235 million, or 14%, to $1,916 million from $1,681 million in 2013, primarily due to a higher composite wellhead natural gas price.  eog's composite average wellhead natural gas price increased 13% to $3.88 per mcf in 2014 compared to $3.42 per mcf in 2013.  natural gas deliveries in 2014 increased less than 1% to 1,353 mmcfd as compared to 1,347 mmcfd in 2013. increased production in the united states (12 mmcfd) and trinidad (8 mmcfd) was offset by lower production in canada (15 mmcfd). in the united states, increased production of associated natural gas in the eagle ford and permian basin areas was partially offset by lower production in the upper gulf coast and fort worth basin barnett shale areas.
during 2014, eog recognized net gains on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $834 million, which included net cash received from settlements of crude oil and natural gas financial derivative contracts of $34 million. during 2013, eog recognized net losses on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $166 million, which included net cash received from settlements of crude oil and natural gas financial derivative contracts of $116 million.
gathering, processing and marketing revenues were primarily related to sales of third-party crude oil and natural gas.  purchases and sales of third-party crude oil and natural gas are utilized in order to balance firm transportation capacity with production in certain areas and to utilize excess capacity at eog-owned facilities.  marketing costs represent the costs of purchasing third-party crude oil and natural gas and the associated transportation costs.
gathering, processing and marketing revenues less marketing costs in 2014 declined $75 million compared to 2013, primarily due to lower margins on crude oil marketing activities.
2013 compared to 2012.  wellhead crude oil and condensate revenues in 2013 increased $2,642 million, or 47%, to $8,301 million from $5,659 million in 2012, due to an increase of 63 mbbld, or 40%, in wellhead crude oil and condensate deliveries ($2,205 million) and a higher composite average wellhead crude oil and condensate price ($437 million).  the increase in deliveries primarily reflects increased production in the eagle ford, the north dakota bakken and the permian basin.  eog's composite average wellhead crude oil and condensate price for 2013 increased 6% to $103.20 per barrel compared to $97.77 per barrel in 2012.
ngl revenues in 2013 increased $47 million, or 6%, to $774 million from $727 million in 2012, due to an increase of 9 mbbld, or 17%, in ngl deliveries ($118 million), partially offset by a lower composite average price ($71 million).  the increase in deliveries primarily reflects increased volumes in the eagle ford.  eog's composite average ngl price in 2013 decreased 8% to $32.55 per barrel compared to $35.54 per barrel in 2012.
wellhead natural gas revenues in 2013 increased $109 million, or 7%, to $1,681 million from $1,572 million in 2012.  the increase was due to a higher composite average wellhead natural gas price ($288 million), partially offset by decreased natural gas deliveries ($179 million).  eog's composite average wellhead natural gas price increased 21% to $3.42 per mcf in 2013 compared to $2.83 per mcf in 2012.  natural gas deliveries in 2013 decreased 169 mmcfd, or 11%, primarily due to decreased production in the united states (126 mmcfd), trinidad (23 mmcfd) and canada (19 mmcfd).  the decrease in the united states was attributable to asset sales and reduced natural gas drilling activity.  the decrease in trinidad was primarily attributable to higher contractual deliveries in 2012.
during 2013, eog recognized net losses on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $166 million, which included net cash received from settlements of commodity derivative contracts of $116 million.  during 2012, eog recognized net gains on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $394 million, which included net cash received from settlements of commodity derivative contracts of $711 million.
33
during 2013, gathering, processing and marketing revenues and marketing costs increased, compared to 2012, primarily as a result of increased crude oil marketing activities.  gathering, processing and marketing revenues less marketing costs in 2013 decreased $66 million, compared to 2012, due primarily to lower margins on crude oil marketing activities.
operating and other expenses
2014 compared to 2013.  during 2014, operating expenses of $12,794 million were $1,982 million higher than the $10,812 million incurred during 2013.  the following table presents the costs per barrel of oil equivalent (boe) for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013:
2014                                                                                 2013
lease and well                                              $6.53               $5.94
transportation costs                                         4.48                4.58
depreciation, depletion and amortization (dd&amp;a) -
oil and gas properties                                      17.90               18.79
other property, plant and equipment                          0.53                0.55
general and administrative (g&amp;a)                         1.85                1.87
net interest expense                                         0.93                1.26
total (1)                                                  $32.22              $32.99
(1)   total excludes gathering and processing costs, exploration costs, dry hole costs, impairments, marketing costs and taxes other than income.
the primary factors impacting the cost components of per-unit rates of lease and well, transportation costs, dd&a, g&a and net interest expense for 2014 compared to 2013 are set forth below.  see "net operating revenues" above for a discussion of production volumes.
lease and well expenses include expenses for eog-operated properties, as well as expenses billed to eog from other operators where eog is not the operator of a property.  lease and well expenses can be divided into the following categories: costs to operate and maintain crude oil and natural gas wells, the cost of workovers and lease and well administrative expenses.  operating and maintenance costs include, among other things, pumping services, salt water disposal, equipment repair and maintenance, compression expense, lease upkeep and fuel and power.  workovers are operations to restore or maintain production from existing wells.
each of these categories of costs individually fluctuates from time to time as eog attempts to maintain and increase production while maintaining efficient, safe and environmentally responsible operations.  eog continues to increase its operating activities by drilling new wells in existing and new areas.  operating and maintenance costs within these existing and new areas, as well as the costs of services charged to eog by vendors, fluctuate over time.
lease and well expenses of $1,416 million in 2014 increased $310 million from $1,106 million in 2013 primarily due to higher operating and maintenance costs ($209 million), increased workover expenditures ($69 million) and increased lease and well administrative expenses ($32 million), all in the united states.
transportation costs represent costs associated with the delivery of hydrocarbon products from the lease to a downstream point of sale.  transportation costs include transportation fees, costs associated with crude-by-rail operations, the cost of compression (the cost of compressing natural gas to meet pipeline pressure requirements), dehydration (the cost associated with removing water from natural gas to meet pipeline requirements), gathering fees and fuel costs.
transportation costs of $972 million in 2014 increased $119 million from $853 million in 2013 primarily due to increased transportation costs related to production from the eagle ford ($99 million) and the rocky mountain area ($15 million).
dd&a of the cost of proved oil and gas properties is calculated using the unit-of-production method.  eog's dd&a rate and expense are the composite of numerous individual dd&a group calculations.  there are several factors that can impact eog's composite dd&a rate and expense, such as field production profiles, drilling or acquisition of new wells, disposition of existing wells and reserve revisions (upward or downward) primarily related to well performance, economic factors and
34
impairments.  changes to these factors may cause eog's composite dd&a rate and expense to fluctuate from period to period.  dd&a of the cost of other property, plant and equipment is generally calculated using the straight-line depreciation method over the useful lives of the assets.
dd&a expenses in 2014 increased $396 million to $3,997 million from $3,601 million in 2013.  dd&a expenses associated with oil and gas properties in 2014 were $384 million higher than in 2013 primarily due to increased production in the united states ($630 million), partially offset by lower unit rates in the united states ($191 million) and canada ($37 million) and a decrease in production in canada ($31 million).  unit rates in the united states decreased primarily due to upward reserve revisions and reserves added at lower costs as a result of increased efficiencies.
g&a expenses of $402 million in 2014 were $54 million higher than 2013 primarily due to higher costs associated with supporting expanding operations.
net interest expense of $201 million in 2014 was $34 million lower than 2013 primarily due to repayment of the $400 million aggregate principal amount of the 6.125% senior notes due 2013, the subsidiary debt and the floating rate notes ($31 million), as well as an increase in capitalized interest across the company ($8 million). this was partially offset by interest expense on the notes issued in march 2014 ($10 million).
gathering and processing costs represent operating and maintenance expenses and administrative expenses associated with operating eog's gathering and processing assets.
gathering and processing costs increased $38 million to $146 million in 2014 compared to $108 million in 2013 primarily due to increased activities in the eagle ford.
exploration costs of $184 million in 2014 increased $23 million from $161 million in 2013 primarily due to increased geological and geophysical expenditures in the united states.
impairments include amortization of unproved oil and gas property costs; as well as impairments of proved oil and gas properties; other property, plant and equipment; and other assets.  unproved properties with acquisition costs that are not individually significant are aggregated, and the portion of such costs estimated to be nonproductive is amortized over the remaining lease term.  when circumstances indicate that a proved property may be impaired, eog compares expected undiscounted future cash flows at a dd&a group level to the unamortized capitalized cost of the asset.  if the expected undiscounted future cash flows are lower than the unamortized capitalized cost, the capitalized cost is reduced to fair value.  fair value is generally calculated by using the income approach described in the fair value measurement topic of the financial accounting standards board's accounting standards codification (asc).  in certain instances, eog utilizes accepted bids as the basis for determining fair value.
impairments of $744 million in 2014 increased $457 million from $287 million in 2013 primarily due to increased impairments of proved properties in the united kingdom ($351 million), the united states ($145 million) and argentina ($39 million); and increased amortization of unproved property costs in the united states ($54 million); partially offset by decreased impairments of proved properties in canada ($67 million) and trinidad ($14 million); and lower impairments of other assets in the united states ($46 million). eog recorded impairments of proved properties; other property, plant and equipment; and other assets of $575 million and $172 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the 2014 and 2013 amounts include impairments of $503 million and $7 million, respectively, related to certain assets as a result of declining commodity prices and using accepted bids for determining fair value.
taxes other than income include severance/production taxes, ad valorem/property taxes, payroll taxes, franchise taxes and other miscellaneous taxes.  severance/production taxes are generally determined based on wellhead revenues, and ad valorem/property taxes are generally determined based on the valuation of the underlying assets.
taxes other than income in 2014 increased $134 million to $758 million (6.0% of wellhead revenues) from $624 million (5.8% of wellhead revenues) in 2013.  the increase in taxes other than income was primarily due to increases in severance/production taxes ($112 million) primarily as a result of increased wellhead revenues and higher ad valorem/property taxes ($34 million) in the united states, partially offset by an increase in credits available to eog in 2014 for texas high-cost gas severance tax rate reductions ($11 million).
other expense, net, was $45 million in 2014 compared to $3 million in 2013. the increase of $42 million was primarily due to net foreign currency transaction losses.
35
income tax provision of $2,080 million in 2014 increased $840 million from $1,240 million in 2013 due primarily to higher pretax income.  the net effective tax rate for 2014 increased to 42% from 36% in the prior year. the net effective tax rate for 2014 exceeded the united states statutory tax rate (35%) due primarily to valuation allowances in the united kingdom and deferred tax in the united states related to eog's undistributed foreign earnings. eog no longer asserts that foreign earnings will remain permanently reinvested abroad and therefore recorded deferred tax of $250 million on the accumulated balance of such earnings in the fourth quarter of 2014.
2013 compared to 2012.  during 2013, operating expenses of $10,812 million were $609 million higher than the $10,203 million incurred during 2012.  the following table presents the costs per boe for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012:
2013                                                               2012
lease and well                            $5.94               $5.85
transportation costs                       4.58                3.52
dd&amp;a -
oil and gas properties                    18.79               17.71
other property, plant and equipment        0.55                0.85
g&amp;a                                    1.87                1.94
net interest expense                       1.26                1.25
total (1)                                $32.99              $31.12
(1)   total excludes gathering and processing costs, exploration costs, dry hole costs, impairments, marketing costs and taxes other than income.
the primary factors impacting the cost components of per-unit rates of lease and well, transportation costs, dd&a, g&a and net interest expense for 2013 compared to 2012 are set forth below.  see "net operating revenues" above for a discussion of production volumes.
lease and well expenses of $1,106 million in 2013 increased $106 million from $1,000 million in 2012 primarily due to higher operating and maintenance expenses in the united states ($48 million) and canada ($13 million) and increased workover expenditures in the united states ($38 million).
transportation costs of $853 million in 2013 increased $252 million from $601 million in 2012 primarily due to increased transportation costs related to production from the eagle ford ($136 million), the rocky mountain area ($84 million) and the fort worth basin barnett shale area ($27 million).
dd&a expenses in 2013 increased $431 million to $3,601 million from $3,170 million in 2012.  dd&a expenses associated with oil and gas properties in 2013 were $473 million higher than in 2012 primarily due to increased production in the united states ($347 million) and higher unit rates in the united states ($133 million) and trinidad ($44 million), partially offset by a decrease in production in canada ($29 million) and trinidad ($10 million) and lower unit rates in canada ($12 million).  dd&a unit rates in the united states increased due primarily to downward revisions of natural gas reserves at december 31, 2012, and a proportional increase in production from higher cost properties.
dd&a expenses associated with other property, plant and equipment were $42 million lower in 2013 than in 2012 primarily in the fort worth basin barnett shale area ($32 million), the eagle ford ($7 million) and the rocky mountain area ($7 million).
g&a expenses of $348 million in 2013 were $17 million higher than 2012 due primarily to higher costs associated with supporting expanding operations.
net interest expense of $235 million in 2013 was $22 million higher than 2012 due primarily to interest expense on the $1,250 million principal amount of 2.625% senior notes due 2023 issued in september 2012 ($23 million).  this was partially offset by a reduction in interest expense on the 6.125% senior notes, which were repaid at maturity in october 2013 ($6 million).
gathering and processing costs increased $10 million to $108 million in 2013 compared to $98 million in 2012.  the increase primarily reflects increased activities in the eagle ford ($22 million), partially offset by decreased costs in canada ($9 million).
36
exploration costs of $161 million in 2013 decreased $25 million from $186 million in 2012 primarily due to decreased geological and geophysical expenditures in the united states.
impairments of $287 million in 2013 decreased $984 million from $1,271 million in 2012 primarily due to decreased impairments of proved and unproved properties in canada ($881 million), decreased impairments of proved properties and other assets in the united states ($98 million) and decreased amortization of unproved property costs in the united states ($17 million).  eog recorded impairments of proved and unproved properties; other property, plant and equipment; and other assets of $172 million and $1,133 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively.  the 2013 and 2012 amounts include impairments of $7 million and $1,022 million, respectively, related to certain north american assets as a result of declining commodity prices and using accepted bids for determining fair value.
taxes other than income in 2013 increased $129 million to $624 million (5.8% of wellhead revenues) from $495 million (6.2% of wellhead revenues) in 2012.  the increase in taxes other than income was primarily due to increased severance/production taxes in the united states ($122 million) primarily as a result of increased wellhead revenues and higher ad valorem/property taxes in the united states ($15 million), partially offset by decreased severance/production taxes in canada ($9 million).
other expense, net, was $3 million in 2013 compared to other income, net, of $14 million in 2012.  the decrease of $17 million was primarily due to losses on warehouse stock sales and adjustments.
income tax provision of $1,240 million in 2013 increased $530 million from $710 million in 2012 primarily due to higher pretax income.  the net effective tax rate for 2013 decreased to 36% from 55% in 2012 due primarily to the absence of certain 2012 canadian losses (26% statutory tax rate).
capital resources and liquidity cash flow the primary sources of cash for eog during the three-year period ended december 31, 2014, were funds generated from operations, proceeds from asset sales, net proceeds from issuances of long-term debt, excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation, net commercial paper borrowings and borrowings under other uncommitted credit facilities and revolving credit facilities.  the primary uses of cash were funds used in operations; exploration and development expenditures; other property, plant and equipment expenditures; repayments of debt; dividend payments to stockholders; and purchases of treasury stock in connection with stock compensation plans.
2014 compared to 2013.  net cash provided by operating activities of $8,649 million in 2014 increased $1,320 million from $7,329 million in 2013 primarily reflecting an increase in wellhead revenues ($1,837 million), favorable changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities ($391 million) and a decrease in net cash paid for interest expense ($38 million), partially offset by an increase in cash operating expenses ($662 million), an unfavorable change in the net cash received from the settlement of financial commodity derivative contracts ($82 million) and an increase in net cash paid for income taxes ($48 million).
net cash used in investing activities of $7,514 million in 2014 increased by $1,199 million from $6,315 million in 2013 primarily due to an increase in additions to oil and gas properties ($823 million); an increase in additions to other property, plant and equipment ($364 million); and a decrease in proceeds from sales of assets ($191 million); partially offset by the release of restricted cash ($126 million) and favorable changes in working capital associated with investing activities ($52 million).
net cash used in financing activities of $328 million during 2014 included repayments of long-term debt ($500 million), cash dividend payments ($280 million), purchases of treasury stock in connection with stock compensation plans ($127 million) and the settlement of a foreign currency swap ($32 million).  cash provided by financing activities in 2014 included net proceeds from the issuance of the notes ($496 million), excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation ($99 million) and proceeds from stock options exercised and employee stock purchase plan activity ($22 million).
2013 compared to 2012.  net cash provided by operating activities of $7,329 million in 2013 increased $2,092 million from $5,237 million in 2012 primarily reflecting an increase in wellhead revenues ($2,798 million), favorable changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities ($405 million) and a decrease in net cash paid for income taxes ($65 million), partially offset by an unfavorable change in the net cash received from the settlement of financial commodity derivative contracts ($595 million), an increase in cash operating expenses ($478 million) and an increase in net cash paid for interest expense ($39 million).
37
net cash used in investing activities of $6,315 million in 2013 increased by $196 million from $6,119 million for the same period of 2012 due primarily to a decrease in proceeds from sales of assets ($549 million); and an increase in restricted cash ($66 million); partially offset by a decrease in additions to other property, plant and equipment ($256 million); favorable changes in working capital associated with investing activities ($125 million); and a decrease in additions to oil and gas properties ($38 million).
net cash used in financing activities of $574 million during 2013 included the repayment of long-term debt ($400 million), cash dividend payments ($199 million) and treasury stock purchases in connection with stock compensation plans ($64 million).  cash provided by financing activities in 2013 included excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation ($56 million) and proceeds from stock options exercised and employee stock purchase plan activity ($39 million).
total expenditures the table below sets out components of total expenditures for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 (in millions):
2014                                                                          2013                2012
expenditure category capital drilling and facilities                             $6,910              $6,044              $6,184
leasehold acquisitions (1)                             370                 414                 505
property acquisitions                                  139                 120                   1
capitalized interest                                    57                  49                  50
subtotal                                             7,476               6,627               6,740
exploration costs                                      184                 161                 186
dry hole costs                                          49                  75                  15
exploration and development expenditures             7,709               6,863               6,941
asset retirement costs                                 196                 134                 127
total exploration and development expenditures       7,905               6,997               7,068
other property, plant and equipment (2)                727                 364                 686
total expenditures                                  $8,632              $7,361              $7,754
(1)   leasehold acquisitions included $5 million in both 2014 and 2013 and $20 million in 2012 related to non-cash property exchanges.
(2)   in 2012, other property, plant and equipment included non-cash additions of $66 million in connection with a capital lease transaction in the eagle ford.
exploration and development expenditures of $7,709 million for 2014 were $846 million higher than the prior year primarily due to increased drilling and facilities expenditures in the united states ($1,019 million) and china ($12 million); and increased property acquisitions ($19 million), increased exploration geological and geophysical expenditures ($18 million), and increased capitalized interest ($8 million), all in the united states.  these increases were partially offset by decreased drilling and facilities expenditures in canada ($82 million), trinidad ($57 million), the united kingdom ($40 million) and argentina ($14 million); and decreased leasehold acquisition expenditures in the united states ($46 million).  the 2014 exploration and development expenditures of $7,709 million included $6,804 million in development, $709 million in exploration, $139 million in property acquisitions and $57 million in capitalized interest. the 2013 exploration and development expenditures of $6,863 million included $5,952 million in development, $742 million in exploration, $120 million in property acquisitions and $49 million in capitalized interest.  the 2012 exploration and development expenditures of $6,941 million included $5,989 million in development, $901 million in exploration and $50 million in capitalized interest.
38
the level of exploration and development expenditures, including acquisitions, will vary in future periods depending on energy market conditions and other related economic factors.  eog has significant flexibility with respect to financing alternatives and the ability to adjust its exploration and development expenditure budget as circumstances warrant.  while eog has certain continuing commitments associated with expenditure plans related to its operations, such commitments are not expected to be material when considered in relation to the total financial capacity of eog.
derivative transactions commodity derivative contracts.  the total fair value of eog's crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2014, as a net asset of $465 million.  presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's crude oil derivative contracts at february 16, 2015, with notional volumes expressed in barrels per day (bbld) and prices expressed in dollars per barrel ($/bbl).
crude oil derivative contracts weighted volume                      average price
(bbld)                            ($/bbl)
2015 (1)
january 2015 (closed)                    47,000                      $91.22
february 1, 2015 through june 30, 2015   47,000                       91.22
july 1, 2015 through december 31, 2015   10,000                       89.98
(1)   eog has entered into crude oil derivative contracts which give counterparties the option to extend certain current derivative contracts for additional six-month periods. options covering a notional volume of 37,000 bbld are exercisable on june 30, 2015. if the counterparties exercise all such options, the notional volume of eog's existing crude oil derivative contracts will increase by 37,000 bbld at an average price of $91.56 per barrel for each month during the period july 1, 2015 through december 31, 2015.
presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's natural gas derivative contracts at february 16, 2015, with notional volumes expressed in million british thermal units (mmbtu) per day (mmbtud) and prices expressed in dollars per mmbtu ($/mmbtu).
natural gas derivative contracts weighted volume               average price
(mmbtud)                   ($/mmbtu)
2015 (1)
january 1, 2015 through february 28, 2015 (closed)   235,000                       $4.47
march 2015                                           225,000                        4.48
april 2015                                           195,000                        4.49
may 1, 2015 through december 31, 2015                175,000                        4.51
(1)   eog has entered into natural gas derivative contracts which give counterparties the option of entering into derivative contracts at future dates. all such options are exercisable monthly up until the settlement date of each monthly contract. if the counterparties exercise all such options, the notional volume of eog's existing natural gas derivative contracts will increase by 175,000 mmbtud at an average price of $4.51 per mmbtu for each month during the period march 1, 2015 through december 31, 2015.
financing eog's debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 25% at december 31, 2014, compared to 28% at december 31, 2013.  as used in this calculation, total capitalization represents the sum of total current and long-term debt and total stockholders' equity.
the principal amount of debt outstanding totaled $5,890 million at both december 31, 2014 and 2013.  the estimated fair value of eog's debt at december 31, 2014 and 2013 was $6,242 million and $6,222 million, respectively.  the estimated fair value of debt was based upon quoted market prices and, where such prices were not available, other observable inputs regarding
39
interest rates available to eog at year-end.  eog's debt is at fixed interest rates.  while changes in interest rates affect the fair value of eog's debt, such changes do not expose eog to material fluctuations in earnings or cash flow.
during 2014, eog funded its capital program primarily by utilizing cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from asset sales and cash provided by borrowings from its commercial paper program.  while eog maintains a $2.0 billion commercial paper program, the maximum outstanding at any time during 2014 was $345 million, and the amount outstanding at year-end was zero.  the maximum amount outstanding under uncommitted credit facilities during 2014 was $31 million with zero outstanding at year-end. the average borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program and the uncommitted credit facilities were $12 million and $0.1 million, respectively, during the year 2014.  eog considers this excess availability, which is backed by its $2.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (credit agreement) described in note 2 to consolidated financial statements, to be ample to meet its ongoing operating needs.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes eog's contractual obligations at december 31, 2014, (in thousands):
contractual obligations (1)                                         total   2015                            2016 - 2017           2018 - 2019           2020 &amp; beyond current and long-term debt                                 $5,890,000                $500,000          $1,000,000            $1,250,000                $3,140,000
capital lease                                                  51,221                   6,579              12,908                13,739                    17,995
non-cancelable operating leases                               476,023                 101,835             134,292                79,349                   160,547
interest payments on long-term debt and capital lease       1,251,086                 235,888             441,459               315,786                   257,953
transportation and storage service commitments (2)          4,196,166                 776,387           1,541,551             1,073,947                   804,281
drilling rig commitments (3)                                  401,552                 294,758              93,922                12,872                         -
seismic purchase obligations                                   15,522                  15,522                   -                     -                         -
fracturing services obligations                               392,864                 173,917             172,635                38,023                     8,289
other purchase obligations                                    338,197                 280,634              39,582                17,025         956
total contractual obligations                             $13,012,631              $2,385,520          $3,436,349            $2,800,741                $4,390,021
(1)   this table does not include the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, eog's pension or postretirement benefit obligations or liability for dismantlement, abandonment and asset retirement obligations (see notes 6, 7 and 15, respectively, to consolidated financial statements).
(2)   amounts shown are based on current transportation and storage rates and the foreign currency exchange rates used to convert canadian dollars and british pounds into united states dollars at december 31, 2014. management does not believe that any future changes in these rates before the expiration dates of these commitments will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of eog.
(3)   amounts shown represent minimum future expenditures for drilling rig services. eog's expenditures for drilling rig services will exceed such minimum amounts to the extent eog utilizes the drilling rigs subject to a particular contractual commitment for a period greater than the period set forth in the governing contract or if eog utilizes drilling rigs in addition to the drilling rigs subject to the particular contractual commitment (for example, pursuant to the exercise of an option to utilize additional drilling rigs provided for in the governing contract).
off-balance sheet arrangements eog does not participate in financial transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships.  such entities or partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities (vie) or special purpose entities (spe), are generally established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other limited purposes. eog was not involved in any unconsolidated vie or spe financial transactions or any other "off-balance sheet arrangement" (as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k) during any of the periods covered by this report and currently has no intention of participating in any such transaction or arrangement in the foreseeable future.
40
foreign currency exchange rate risk during 2014, eog was exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in its operations in foreign countries, including canada, trinidad, the united kingdom, china and argentina.  the foreign currency most significant to eog's operations during 2014 was the canadian dollar.  the fluctuation of the canadian dollar in 2014 impacted both the revenues and expenses of eog's canadian subsidiaries.  however, since canadian commodity prices are largely correlated to united states prices, the changes in the canadian currency exchange rate have less of an impact on the canadian revenues than the canadian expenses. as previously discussed, during the fourth quarter of 2014, eog sold substantially all of its canadian assets. eog continues to monitor the foreign currency exchange rates of countries in which it is currently conducting business and may implement measures to protect against foreign currency exchange rate risk.
eog was party to a foreign currency aggregate swap with multiple banks to eliminate any exchange rate impacts that may have resulted from the subsidiary debt. the foreign currency swap expired and was settled contemporaneously with the repayment upon maturity of the subsidiary debt on march 17, 2014 (see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements).
outlook pricing.  crude oil and natural gas prices have been volatile, and this volatility is expected to continue.  as a result of the many uncertainties associated with the world political environment, worldwide supplies of crude oil and condensate, ngl and natural gas, the availabilities of other worldwide energy supplies and the relative competitive relationships of the various energy sources in the view of consumers, eog is unable to predict what changes may occur in crude oil and condensate, ngl, natural gas, ammonia and methanol prices in the future.  the market price of crude oil and condensate, ngl and natural gas in 2015 will impact the amount of cash generated from operating activities, which will in turn impact eog's financial position. as of january 30, 2015, the average 2015 u.s. new york mercantile exchange (nymex) crude oil and natural gas price was $51.86 and $2.85, respectively, representing declines of 44% and 35%, respectively, from the average nymex prices in 2014. see item 1a. risk factors.
including the impact of eog's 2015 crude oil derivative contracts (exclusive of options) and based on eog's tax position, eog's price sensitivity in 2015 for each $1.00 per barrel increase or decrease in wellhead crude oil and condensate price, combined with the estimated change in ngl price, is approximately $63 million for net income and $93 million for cash flows from operating activities.  including the impact of eog's 2015 natural gas derivative contracts (exclusive of options) and based on eog's tax position and the portion of eog's anticipated natural gas volumes for 2015 for which prices have not been determined under long-term marketing contracts, eog's price sensitivity for each $0.10 per mcf increase or decrease in wellhead natural gas price is approximately $15 million for net income and $22 million for cash flows from operating activities.  for information regarding eog's crude oil and natural gas financial commodity derivative contracts at february 16, 2015, see "derivative transactions" above.
capital. eog plans to continue to focus a substantial portion of its exploration and development expenditures in its major producing areas in the united states. in particular, eog will be focused on united states crude oil drilling activity in its eagle ford, delaware basin and bakken plays.
the total anticipated 2015 capital expenditures of $4.9 to $5.1 billion, excluding acquisitions, is structured to maintain eog's strategy of capital discipline by funding its exploration, development and exploitation activities primarily from available internally generated cash flows and cash on hand. eog has significant flexibility with respect to financing alternatives, including borrowings under its commercial paper program and other uncommitted credit facilities, bank borrowings, borrowings under its credit agreement and equity and debt offerings.
operations. in 2015, eog does not plan to increase crude oil production in the current low commodity price environment. overall production in 2015 is expected to decline modestly from 2014 levels, and total crude oil production is expected to be flat as compared to the prior year. in 2015, eog expects to allocate capital primarily to its highest rate-of-return crude oil assets, focus on cost reductions and seek out opportunities to acquire high-quality acreage at low costs.
41
summary of critical accounting policies eog prepares its financial statements and the accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, which require management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and the accompanying notes.  eog identifies certain accounting policies as critical based on, among other things, their impact on the portrayal of eog's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and the degree of difficulty, subjectivity and complexity in their application.  critical accounting policies cover accounting matters that are inherently uncertain because the future resolution of such matters is unknown.  management routinely discusses the development, selection and disclosure of each of the critical accounting policies.  following is a discussion of eog's most critical accounting policies:
proved oil and gas reserves eog's engineers estimate proved oil and gas reserves in accordance with united states securities and exchange commission regulations, which directly impact financial accounting estimates, including depreciation, depletion and amortization and impairments of proved properties.  proved reserves represent estimated quantities of crude oil and condensate, ngl and natural gas that geological and engineering data demonstrate, with reasonable certainty, to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under economic and operating conditions existing at the time the estimates were made.  the process of estimating quantities of proved oil and gas reserves is complex, requiring significant subjective decisions in the evaluation of all available geological, engineering and economic data for each reservoir.  the data for a given reservoir may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors including, but not limited to, additional development activity, evolving production history and continual reassessment of the viability of production under varying economic conditions.  consequently, material revisions (upward or downward) to existing reserve estimates may occur from time to time.  for related discussion, see item 1a. risk factors and "supplemental information to consolidated financial statements."
oil and gas exploration costs eog accounts for its crude oil and natural gas exploration and production activities under the successful efforts method of accounting.  oil and gas exploration costs, other than the costs of drilling exploratory wells, are charged to expense as incurred.  the costs of drilling exploratory wells are capitalized pending determination of whether eog has discovered proved commercial reserves.  exploratory drilling costs are capitalized when drilling is complete if it is determined that there is economic producibility supported by either actual production, a conclusive formation test or certain technical data if the discovery is located offshore.  if proved commercial reserves are not discovered, such drilling costs are expensed.  in some circumstances, it may be uncertain whether proved commercial reserves have been discovered when drilling has been completed.  such exploratory well drilling costs may continue to be capitalized if the reserve quantity is sufficient to justify its completion as a producing well and sufficient progress in assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made.  as of december 31, 2012, eog had exploratory drilling costs related to a project in the united kingdom that had been deferred for more than one year (see note 16 to consolidated financial statements).  these costs met the accounting requirements outlined above for continued capitalization.  costs to develop proved reserves, including the costs of all development wells and related equipment used in the production of crude oil and natural gas, are capitalized.
depreciation, depletion and amortization for oil and gas properties the quantities of estimated proved oil and gas reserves are a significant component of eog's calculation of depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, and revisions in such estimates may alter the rate of future expense. holding all other factors constant, if reserves were revised upward or downward, earnings would increase or decrease, respectively.
depreciation, depletion and amortization of the cost of proved oil and gas properties is calculated using the unit-of-production method.  the reserve base used to calculate depreciation, depletion and amortization for leasehold acquisition costs and the cost to acquire proved properties is the sum of proved developed reserves and proved undeveloped reserves.  with respect to lease and well equipment costs, which include development costs and successful exploration drilling costs, the reserve base includes only proved developed reserves.  estimated future dismantlement, restoration and abandonment costs, net of salvage values, are taken into account.
oil and gas properties are grouped in accordance with the provisions of the extractive industries - oil and gas topic of the asc.  the basis for grouping is a reasonable aggregation of properties with a common geological structural feature or stratigraphic condition, such as a reservoir or field.
42
amortization rates are updated quarterly to reflect the addition of capital costs, reserve revisions (upwards or downwards) and additions, property acquisitions and/or property dispositions and impairments.
depreciation and amortization of other property, plant and equipment is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset.
impairments oil and gas lease acquisition costs are capitalized when incurred.  unproved properties with acquisition costs that are not individually significant are aggregated, and the portion of such costs estimated to be nonproductive is amortized over the remaining lease term.  if the unproved properties are determined to be productive, the appropriate related costs are transferred to proved oil and gas properties.  lease rentals are expensed as incurred.
when circumstances indicate that proved oil and gas properties may be impaired, eog compares expected undiscounted future cash flows at a depreciation, depletion and amortization group level to the unamortized capitalized cost of the asset.  if the expected undiscounted future cash flows, based on eog's estimate of future crude oil and natural gas prices, operating costs, anticipated production from proved reserves and other relevant data, are lower than the unamortized capitalized cost, the capitalized cost is reduced to fair value.  fair value is generally calculated using the income approach described in the fair value measurement topic of the asc.  in certain instances, eog utilizes accepted bids as the basis for determining fair value.  estimates of undiscounted future cash flows require significant judgment.  crude oil and natural gas prices have exhibited significant volatility in the past, and eog expects that volatility to continue in the future.  during the past five years, west texas intermediate crude oil spot prices have fluctuated from approximately $53.45 per barrel to $113.39 per barrel, and henry hub natural gas spot prices have ranged from approximately $1.82 per mmbtu to $8.15 per mmbtu.  eog's proved reserves estimates, including the timing of future production, are also subject to significant assumptions and judgment, and are frequently revised (upwards and downwards) as more information becomes available.  in the future, if actual crude oil and/or natural gas prices and/or actual production diverge negatively from eog's current estimates, impairment charges may be necessary.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability approach.  under this approach, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis.  eog assesses the realizability of deferred tax assets and recognizes valuation allowances as appropriate.  significant assumptions used in estimating future taxable income include future oil and gas prices and changes in tax rates.  changes in such assumptions could materially affect the recognized amounts of valuation allowances.
stock-based compensation in accounting for stock-based compensation, judgments and estimates are made regarding, among other things, the appropriate valuation methodology to follow in valuing stock compensation awards and the related inputs required by those valuation methodologies. assumptions regarding expected volatility of eog's common stock, the level of risk-free interest rates, expected dividend yields on eog's common stock, the expected term of the awards, expected volatility of the price of shares of eog's peer companies and other valuation inputs are subject to change. any such changes could result in different valuations and thus impact the amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
information regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. all statements, other than statements of historical facts, including, among others, statements and projections regarding eog's future financial position, operations, performance, business strategy, returns, budgets, reserves, levels of production and costs, statements regarding future commodity prices and statements regarding the plans and objectives of eog's management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. eog typically uses words such as "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "strategy," "intend," "plan," "target," "goal," "may," "will," "should" and "believe" or the negative of those terms or other variations or comparable terminology to identify its forward-looking statements. in particular, statements, express or implied, concerning eog's future operating results and returns or eog's ability to replace or increase reserves, increase production, generate income or cash flows or pay dividends are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. although eog believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable and are based on reasonable assumptions, no assurance
43
can be given that these assumptions are accurate or that any of these expectations will be achieved (in full or at all) or will prove to have been correct. moreover, eog's forward-looking statements may be affected by known, unknown or currently unforeseen risks, events or circumstances that may be outside eog's control. important factors that could cause eog's actual results to differ materially from the expectations reflected in eog's forward-looking statements include, among others:
•   the timing, extent and duration of changes in prices for, and demand for, crude oil and condensate, ngl, natural gas and related commodities;
•   the extent to which eog is successful in its efforts to acquire or discover additional reserves;
•   the extent to which eog is successful in its efforts to economically develop its acreage in, produce reserves and achieve anticipated production levels from, and optimize reserve recovery from, its existing and future crude oil and natural gas exploration and development projects;
•   the extent to which eog is successful in its efforts to market its crude oil, natural gas and related commodity production;
•   the availability, proximity and capacity of, and costs associated with, appropriate gathering, processing, compression, transportation and refining facilities;
•   the availability, cost, terms and timing of issuance or execution of, and competition for, mineral licenses and leases and governmental and other permits and rights-of-way, and eog's ability to retain mineral licenses and leases;
•   the impact of, and changes in, government policies, laws and regulations, including tax laws and regulations; environmental, health and safety laws and regulations relating to air emissions, disposal of produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes, hydraulic fracturing and access to and use of water; laws and regulations imposing conditions or restrictions on drilling and completion operations and on the transportation of crude oil and natural gas; laws and regulations with respect to derivatives and hedging activities; and laws and regulations with respect to the import and export of crude oil, natural gas and related commodities;
•   eog's ability to effectively integrate acquired crude oil and natural gas properties into its operations, fully identify existing and potential problems with respect to such properties and accurately estimate reserves, production and costs with respect to such properties;
•   the extent to which eog's third-party-operated crude oil and natural gas properties are operated successfully and economically;
•   competition in the oil and gas exploration and production industry for employees and other personnel, facilities, equipment, materials and services;
•   the availability and cost of employees and other personnel, facilities, equipment, materials (such as water) and services;
•   the accuracy of reserve estimates, which by their nature involve the exercise of professional judgment and may therefore be imprecise;
•   weather, including its impact on crude oil and natural gas demand, and weather-related delays in drilling and in the installation and operation (by eog or third parties) of production, gathering, processing, refining, compression and transportation facilities;
•   the ability of eog's customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to eog and, related thereto, to access the credit and capital markets to obtain financing needed to satisfy their obligations to eog;
•   eog's ability to access the commercial paper market and other credit and capital markets to obtain financing on terms it deems acceptable, if at all, and to otherwise satisfy its capital expenditure requirements;
•   the extent and effect of any hedging activities engaged in by eog;
•   the timing and extent of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation rates, global and domestic financial market conditions and global and domestic general economic conditions;
•   political conditions and developments around the world (such as political instability and armed conflict), including in the areas in which eog operates;
•   the use of competing energy sources and the development of alternative energy sources;
•   the extent to which eog incurs uninsured losses and liabilities or losses and liabilities in excess of its insurance coverage;
•   acts of war and terrorism and responses to these acts;
•   physical, electronic and cyber security breaches; and
•   the other factors described under item 1a, risk factors, on pages 13 through 20 of this annual report on form 10-k and any updates to those factors set forth in eog's subsequent quarterly reports on form 10-q or current reports on form 8-k.
in light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events anticipated by eog's forward-looking statements may not occur, and, if any of such events do, we may not have anticipated the timing of their occurrence or the extent of their impact on our actual results. accordingly, you should not place any undue reliance on any of eog's forward-looking statements. eog's forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and eog undertakes no obligation, other than as required by applicable law, to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events, anticipated or unanticipated circumstances or otherwise.
44
