item 1a. risk factors risk factors, which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations and which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations, are discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. if any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any additional risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. in particular, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements."
risks relating to our business we may be unable to effectively manage our rapid growth or achieve anticipated growth, which could place significant strain on our management personnel, systems and resources.
we have experienced rapid growth and significantly expanded our business over the past several years. our revenues grew from $221.8 million in 2010 to $730.0 million in 2014 as a result of organic growth and growth through strategic acquisitions. as of december 31, 2014, we had 11,824 it professionals, as compared to 5,344 it professionals as of december 31, 2010. we have also grown our support function headcount, including finance, legal and other areas.
our rapid growth has placed and will continue to place significant demands on our management and our administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. continued expansion increases the challenges we face in:
•   recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled it professionals and management personnel;
•   adhering to and further improving our high-quality and process execution standards and maintaining high levels of client satisfaction;
•   managing a larger number of clients in a greater number of industries and locations;
•   maintaining effective oversight of personnel and delivery centers;
•   preserving our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment;
•   coordinating effectively across geographies and business units to execute our strategic plan; and
•   developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications and other internal systems.
moreover, we intend to continue our expansion for the foreseeable future to pursue existing and potential market opportunities. as we introduce new services or enter into new markets, we may face new market, technological, operational, compliance and administrative risks and challenges, and we may not be able to mitigate these risks and challenges to successfully grow those services or markets. as a result of these problems associated with expansion, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated growth and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our failure to attract, train and retain it professionals with the qualifications necessary to fulfill the needs of our existing and future clients or to assimilate new it professionals successfully could materially adversely affect our ability to provide high quality services to our clients.
our success depends largely on the contributions of our it professionals. to maintain and renew existing engagements and obtain new business, we must attract, train and retain skilled it professionals, including experienced management it professionals. competition for it professionals in the markets in which we operate can be intense and, accordingly, we may not be able to retain or hire all of the it professionals necessary to meet our ongoing and future business needs. if we are unable to attract and retain the highly-skilled it professionals we need, we may have to forgo projects for lack of resources or be unable to staff projects optimally. the total attrition rates among our it professionals who have worked for us for at least six months were 11.8%, 13.1% and 10.7% for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. we may encounter higher attrition rates in the future. any reductions in headcount for economic or business reasons, however temporary, could negatively affect our reputation as an employer and our ability to hire it professionals to meet our business requirements. a significant increase in the attrition rate among it professionals with specialized skills could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in demand for our services.
increases in wages for our it professionals and other compensation expense could prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and result in dilution to our stockholders.
wage costs for it professionals in cis, cee and apac, and certain other geographies in which we operate are lower than comparable wage costs in more developed countries. however, wage costs in the service industry in these countries may
12
increase at a faster rate than in the past, which ultimately may make us less competitive unless we are able to increase the efficiency and productivity of our it professionals as well as the prices we can charge for our services. increases in wage costs may reduce our profitability.
additionally, we have granted certain equity-based awards under our stock incentive plans and entered into certain other stock-based compensation arrangements in the past, as a result of which we have recorded $24.6 million, $13.2 million and $6.8 million as stock-based compensation expenses for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap") prescribe how we account for stock-based compensation, which could adversely or negatively impact our results of operations or the price of our common stock. gaap requires us to recognize stock-based compensation as compensation expense in the statement of operations generally based on the fair value of equity awards on the date of the grant, with compensation expense recognized over the period in which the recipient is required to provide service in exchange for the equity award. the expenses associated with stock-based compensation may reduce the attractiveness of issuing equity awards under our equity incentive plan. however, if we do not grant equity awards, or if we reduce the number of equity awards we grant, we may not be able to attract and retain key personnel. if we grant more equity awards to attract and retain key personnel, the expenses associated with such additional equity awards could materially adversely affect our results of operations. the issuance of equity-based compensation would also result in additional dilution to our stockholders.
our success depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior executives and other key personnel, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.
our future success heavily depends upon the continued services of our senior executives and other key employees. if one or more of our senior executives or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, it could disrupt our business operations, and we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. in addition, competition for senior executives and key personnel in our industry is intense, and we may be unable to retain our senior executives and key personnel or attract and retain new senior executives and key personnel in the future, in which case our business may be severely disrupted.
if any of our senior executives or key personnel, such as business development managers, joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose clients, suppliers, know-how and key it professionals and staff members to them. additionally, there could be unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge, practices or procedures by such personnel. if any dispute arises between our senior executives or key personnel and us, any non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disclosure agreements we have with our senior executives or key personnel might not provide effective protection to us, especially in cis and cee countries where some of our senior executives and key employees reside, in light of uncertainties with legal systems in cis and cee countries.
our subcontracting practices may expose us to technical uncertainties, potential liabilities and reputational harm.
in order to meet our personnel needs, increase workforce flexibility, and improve pricing competitiveness, we use subcontractors and freelancers primarily to perform short-term assignments in certain specialty areas or on other projects where it is impractical to use our employees, where we need to supplement our resources, or for other purposes as needed. although we try to source competent and credible third parties as our subcontractors, they may not be able to deliver the level of service that our clients expect us to deliver. furthermore, we enter into confidentiality agreements with our subcontractors, but we cannot guarantee that they will not breach the confidentiality of our clients or us and misappropriate our or our clients' proprietary information and technology in the course of providing service. we, as the party to the contract with the client, are directly responsible for the losses our subcontractors cause our clients. under the subcontracting agreements we enter into, our subcontractors generally promise to indemnify us for damages caused by their breach, but we may be unable to collect under these agreements. moreover, their breaches may damage our reputation, cause us to lose existing business and adversely affect our ability to acquire new business in the future.
adverse or uncertain economic, political and social conditions may significantly and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.
we are a global company with substantial international operations. our revenues from clients outside north america represented 48.5%, 47.8% and 50.8% of our revenues excluding reimbursable expenses for 2014, 2013 and 2012. deterioration of social, political, labor or economic conditions in a specific country or region, and our failure to successfully anticipate changing conditions in these markets, could challenge our ability to conduct operations in those countries or regions or increase our operating costs. in addition, the majority of our employees, along with our development and delivery centers, are located in the cis and cee.
13
risks inherent in conducting international operations include:
•   foreign exchange fluctuations;
•   application and imposition of protective legislation and regulations relating to import or export;
•   difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and/or contractual rights;
•   complying with a wide variety of foreign laws;
•   potentially adverse tax consequences;
•   tariffs, quotas and other trade protection measures;
•   competition from companies with more experience in a particular country or with international operations;
•   potential difficulties integrating new facilities and new employees into our operations and culture;
•   potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable;
•   overall foreign policy and variability of foreign economic conditions.
the it services industry is particularly sensitive to the economic environment and the industry tends to decline during general economic downturns. given our significant revenues from north america and europe, if those economies further weaken or slow, pricing for our services may be depressed and our clients may reduce or postpone their technology spending significantly, which may in turn lower the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability.
war, terrorism, other acts of violence or natural or manmade disasters may affect the markets in which we operate, our clients, and our service delivery.
our business may be negatively affected by instability, disruption or destruction in a geographic region in which we operate, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or manmade disasters, including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, storm or disease. such events may cause clients to delay their decisions on spending for it services and give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. these events also pose significant risks to our people and to physical facilities and operations around the world, whether the facilities are ours or those of our clients, which could materially adversely affect our financial results. by disrupting communications and travel, giving rise to travel restrictions, and increasing the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly-skilled and qualified it professionals, these events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver services to some or all of our clients. travel restrictions could cause us to incur additional unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain the skilled it professionals we need for our operations. in addition, any extended disruptions of electricity, other public utilities or network services at our facilities, as well as system failures at, or security breaches in, our facilities or systems, could also adversely affect our ability to serve our clients.
emerging markets are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, including significant legal, economic, tax and political risks.
we have significant operations in cis and cee countries, and beginning in 2014 in asia, which are generally considered to be emerging markets. investors in emerging markets should be aware that these markets are vulnerable to market downturns and economic slowdowns elsewhere in the world and are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, including complying with foreign laws and regulations and the potential imposition of trade or foreign exchange restrictions or sanctions, tax increases, fluctuations in exchange rates, inflation and unstable political and military situations, and labor issues. for example, the economies of belarus, russia, ukraine, hungary and other cis and cee countries where we operate have experienced periods of considerable instability and have been subject to abrupt downturns. moreover, these markets have less established legal systems, which can be characterized by gaps in regulatory structures, selective enforcement of laws, and limited judicial and administrative guidance on legislation, among other limitations. as has happened in the past, financial problems or an increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies could dampen foreign investment in these markets and materially adversely affect their economies. such economic instability, and any future deterioration in the international economic situation could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our operations may be adversely affected by ongoing developments in the ukraine.
escalating military activities in ukraine and on its eastern border have combined with ukraine's weak economic conditions to create uncertainty in ukraine, russia and other markets. the actions in ukraine have prompted condemnation from the international community and combined with the continuing political and economic uncertainties in ukraine have had an adverse effect on the ukrainian and russian economies. in april 2014, the united states office of foreign assets control ("ofac") added certain individuals and entities to its list of specially designated nationals. in july and september 2014, ofac imposed limited, specific sanctions on certain russian entities by listing them on the sectoral sanctions identification
14
list ("ssi list"); the ssi list includes entities in the energy, defense and financial sectors. the eu imposed similar sanctions in july 2014, and separate sanctions were imposed by countries including canada, japan and switzerland. resolution of ukraine's political and economic conditions may not occur for some time and the disputes in ukraine could devolve into increased violence or economic distress.
we have delivery centers in the ukraine employing approximately 2,956 it professionals, none of which are located in crimea. we also have delivery centers in russia, employing approximately 1,714 it professionals located in various cities including moscow and st. petersburg. to date we have not experienced any interruption in our office infrastructure, utility supply or internet connectivity. all epam offices remain open and fully functional, including those we use in the ukraine and russia to support our clients. we continue to monitor the situation closely. our contingency plans include relocating work or personnel to other locations and adding new locations, as appropriate. we have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the situation, as the political and civil unrest and reported military activities are fluid and beyond our control.  prolonged unrest, military activities, or broad-based sanctions, should they be implemented, could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
we generate a significant portion of our revenues from a concentrated client base, and any loss of business from these clients could materially reduce our revenues.
our ability to maintain close relationships with our major clients is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. however, the volume of work performed for any specific client is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we generally are not our clients' exclusive it services provider and we do not have long-term commitments from any clients to purchase our services. the it services we provide to our clients, and the revenues and net income from those services, may decline or vary based on the type and quantity of services we provide, wage inflation and other pricing considerations. furthermore, our reliance on any individual client for a significant portion of our revenues may give that client a certain degree of pricing leverage against us when negotiating contracts and terms of service. the loss of any of our major clients, or a significant decrease in the volume of work they outsource to us or the price at which we sell our services to them, could materially adversely affect our revenues and thus our results of operations.
we do not have long-term commitments from our clients, and our clients may terminate contracts before completion or choose not to renew contracts.
ability of our clients to terminate agreements makes our future revenues uncertain, as our clients are generally not obligated for any long-term commitments to us. although a substantial majority of our revenues are generated from clients who also contributed to our revenues during the prior year, our engagements with our clients are typically for projects that are singular in nature. in addition, our clients can terminate many of our master services agreements and work orders with or without cause. therefore, we must seek to obtain new engagements when our current engagements end. our failure to perform or observe any contractual obligations could also result in termination or non-renewal of a contract, as could a change of control of our company.
there are a number of factors relating to our clients that are outside of our control, which might lead them to terminate a contract or project with us, including a client's:
•   financial difficulties;
•   corporate restructuring, or mergers and acquisitions activity;
•   change in strategic priorities, resulting in elimination of the impetus for the project or a reduced level of technology spending;
•   change in outsourcing strategy resulting in moving more work to the client's in-house technology departments or to our competitors; and
•   replacement of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors.
termination or non-renewal of a customer contract could cause us to experience a higher than expected number of unassigned employees and an increase in our cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues, until we are able to reduce or reallocate our headcount. we may not be able to replace any client that elects to terminate or not renew its contract with us, which could materially adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
our revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of industries, and any decrease in demand for outsourced services in these industries could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
a substantial portion of our clients is concentrated in four specific industry verticals: banking and financial services; isvs and technology; business information and media; and travel and consumer. our business growth largely depends on
15
continued demand for our services from clients in these four industry verticals and other industries that we may target in the future, as well as on trends in these industries to outsource it services.
a downturn in any of our targeted industries, a slowdown or reversal of the trend to outsource it services in any of these industries or the introduction of regulations that restrict or discourage companies from outsourcing could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, a worsening of economic conditions in the financial services industry, or significant consolidation in any of these industries may reduce the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability. other developments in the industries in which we operate may also lead to a decline in the demand for our services, and we may not be able to successfully anticipate and prepare for any such changes. decreased demand for our services, or increased pricing pressure on us from our clients in these key industries could adversely affect our results of operations.
if our pricing structures are based on inaccurate expectations and assumptions regarding the cost and complexity of performing our work, or if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, then our contracts could be unprofitable.
we negotiate pricing terms with our clients utilizing a range of pricing structures and conditions. we face a number of risks when pricing our contracts. our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts and predictions about our projects, the marketplace and global economic conditions (including foreign exchange volatility), which may be based on limited data and could be inaccurate. many of our projects entail the coordination of operations and personnel in multiple locations with different skill sets and competencies. our pricing and cost estimates for the work that we perform sometimes include anticipated long-term cost savings from transformational and other initiatives that we expect to achieve and sustain over the life of the contract. there is a risk that we will underprice our projects, particularly with fixed-price contracts, fail to accurately estimate the costs of performing the work or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts. in particular, any increased or unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of this work, including those caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable. moreover, if we are not able to pass on to our clients increases in compensation cost (whether driven by competition for talent or ordinary-course pay increases) or charge premium prices when justified by market demand or the type of service, our profitability may suffer.
in addition, a number of our contracts contain pricing terms that condition a portion of the payment of fees by the client on our ability to meet defined performance goals, service levels and completion schedules set forth in the contracts. our failure to meet such performance goals, service levels or completion schedules or our failure to meet client expectations in such contracts may result in less profitable or unprofitable engagements.
our profitability will suffer if we are not able to maintain our resource utilization levels and productivity levels.
our profitability is significantly impacted by our utilization levels of fixed-cost resources, including human resources as well as other resources such as computers and office space, and our ability to increase our productivity levels. we have expanded our operations significantly in recent years, which has resulted in a significant increase in our headcount and fixed overhead costs. some of our it professionals are specially trained to work for specific clients or on specific projects and some of our offshore development centers are dedicated to specific clients or specific projects. our ability to manage our utilization levels depends significantly on our ability to hire and train high-performing it professionals and to staff projects appropriately and on the general economy and its effect on our clients and their business decisions regarding the use of our services. if we experience a slowdown or stoppage of work for any client or on any project for which we have dedicated it professionals or facilities, we may not be able to efficiently reallocate these it professionals and facilities to other clients and projects to keep their utilization and productivity levels high. if we are not able to maintain optimal resource utilization levels without corresponding cost reductions or price increases, our profitability will suffer.
if we are not successful in managing increasingly large and complex projects, we may not achieve our financial goals and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
to successfully perform larger and more complex projects, we need to establish and maintain effective, close relationships with our clients, continue high levels of client satisfaction and develop a thorough understanding of our clients' operations. in addition, we may face a number of challenges managing larger and more complex projects, including:
•   maintaining high-quality control and process execution standards;
•   maintaining planned resource utilization rates on a consistent basis and using an efficient mix of onsite and offshore staffing;
16
•   maintaining productivity levels and implementing necessary process improvements; and
•   controlling costs.
our ability to successfully manage large and complex projects depends significantly on the skills of our management personnel and it professionals, some of whom do not have experience managing large-scale or complex projects. in addition, large and complex projects may involve multiple engagements or stages, and there is a risk that a client may choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements. such cancellations or delays may make it difficult to plan our project resource requirements. if we fail to successfully obtain engagements for large and complex projects, we may not achieve our revenue growth and other financial goals. even if we are successful in obtaining such engagements, a failure by us to effectively manage these large and complex projects could damage our reputation, cause us to lose business, impact our margins and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we face risks associated with having a long selling and implementation cycle for our services that require us to make significant resource commitments prior to realizing revenues for those services.
we have a long selling cycle for our it services, which requires significant investment of human resources and time by both our clients and us. before committing to use our services, potential clients require us to expend substantial time and resources educating them on the value of our services and our ability to meet their requirements. therefore, our selling cycle is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our clients' decision to choose alternatives to our services (such as other it services providers or in-house resources) and the timing of our clients' budget cycles and approval processes. if our sales cycle unexpectedly lengthens for one or more large projects, it would negatively affect the timing of our revenues and hinder our revenue growth. for certain clients, we may begin work and incur costs prior to executing a contract. a delay in our ability to obtain a signed agreement or other persuasive evidence of an arrangement, or to complete certain contract requirements in a particular quarter, could reduce our revenues in that quarter.
implementing our services also involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our clients and us. our clients may experience delays in obtaining internal approvals or delays associated with technology, thereby further delaying the implementation process. our current and future clients may not be willing or able to invest the time and resources necessary to implement our services, and we may fail to close sales with potential clients to whom we have devoted significant time and resources. any significant failure to generate revenues or delays in recognizing revenues after incurring costs related to our sales or services process could materially adversely affect our business.
if we are unable to collect our receivables from, or bill our unbilled services to, our clients, our results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for work performed. we usually bill and collect on relatively short cycles. we maintain allowances against receivables. actual losses on client balances could differ from those that we currently anticipate and, as a result, we might need to adjust our allowances. there is no guarantee that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our clients. weak macroeconomic conditions and related turmoil in the global financial system could also result in financial difficulties, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency, or bankruptcy for our clients, and, as a result, could cause clients to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance, or default on their payment obligations to us. timely collection of client balances also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues. if we are unable to meet our contractual requirements, we might experience delays in collection of and/or be unable to collect our client balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. moreover, in the event of delays in payment from our governmental and quasi-governmental clients, we may have difficulty collecting on receivables owed. in addition, if we experience an increase in the time to bill and collect for our services, our cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
we face intense competition for clients and opportunities from onshore and offshore it services companies, and increased competition, our inability to compete successfully against competitors, pricing pressures or loss of market share could materially adversely affect our business.
the market for it services is highly competitive, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. we believe that the principal competitive factors in our markets are reputation and track record, industry expertise, breadth and depth of service offerings, quality of the services offered, language, marketing and selling skills, scalability of infrastructure, ability to address clients' timing requirements and price.
we face competition from offshore it services providers in other outsourcing destinations with low wage costs such as india and china, as well as competition from large, global consulting and outsourcing firms and in-house it departments of large corporations. clients tend to engage multiple it services providers instead of using an exclusive it services provider,
17
which could reduce our revenues to the extent that clients obtain services from other competing it services providers. clients may prefer it services providers that have more locations or that are based in countries more cost-competitive or more stable than some cis and cee countries.
current or prospective clients may elect to perform certain services themselves or may be discouraged from transferring services from onshore to offshore it services providers to avoid negative perceptions that may be associated with using an offshore it services provider. this shift away from offshore outsourcing would seriously harm our ability to compete effectively with competitors that provide services from within the countries in which our clients operate.
some of our present and potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources than epam. client buying patterns can change if clients become more price sensitive and accepting of low-cost suppliers with less emphasis on quality. therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our clients while competing against such competitors. increased competition, our inability to compete successfully, pricing pressures or loss of market share could materially adversely affect our business.
our ability to generate and retain business depends on our reputation in the marketplace.
our services are marketed to clients and prospective clients based on a number of factors. since many of our specific client engagements involve unique services and solutions, our corporate reputation is a significant factor in our clients' evaluation of whether to engage our service, and our clients' perception of our ability to add value through our services is critical to the profitability of our engagements. we believe the epam brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and also contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees.
however, our corporate reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by actions or statements made by current or former clients, competitors, vendors, adversaries in legal proceedings, government regulators, as well as members of the investment community and the media. there is a risk that negative information about our company, even if based on false rumor or misunderstanding, could adversely affect our business. in particular, damage to our reputation could be difficult and time-consuming to repair, could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the epam brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us.
if we are unable to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards we may lose clients and our business could be materially adversely affected.
rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards are inherent in the market for our services. our future success will depend in part upon our ability to anticipate developments in it services, enhance our existing services and to develop and introduce new services to keep pace with such changes and developments and to meet changing client needs. the process of developing our client solutions is extremely complex and is expected to become increasingly complex and expensive in the future due to the introduction of new platforms, operating systems, technologies and methodologies. our ability to keep pace with changes in technology, methodology and business is subject to a number of risks, including that:
•   we may find it difficult or costly to update our services, applications, tools and software and to develop new services quickly enough to meet our clients' needs;
•   we may find it difficult or costly to make some features of our software work effectively and securely over the internet or with new or changed operating systems;
•   we may find it difficult or costly to update our software and services to keep pace with business, evolving industry standards, methodologies, regulatory and other developments in the industries where our clients operate; and
•   we may find it difficult to maintain a high level of quality in implementing new technologies and methodologies.
we may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments in a timely manner, or if we do respond, the services, technologies or methodologies we develop or implement may not be successful in the marketplace. further, services, technologies or methodologies that are developed by our competitors may render our services non-competitive or obsolete. our failure to enhance our existing services and to develop and introduce new services to promptly address the needs of our clients could cause us to lose clients and materially adversely affect our business.
undetected software design defects, errors or failures may result in loss of or delay in market acceptance of our services or in liabilities that could materially adversely affect our business.
18
our software development solutions involve a high degree of technological complexity, have unique specifications and could contain design defects or software errors that are difficult to detect and correct. errors or defects may result in the loss of current clients and loss of, or delay in, revenues, loss of market share, loss of client data, a failure to attract new clients or achieve market acceptance, diversion of development resources and increased support or service costs. we cannot provide assurance that, despite testing by our clients and us, errors will not be found in new software product development solutions, which could result in litigation, other claims for damages against us, as well as reputational harm and thus could materially adversely affect our business.
security breaches and other disruptions to network security could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, we have access to, collect, store, process and transmit sensitive or confidential data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our clients, and personally identifiable information of our clients and employees, in our data centers and on our networks. the secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to human error, malfeasance or other disruptions. any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, misappropriated, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information and regulatory penalties. such a breach or disruption could also disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, as well as require us to expend significant resources to protect against further breaches and to rectify problems caused by such a breach or disruption. any of these results could adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive position.
a significant failure in our telecommunications or it infrastructure or systems could harm our service model, which could result in a reduction of our revenue and otherwise disrupt our business.
part of our service model is to maintain active voice and data communications, financial control, accounting, customer service and other data processing systems between our clients' offices, our delivery centers and our client management locations (including our headquarters in newtown, pa). moreover, many of our key systems for corporate operations are internally-developed applications. our business activities may be materially disrupted in the event of a partial or complete failure of any of these internet, it or communication systems, which could be caused by, among other things, software malfunction, computer virus attacks, conversion errors due to system upgrading, damage from fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, demands placed on internet infrastructure by growing numbers of users and time spent online or increased bandwidth requirements or other events beyond our control. internally-developed systems may not possess the same level of control, security or support that traditional third-party systems and applications do. loss of all or part of the infrastructure or systems for a period of time could hinder our performance or our ability to complete client projects on time which, in turn, could lead to a reduction of our revenue or otherwise materially adversely affect our business and business reputation.
we may be liable to our clients for damages caused by the disclosure of confidential information, system failures or errors.
if any person, including any of our employees, misappropriates sensitive or confidential client information, including personally identifiable information, we could be subject to significant liability from our clients or from our clients' customers for breaching contractual confidentiality provisions or privacy laws. some of our client agreements do not limit our potential liability for certain occurrences, including breaches of confidentiality and infringement indemnity. furthermore, breaches of confidentiality may entitle the aggrieved party to equitable remedies, including injunctive relief. any such breach or misappropriation resulting in unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client information, or a violation of intellectual property rights, whether through employee misconduct, breach of our computer systems, systems failure or otherwise, may subject us to liabilities, damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients.
if we cause disruptions to our clients' businesses or provide inadequate service, our clients may have claims for substantial damages against us, which could cause us to lose clients, have a negative effect on our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations.
if our it professionals make errors in the course of delivering services to our clients or fail to consistently meet service requirements of a client, these errors or failures could disrupt the client's business, which could result in a reduction in our revenues or a claim for substantial damages against us. in addition, a failure or inability to meet a contractual requirement could seriously damage our reputation and affect our ability to attract new business. any failure in a client's system or breach of security relating to the services we provide to the client could damage our reputation or result in a claim for substantial
19
damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for such failure. furthermore, any errors by our employees in the performance of services for a client, or poor execution of such services, could result in a client terminating our engagement and seeking damages from us. the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. even if such assertions against us are unsuccessful, we may incur reputational harm and substantial legal fees.
we are investing substantial cash in new facilities and physical infrastructure, and our profitability could be reduced if our business does not grow proportionately.
we have made and continue to make significant contractual commitments related to capital expenditures on construction or expansion of our delivery centers, such as in minsk, belarus. we may encounter cost overruns or project delays in connection with new facilities. these expansions will likely increase our fixed costs and if we are unable to grow our business and revenues proportionately, our profitability may be reduced.
if we fail to integrate or manage acquired companies efficiently, or if the acquired companies are difficult to integrate, divert management resources or do not perform to our expectations, we may not be able to realize the benefits envisioned for such acquisitions, and our overall profitability and growth plans could be materially adversely affected.
we have from time to time expanded our service capabilities and gained new clients through strategic acquisitions. our ability to successfully integrate acquired assets or an acquired entity and realize the benefits of an acquisition requires, among other things, successful integration of technologies, operations and personnel in a timely and efficient manner. challenges we face in the acquisition and integration process include:
•   diverting significant management attention and financial resources from our other operations and disrupting our ongoing business;
•   unforeseen or undisclosed liabilities and integration costs;
•   incurring liabilities from the acquired businesses for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights or other claims for which we may not be successful in seeking indemnification;
•   incurring debt, amortization expenses related to intangible assets, large and immediate write-offs, assuming unforeseen or undisclosed liabilities, or issuing common stock that would dilute our existing stockholders' ownership;
•   generating sufficient revenues and net income to offset acquisition costs;
•   potential loss of, or harm to, employee or client relationships;
•   properly structuring our acquisition consideration and any related post-acquisition earn-outs and successfully monitoring any earn-out calculations and payments;
•   failing to realize the potential cost savings or other financial benefits and/or the strategic benefits of the acquisition;
•   retaining key senior management and other personnel of the acquired operations;
•   potential incompatibility of solutions, services and technology or corporate cultures;
•   consolidating and rationalizing corporate, information technology and administrative infrastructures;
•   integrating and documenting processes and controls;
•   entry into unfamiliar markets; and
•   increased complexity from potentially operating additional geographically dispersed sites, particularly if we acquire a company or business with facilities or operations outside of the countries in which we currently have operations.
the primary value of many potential acquisition targets in the it services industry lies in their skilled it professionals and established client relationships. transitioning these types of assets to our business can be particularly difficult due to different corporate cultures and values, geographic distance and other intangible factors. for example, some newly acquired employees may decide not to work with us or to leave shortly after their move to our company and some acquired clients may decide to discontinue their commercial relationships with us. these challenges could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses, including causing us to incur significant one-time expenses and write-offs, and make it more difficult and complex for our management to effectively manage our operations. if we are not able to successfully integrate an acquired entity and its operations and to realize the benefits envisioned for such acquisition, our overall growth and profitability plans may be adversely affected.
our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors.
we conduct business globally and file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions. our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including changes in the amount of income taxed by or allocated to the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; changing tax laws, regulations and interpretations of
20
such tax laws in multiple jurisdictions; and the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties.
we report our results of operations based on our determination of the amount of taxes owed in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. we have transfer pricing arrangements among our subsidiaries in relation to various aspects of our business, including operations, marketing, sales and delivery functions. u.s. transfer pricing regulations, as well as regulations applicable in other countries in which we operate, require that any international transaction involving associated enterprises be on arm's-length terms. we consider the transactions among our subsidiaries to be on arm's-length terms. the determination of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation, judgment and calculations where the ultimate tax determination may not be certain. our determination of tax liability is always subject to review or examination by authorities in various jurisdictions.
if a tax authority in any jurisdiction reviews any of our tax returns and proposes an adjustment, including as a result of a determination that the transfer prices and terms we have applied are not appropriate, such an adjustment could have a negative impact on our business.
our earnings could be adversely affected if we change our intent not to repatriate earnings in the cis and cee or such earnings become subject to u.s. tax on a current basis.
we do not accrue incremental u.s. taxes on all cis and cee earnings as these earnings (as well as other foreign earnings for all periods) are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states. while we have no plans to do so, events may occur in the future that could effectively force us to change our intent not to repatriate our foreign earnings. if we change our intent and repatriate such earnings, we will have to accrue the applicable amount of taxes associated with such earnings and pay taxes at a substantially higher rate than our effective income tax rate in 2014. these increased taxes could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our operating results may be negatively impacted by the loss of certain tax benefits provided by the governments of belarus, hungary and russia to companies in our industry.
our subsidiary in belarus is a member of the belarus hi-tech park, in which member technology companies are 100% exempt from belarusian income tax (which as of the date of this annual report was 18%) and from the value added tax, for a period of 15 consecutive years effective july 1, 2006 and levied at a reduced rate on a variety of taxes. in addition, our subsidiary in hungary benefited from a tax credit of 10% of qualified salaries, taken over a four-year period, for up to 70% of the total tax due for that period. we have been able to take the full 70% credit for 2007 to 2012. the hungarian tax authorities repealed the tax credit beginning with 2012. credits earned in years prior to 2012, however, will be allowed through 2014. we have fully utilized the 70% limit in 2014. our subsidiary in russia benefits from a substantially reduced rate on social contributions and an exemption on value added tax in certain circumstances, which is a benefit to qualified it companies in russia. if the tax holiday relating to our belarusian subsidiary, the tax incentives relating to our hungarian subsidiary or the lower tax rates and social contributions relating to our russian subsidiary are changed, terminated, not extended or comparable new tax incentives are not introduced, we expect that our effective income tax rate and/or our operating expenses would increase significantly, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations -provision for income taxes."
changes in, or interpretations of, accounting principles could have a significant impact on our financial position and results of operations u.s. gaap, under which we prepare our consolidated financial statements, is subject to interpretation by the securities and exchange commission ("sec") and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles. a change in these principles can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even retroactively affect previously reported transactions.
for example, the u.s.-based financial accounting standards board ("fasb") is currently working together with the international accounting standards board ("iasb") on several projects to further align accounting principles and facilitate more comparable financial reporting between companies who are required to follow gaap under sec regulations and those who are required to follow international financial reporting standards outside of the u.s. these efforts by the fasb and iasb may result in different accounting principles under gaap that may result in materially different financial results for us in areas including, but not limited to, principles for recognizing revenue and lease accounting.
there may be adverse tax and employment law consequences if the independent contractor status of our it professionals or the exempt status of our employees is successfully challenged.
21
some of our it professionals are retained as independent contractors. although we believe that we have properly classified these individuals as independent contractors, there is nevertheless a risk that the irs or another federal, state, provincial or foreign authority will take a different view. furthermore, the tests governing the determination of whether an individual is considered to be an independent contractor or an employee are typically fact sensitive and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. laws and regulations that govern the status and misclassification of independent contractors are subject to change or interpretation by various authorities. if a federal, state, provincial or foreign authority or court enacts legislation or adopts regulations that change the manner in which employees and independent contractors are classified or makes any adverse determination with respect to some or all of our independent contractors, we could incur significant costs under such laws and regulations, including for prior periods, in respect of tax withholding, social security taxes or payments, workers' compensation and unemployment contributions, and recordkeeping, or we may be required to modify our business model, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. there is also a risk that we may be subject to significant monetary liabilities arising from fines or judgments as a result of any such actual or alleged non-compliance with federal, state, provincial or foreign tax laws. further, if it were determined that any of our independent contractors should be treated as employees, we could possibly incur additional liabilities under our applicable employee benefit plans.
in addition, we have classified nearly all of our u.s. employees as "exempt" under the federal labor standards act, or the flsa. if it were determined that any of our u.s. employees should be classified as "non-exempt" under the flsa, we may incur costs and liabilities for back wages, unpaid overtime, fines or penalties and/or be subject to employee litigation.
our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect us against losses.
although we maintain some insurance coverage, including professional liability insurance, property insurance coverage for certain of our facilities and equipment and business interruption insurance coverage for certain of our operations, we do not insure for all risks in our operations. if any claims for injury are brought against us, or if we experience any business disruption, litigation or natural disaster, we might incur substantial costs and diversion of resources.
most of the agreements we have entered into with our clients require us to purchase and maintain specified insurance coverage during the terms of the agreements, including commercial general insurance or public liability insurance, umbrella insurance, product liability insurance, and workers' compensation insurance. some of these types of insurance are not available on reasonable terms or at all in cis and cee countries. although to date no client has brought any claims against us for such failure, our clients have the right to terminate these agreements as a result of such failure.
the banking and financial systems in the cis remain less developed than those in some more developed markets, and a banking crisis could place liquidity constraints on our business and materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.
banking and other financial systems in the cis are less developed and regulated than in some more developed markets, and legislation relating to banks and bank accounts is subject to varying interpretations and inconsistent application. banks in the cis generally do not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, and the transparency of the banking sector lags behind international standards. furthermore, in russia, belarus and other cis countries, bank deposits made by corporate entities generally are not insured. as a result, the banking sector remains subject to periodic instability. another banking crisis, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of banks through which we receive or with which we hold funds, particularly in belarus, may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our ability to complete banking transactions in the cis, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.
fluctuations in currency exchange rates could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we have significant international operations, and we earn our revenues and incur our expenses in multiple currencies. doing business in different foreign currencies exposes us to foreign currency risks, including risks related to revenues and receivables, compensation of our personnel, purchases and capital expenditures. the majority of our revenues are in u.s. dollars, british pounds, russian rubles and euros, and the majority of our expenses, particularly salaries of it professionals, are denominated in u.s. dollars but payable in belarusian rubles or in other local currencies at the exchange rate in effect at the time. to the extent that we increase our business and revenues, which are denominated in belarusian rubles, ukrainian hryvnia, hungarian forints or other local currencies, we will also increase our receivables denominated in those currencies and therefore increase our exposure to fluctuations in their exchange rates against the u.s. dollar, our reporting currency. also, economic instability in russia and other countries can affect the local currency's exchange rates, such as the recent plunge in the value of the russian ruble. any capital expenditures, such as for computer equipment, which are payable in the local currency of the countries in which we operate but are imported to such countries, and any deposits we hold in local currencies, can be materially affected by depreciation of the local currency against the u.s. dollar and the effect of such depreciation on the local
22
economy. due to the increasing size of our international operations, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could materially impact our results. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
our business could be negatively affected if we incur legal liability, including with respect to our indemnification obligations, in connection with providing our solutions and services.
if we fail to meet our contractual obligations or otherwise breach obligations to our clients, we could be subject to legal liability. we may enter into non-standard agreements because we perceive an important economic opportunity or because our personnel did not adequately adhere to our guidelines. in addition, the contracting practices of our competitors may cause contract terms and conditions that are unfavorable to us to become standard in the marketplace. if we cannot or do not perform our obligations, we could face legal liability and our contracts might not always protect us adequately through limitations on the scope and/or amount of our potential liability. as a result, we might face significant legal liability and payment obligations, and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, and our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our business and competitive position.
we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, unfair competition and trade secret laws, as well as intellectual property assignment and confidentiality agreements and other methods to protect our intellectual property rights. protection of intellectual property rights and confidentiality in cis and cee countries, and other countries in which we operate, may not be as effective as that in the united states or other countries with more mature legal systems.
we require our employees and independent contractors to enter into written agreements with us upon the commencement of their relationship with us, which assign to epam all intellectual property and work product made, developed or conceived by them in connection with their employment or engagement with us. these agreements also provide that any confidential or proprietary information disclosed or otherwise made available by us be kept confidential. we also enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our clients and vendors. these agreements may not provide meaningful protection for trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. the steps we have taken may be inadequate to prevent the misappropriation of our and our clients' proprietary technology. reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other misappropriation of our and our clients' proprietary technologies, tools and applications could enable third parties to benefit from our or our clients' technologies, tools and applications without paying us for doing so, and our clients may hold us liable for that act and seek damages and compensation from us, which could harm our business and competitive position.
we rely on our trademarks, trade names, service marks and brand names to distinguish our services and solutions from the services of our competitors, and have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. we cannot assure you that our trademark applications will be approved. third parties may oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of our trademarks. in the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our services and solutions, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. further, we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe our trademarks, or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks.
we may need to enforce our intellectual property rights through litigation. litigation relating to our intellectual property may not prove successful and might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
in addition, we rely on certain third-party software to conduct our business. if we lose the licenses which permit us to use such software, they may be difficult to replace and it may be costly to do so.
we may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend. if we fail to defend ourselves against such claims, we may lose significant intellectual property rights and may be unable to continue providing our existing services.
our success largely depends on our ability to use and develop our technology, tools, code, methodologies and services without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks. we may be subject to litigation involving claims of patent infringement or violation of other intellectual property rights of third parties.
we typically indemnify clients who purchase our services and solutions against potential infringement of intellectual property rights, which subjects us to the risk of indemnification claims. these claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our clients, regardless of the merits of these claims and are often not subject to liability limits or exclusion of consequential, indirect or punitive damages. if any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to
23
pay damages on behalf of our clients, redesign or cease offering our allegedly infringing services or solutions, or obtain licenses for the intellectual property such services or solutions allegedly infringe. if we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our clients may be forced to stop using our services or solutions.
the holders of patents and other intellectual property rights potentially relevant to our service offerings may make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially acceptable terms. in addition, we may be unaware of intellectual property registrations or applications relating to our services that may give rise to potential infringement claims against us. there may also be technologies licensed to and relied on by us that are subject to infringement or other corresponding allegations or claims by third parties, which may damage our ability to rely on such technologies.
further, our current and former employees and/or subcontractors could challenge our exclusive rights in the software they have developed in the course of their employment. in russia and certain other countries in which we operate, an employer is deemed to own the copyright in works created by its employees during the course, and within the scope, of their employment, but the employer may be required to satisfy additional legal requirements in order to make further use and dispose of such works. while we believe that we have complied with all such requirements, and have fulfilled all requirements necessary to acquire all rights in software developed by our independent contractors and/or subcontractors, these requirements are often ambiguously defined and enforced. as a result, we cannot assure that we would be successful in defending against any claim by our current or former employees, independent contractors and/or subcontractors challenging our exclusive rights over the use and transfer of works those employees, independent contractors and/or subcontractors created or requesting additional compensation for such works.
parties making infringement claims may be able to obtain an injunction to prevent us from delivering our services or using technology involving the allegedly infringing intellectual property. intellectual property litigation is expensive, time-consuming and could divert management's attention from our business. a successful infringement claim against us, whether with or without merit, could, among others things, require us to pay substantial damages, develop non-infringing technology, or rebrand our name or enter into royalty or license agreements that may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, and would require us to cease making, licensing or using products that have infringed a third party's intellectual property rights. protracted litigation could also result in existing or potential clients deferring or limiting their purchase or use of our software product development services or solutions until resolution of such litigation, or could require us to indemnify our clients against infringement claims in certain instances. any of these actions, regardless of the outcome of litigation or merits of the claim, could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to laws and regulations in the united states and other countries in which we operate, including export restrictions, u.s. economic sanctions and the foreign corrupt practices act, or fcpa, and similar anti-corruption laws. if we are not in compliance with applicable legal requirements, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures.
as a company with international operations, we are subject to many laws and regulations restricting our operations, including activities involving restricted countries, organizations, entities and persons that have been identified as unlawful actors or that are subject to u.s. sanctions imposed by the office of foreign assets control, or ofac, or other international sanctions that prohibit us from engaging in trade or financial transactions with certain countries, businesses, organizations and individuals. we are subject to the fcpa, which prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from bribing foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment, and other laws concerning our international operations. the fcpa's foreign counterparts contain similar prohibitions, although varying in both scope and jurisdiction and not limited to transactions with government officials. we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices.
we have a compliance program with controls and procedures designed to ensure our compliance with the fcpa, ofac sanctions, and similar sanctions, laws and regulations. the continuing implementation and ongoing development and monitoring of such program may be time consuming and expensive, and could result in the discovery of issues or violations with respect to the foregoing by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors or agents of which we were previously unaware.
any violations of these or other laws, regulations and procedures by our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors and agents could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, fines or business restrictions and would adversely affect our reputation and the market for shares of our common stock and may require certain of our investors to disclose their investment in our company under certain state laws.
24
anti-outsourcing legislation and restrictions on immigration, if adopted, may affect our ability to compete for and provide services to clients in the united states or other countries, which could hamper our growth and cause our revenues to decline.
the vast majority of our employees are nationals of cis and cee countries. some of our projects require a portion of the work to be undertaken at our clients' facilities, which are sometimes located outside the cis and cee. the ability of our employees to work in the united states, europe, the cis and cee, and other countries outside the cis and cee depends on their ability to obtain the necessary visas and work permits. historically, the process for obtaining visas for nationals of cis and cee countries to certain countries, including the united states and europe, has been lengthy and cumbersome. immigration laws in the united states and in other countries are subject to legislative change, as well as to variations in standards of application and enforcement due to political forces and economic conditions.
in addition, the issue of companies outsourcing services to organizations operating in other countries is a topic of political discussion in many countries, including the united states, which is our largest source of revenues. many organizations and public figures in the united states and europe have publicly expressed concern about a perceived association between offshore outsourcing it services providers and the loss of jobs in their home countries, and there are legislative measures under consideration in the u.s. congress and in various state legislatures to address this concern. it is possible that pending legislation in the united states may impose restrictions on our ability to deploy employees holding u.s. work visas to client locations, which could adversely impact our ability to do business in the jurisdictions in which we have clients. it is generally difficult to predict the political and economic events that could affect immigration laws, or the restrictive impact they could have on obtaining or maintaining business visas for our employees. however, if enacted, such measures may broaden restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state government agencies and on government contracts with firms that outsource services directly or indirectly, impact private industry with measures such as tax disincentives or intellectual property transfer restrictions, and/or restrict the use of certain work visas.
our reliance on visas for a number of employees makes us vulnerable to such changes and variations as it affects our ability to staff projects with employees who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed. we may not be able to obtain a sufficient number of visas for our employees or we may encounter delays or additional costs in obtaining or maintaining such visas, in which case we may not be able to provide services to our clients on a timely and cost-effective basis or manage our sales and delivery centers as efficiently as we otherwise could, any of which could hamper our growth and cause our revenues to decline.
similarly, legislation enacted in certain european jurisdictions and any future legislation in european jurisdictions or any other country in which we have clients restricting the performance of services from an offshore location could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, legislation enacted in the united kingdom, based on the 1977 ec acquired rights directive, has been adopted in some form by many european union countries, and provides that if a company outsources all or part of its business to an it services provider or changes its current it services provider, the affected employees of the company or of the previous it services provider are entitled to become employees of the new it services provider, generally on the same terms and conditions as their original employment. in addition, dismissals of employees who were employed by the company or the previous it services provider immediately prior to that transfer are automatically considered unfair dismissals that entitle such employees to compensation. as a result, in order to avoid unfair dismissal claims, we may have to offer, and become liable for, voluntary redundancy payments to the employees of our clients who outsource business to us in the united kingdom and other european union countries who have adopted similar laws. this legislation could materially affect our ability to obtain new business from companies in the united kingdom and european union and to provide outsourced services to companies in the united kingdom and european union in a cost-effective manner.
our cis subsidiaries can be forced into liquidation on the basis of formal noncompliance with certain legal requirements.
we operate in cis countries primarily through locally organized subsidiaries. certain provisions of russian law and the laws of other cis countries may allow a court to order liquidation of a locally organized legal entity on the basis of its formal noncompliance with certain requirements during formation, reorganization or during its operations. if the company fails to comply with certain requirements including those relating to minimum net assets, governmental or local authorities can seek the involuntary liquidation of such company in court, and the company's creditors will have the right to accelerate their claims or demand early performance of the company's obligations as well as demand compensation of any damages. if involuntary liquidation of any of our subsidiaries were to occur, such liquidation could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
25
we may need additional capital, and a failure by us to raise additional capital on terms favorable to us, or at all, could limit our ability to grow our business and develop or enhance our service offerings to respond to market demand or competitive challenges.
we believe that our current cash, cash flow from operations and revolving line of credit are sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. we may, however, require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. if these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain another credit facility. the sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. the incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including:
•   investors' perception of, and demand for, securities of it services companies;
•   conditions of the united states and other capital markets in which we may seek to raise funds;
•   our future results of operations and financial condition;
•   government regulation of foreign investment in the cis and cee and other countries in which we operate or in which we plan to expand; and
•   economic, political and other conditions both globally and in emerging markets.
our stock price is volatile.
our common stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility as a result of variations between our actual and anticipated financial results, announcements by our competitors and us, projections or speculation about our business or that of our competitors by the media or investment analysts or uncertainty about current global economic conditions. the stock market, as a whole, also has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies' operating performance. furthermore, we believe our stock price should reflect future growth and profitability expectations and, if we fail to meet these expectations, our stock price may significantly decline.
compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expense and affect our operations.
changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, sec regulations and new york stock exchange, or nyse, rules, are creating uncertainty for companies such as ours. these new or changed laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and corporate governance practices. as a result, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. if our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, our reputation may be harmed.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. in addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the sections entitled "special note regarding forward-looking statements" and "item 1a. risk factors." we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. please note that we effected an 8-for-1 common stock split on january 19, 2012, and all historical common stock and per share information has been changed to reflect the common stock split.
executive summary from software products to core business applications, we are a leading global provider of expert consulting, development, testing, support and infrastructure services to many of the world's leading organizations. as we evolve into a global, not just regional, leader in software and application outsourcing, we recognize that our history, our culture, our delivery model, and our people are at the core of what makes us excel in the industry. we deliver complex solutions to clients around the world utilizing our distributed delivery model, which now includes advanced capabilities.
our delivery focus has not wavered since our inception over 20 years ago, even as our capabilities, tools, and practices have progressed over time. our delivery evolved to accommodate the needs of our customers across multiple continents and lines of business and to ensure consistent quality in every project deliverable. our global delivery model and centralized support functions, combined with the benefits of scale from the shared use of fixed-cost resources, such as computers and office space, enhance our productivity levels and enable us to better manage the efficiency of our global operations by maintaining adequate resource utilization levels and implementing company-wide cost-management programs. as a result, we have created a delivery base whereby our applications, tools, methodologies and infrastructure allow us to seamlessly deliver services and solutions from our delivery centers to global clients across all geographies, further strengthening our relationships with them.
through increased specialization in focused verticals and a continued emphasis on strategic partnerships, we are leveraging our roots in software engineering to become a recognized brand in it services and software development. we are continuously venturing into new industries to expand our core industry client base in software and technology, banking and capital markets, business information and media, travel and hospitality. our clients depend on us to solve complex technical challenges and our teams are integral parts of engineering efforts that cross products and industries.
overview of 2014
during the year ended december 31, 2014, total revenues were $730.0 million, an increase of approximately 31.5% over $555.1 million reported for the same period a year ago. our performance remained strong, driving revenue growth in north america and europe both organically and through acquisitions.
we remain committed to maintaining and improving a well-balanced portfolio of clients and seek to grow revenues from our existing clients by continually expanding the scope and size of our engagements, as well as by growing our key client base through business development efforts and strategic acquisitions. during 2014, we made progress in this strategy and increased the reach of our offerings, both geographically and across industry verticals. during 2014, our top five and top ten customers accounted for 32.8% and 43.9% of consolidated revenues, respectively.
on march 5, 2014, we completed an acquisition of substantially all of the assets and assumed certain specific liabilities of u.s.-based healthcare technology consulting firm netsoft holdings llc and armenia-based ozsoft, llc (collectively, "netsoft"). netsoft works with leading health plans in the u.s. on their medical management and claims systems, and specializes in working with leaders in pioneering fields such as accountable care organizations, tele-medicine, healthcare analytics, personalized medicine, health information exchanges, and online self-service capabilities. the netsoft acquisition added approximately 40 it professionals to our headcount.
on april 30, 2014, we acquired all of the outstanding equity of joint technology development limited, a company organized under the laws of hong kong, including its wholly-owned subsidiaries jointech software (shenzhen) co., ltd., a company organized under the laws of china, and jointech software pte. ltd., a company organized under the laws of singapore (collectively, "jointech"). jointech provides strategic technology services in the investment banking, wealth and asset management industries. the acquisition of jointech added over 200 it professionals to our headcount and significantly extended our footprint in south-east asia. with this acquisition, we expect to create an integrated global platform focused on serving large multinational customers within the banking and financial services vertical, and extend our global value proposition in the region.
32
on june 6, 2014, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain specified liabilities of each of gga software services, llc, institute of theoretical chemistry, inc., and gga's russian affiliate (collectively, "gga"). established in 1994, gga develops scientific informatics applications, content databases, algorithms and models; and delivers it support, maintenance, and quality assurance services to leading healthcare and life sciences companies. the acquisition added over 300 it professionals and over 120 scientists to our highly-experienced employee base and created a significant growth opportunity in the life sciences and healthcare industries. we also see tremendous potential in combining our traditionally recognized strengths with gga's algorithm development, mathematical modeling, and sophisticated content database development capabilities. the capability to develop and operationalize platforms, combining tools, models and data, has broad applications across other strategic industries on which epam focuses, including the banking and financial services, business information and media, and retail and consumer verticals.
on october 31, 2014, we acquired great fridays limited and its subsidiaries to expand our product and design service portfolio. great fridays limited, headquartered in manchester, uk, with offices in london, san francisco and new york, focuses on bridging the gap between business and design. the acquisition of great fridays added approximately 50 creative design professionals to our headcount. we expect this acquisition to further expand our product and design services capabilities.
summary of results of operations and non-gaap financial measures the following table presents a summary of our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                              2013                              2012
(in millions, except percentages)
revenues                    $730.0         100.0   %          $555.1         100.0   %          $433.8         100.0   %
income from operations        86.2          11.8                76.5          13.8                66.0          15.2
net income                    69.6           9.5                62.0          11.2                54.5          12.6
for 2014, we reported results of operations consistent with the continued execution of our strategy. in 2014, our operating expenses increased in line with increase in revenues. we continue to invest in our people, processes and infrastructure to support our goal to deliver high-quality offerings that meet the needs of our customers, differentiate our value proposition from that of our competition, and drive scale and growth.
the key highlights of our consolidated results for 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
•   the european segment continued its strong performance, generating revenue growth of $95.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2014, or 46.6% over 2013;
•   revenue increased in all our key verticals in 2014 as compared to 2013, specifically within the banking and financial services and travel and consumer verticals, which grew $59.1 million and $40.5 million respectively.
•   our organic growth was complemented by four strategic acquisitions completed during 2014, which expanded our highly skilled employee base, geographic footprint and service capabilities. through acquisitions, we added capabilities in the healthcare and life sciences industries, forming a foundation for emerging verticals.
•   income from operations grew by 12.7% for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared with 2013 while income from operations as a percentage of revenues decreased by 2.0%. the decrease was due to a combination of factors, including an increase of $11.5 million in stock-based compensation expense, a $2.6 million increase in amortization and depreciation expenses related to our 2014 acquisitions, a $2.6 million write-down of prepaid assets to adjust the book value of prepaid construction costs to an estimated recoverable amount and a $1.1 million write-down of construction in progress costs, as well as a $2.2 million write off due to goodwill impairment in the russia segment.
•   net income increased by 12.3% during 2014 compared with 2013. expressed as a percentage of revenues, net income decreased by 1.7% due to the items noted above, as well as the effects of significant adverse foreign exchange rate changes to several currencies, specifically the russian ruble, in 2014 as compared to 2013.
the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
33
in our quarterly earnings press releases and conference calls, we discuss the following key measures that are not calculated according to u.s.gaap:
•   non-gaap income from operations is the income from operations as reported on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income exclusive of certain expenses and benefits.
•   non-gaap operating margin is the non-gaap income from operations as a percentage of reported revenues.
we believe that these non-gaap measures help illustrate trends in our core business and we use these measures to establish budgets and operational goals, manage our business and evaluate our performance. we exclude certain expenses and benefits from non-gaap income from operations that we believe are not reflective of these underlying business trends and are not useful measures in determining our operational performance and overall business strategy. because our reported non-gaap financial measures are not calculated according to gaap, these measures are not comparable to gaap and may not be comparable to similarly described non-gaap measures reported by other companies within our industry. consequently, our non-gaap financial measures should not be evaluated in isolation from or supplant comparable gaap measures, but, rather, should be considered together with our financial statements, which are prepared according to gaap. the following table presents a reconciliation of income from operations as reported on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income to non-gaap income from operations and non-gaap operating margin for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
for the years ended december 31,
2014                  2013                  2012
(in thousands, except percent)
gaap income from operations                           $86,183               $76,493               $66,006
stock-based compensation expense                       24,620                13,150                 6,826
amortization of purchased intangible assets             5,349                 2,785                 1,024
acquisition-related costs                                 904                   218                   500
goodwill impairment loss                                2,241                     -                     -
other expenses/(income) and one-time items              3,845                  (807    )              584
non-gaap income from operations                      $123,142               $91,839               $74,940
gaap operating margin                                    11.8    %             13.8    %             15.2    %
effect of the adjustments detailed above                  5.1                   2.7                   2.1
non-gaap operating margin                                16.9    %             16.5    %             17.3    %
from time to time, we acquire businesses and as such incur operating expenses, which are not related to our core company or segment operations and may include acquisition-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets. these costs vary with the size and complexity of the related acquisition and are generally inconsistent in amount and frequency, therefore, the size, complexity and volume of past acquisitions, which often drive the magnitude of acquisition-related costs, may not be indicative of the size, complexity and volume of future transactions and costs.
amortization of purchased intangible assets is excluded from our non-gaap measures to allow management to evaluate our operating results as if these assets have been developed internally rather than acquired in a business combination. we believe this approach provides a supplemental measure of performance in which the acquired intangible assets are treated in a manner comparable to the internally developed assets.
stock-based compensation expense is excluded from our non-gaap measures because we believe such exclusion allows for a more accurate comparison of our operating results among the periods, as well as enhances comparability with operating results of peer companies.
we also exclude certain other expenses and one-time charges that we believe are not indicative of what we consider to be organic continuing operations. such items include impairment write-offs of goodwill and other assets, legal settlement expenses, and certain other non-cash one-time charges and write offs.
see our "results of operations" section below for a more detailed discussion and analysis of these charges.
we have significant international operations, and we earn revenues and incur expenses in multiple currencies. when important to management's analysis, operating results are compared in "constant currency terms", a non-gaap financial
34
measure that excludes the effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the effect of rate fluctuations is excluded by translating the current period's revenues and expenses into u.s. dollars at the weighted average exchange rates of the prior period of comparison. see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" of this report for a discussion of our exposure to exchange rates.
effects of inflation economies in cis countries such as belarus, russia, kazakhstan and ukraine have periodically experienced high rates of inflation.
ukraine has been experiencing heightened political and economic turmoil with no improvement as of the date of this report. various news sources estimate that inflation has been increasing and the rate of increase has been accelerating throughout 2014. according to news reports, the peace talks continue and efforts to improve the government are in progress, however, the cost of the continuing crisis is severely impacting the ukrainian economy. the ukrainian currency has been weakened and the negative outlook in the ukrainian economy continues. the functional currency for financial reporting purposes in ukraine is us dollars.
due to russia's annexation of crimea, which was a part of ukraine, the united states and the european union have imposed and expanded sanctions targeting russian government and government-controlled interests and certain government officials. the expanded sanctions issued by the us department of treasury and the european union also restrict involvement in certain extensions of credit and financing activities for russian debtors and restrict certain business activities in sectors such as off-shore oil and defense. we believe these sanctions do not prevent us from providing our services to our customers.
in february 2014, the government of kazakhstan devalued the local currency, the tenge, by 19%. the government kept inflation for 2014 within forecasted range of 6% to 8% with forecast of around 7% for 2015 with a steady decrease towards 6% later that year. however, political and economic instability in the region may contribute to the economic uncertainty in kazakhstan.
belarus over the last several years has been experiencing hyperinflation. the measures currently used by the belarusian government to control this recent inflation include monetary policy and pricing instruments, including increasing interest rates and the use of anti-monopoly laws to prevent the increase in pricing of goods, as well as privatization and using foreign borrowings to replenish the budget and stabilize the local currency. inflation, government actions to combat inflation and public speculation about possible additional actions have also contributed to economic uncertainty in belarus. belarus may experience high levels of inflation in the future. for the year ended december 31, 2014, we had approximately $1.5, or 0.2%, of our revenues denominated in belarusian rubles. the functional currency for financial reporting purposes in belarus is us dollars.
periods of higher inflation may slow economic growth in those countries. inflation also is likely to increase some of our costs and expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our clients and, as a result, may reduce our profitability. inflationary pressures could also affect our ability to access financial markets and lead to counter-inflationary measures that may harm our financial condition, results of operations or adversely affect the market price of our securities.
results of operations the following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated. this information should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
35
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                                                 2013                                  2012
(in thousands, except percentages)
revenues                                                              $730,027           100.0   %          $555,117           100.0   %          $433,799           100.0   %
operating expenses:
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)(1)       456,530            62.5               347,650            62.6               270,361            62.3
selling, general and administrative expenses(2)                        163,666            22.4               116,497            21.0                85,868            19.8
depreciation and amortization expense                                   17,483             2.4                15,120             2.7                10,882             2.5
goodwill impairment loss                                                 2,241             0.3                     -               -                     -               -
other operating expenses, net                                            3,924             0.6                  (643   )        (0.1   )   682                         0.2
income from operations                                                  86,183            11.8                76,493            13.8                66,006            15.2
interest and other income, net                                           4,769             0.7                 3,077             0.5                 1,941             0.5
change in fair value of contingent consideration                        (1,924   )        (0.3   )                 -               -                     -               -
foreign exchange loss                                                   (2,075   )        (0.3   )            (2,800   )        (0.5   )            (2,084   )        (0.5   )
income before provision for income taxes                                86,953            11.9                76,770            13.8                65,863            15.2
provision for income taxes                                              17,312             2.4                14,776             2.6                11,379             2.6
net income                                                             $69,641             9.5   %           $61,994            11.2   %           $54,484            12.6   %
(1)   included $8,648, $4,823 and $2,809 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively;
(2)   included $15,972, $8,327 and $4,017 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
revenues our revenues are derived primarily from providing software development services to our clients. we discuss below the breakdown of our revenue by service offering, vertical, client location, contract type and client concentration. revenues consist of it services revenues and reimbursable expenses and other revenues, which primarily include travel and entertainment costs that are chargeable to clients.
revenues by service offering software development includes software product development, custom application development services and enterprise application platforms services, and has historically represented, and we expect to continue to represent, the substantial majority of our business. the following table sets forth revenues by service offering by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                       2013                                2012
software development                          $504,590          69.1   %          $374,426          67.4   %          $290,139          66.8   %
application testing services                   140,363          19.2               109,222          19.7                85,849          19.8
application maintenance and support             58,840           8.1                45,971           8.3                36,056           8.3
infrastructure services                         14,198           1.9                14,433           2.6                12,424           2.9
licensing                                        3,626           0.5                 3,439           0.6                 2,914           0.7
reimbursable expenses and other revenues         8,410           1.2                 7,626           1.4                 6,417           1.5
revenues                                      $730,027         100.0   %          $555,117         100.0   %          $433,799         100.0   %
revenues by vertical we analyze our revenue by separating our clients into four main industry sectors or verticals as detailed in the following table. also, we serve clients in other industries such as oil and gas, telecommunications, healthcare, life sciences, retail, insurance and several others, which are currently reported in aggregate under other verticals. the following table sets
36
forth revenues by vertical by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                       2013                                2012
banking and financial services                $215,425          29.5   %          $156,340          28.2   %          $111,941          25.8   %
isvs and technology                            157,944          21.6               134,970          24.3               106,852          24.6
travel and consumer                            157,756          21.6               117,248          21.1                95,965          22.1
business information and media                  91,726          12.6                75,677          13.6                62,398          14.4
other                                           98,766          13.5                63,256          11.4                50,226          11.6
reimbursable expenses and other revenues         8,410           1.2                 7,626           1.4                 6,417           1.5
revenues                                      $730,027         100.0   %          $555,117         100.0   %          $433,799         100.0   %
revenues by client location our revenues are sourced from three geographic markets: north america, europe and cis. in 2014, we established a new geographic market in the apac region as a result of an acquisition. we present and discuss our revenues by client location based on the location of the specific client site that we serve, irrespective of the location of the headquarters of the client or the location of the delivery center where the work is performed. revenue by client location is different from the revenue by reportable segment in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. segments are not based on the geographic location of the clients but are rather based on the geography of the management responsible for a particular client regardless of client's physical location. the following table sets forth revenues by client location by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                       2013                                2012
north america                                 $367,498          50.4   %          $281,738          50.8   %          $206,901          47.7   %
europe                                         284,853          39.0               200,137          36.1               155,168          35.8
united kingdom                                 141,366          19.4               108,892          19.6                98,346          22.7
switzerland                                     87,111          11.9                51,941           9.4                30,120           6.9
other                                           56,376           7.7                39,304           7.1                26,702           6.2
cis                                             55,807           7.6                65,616          11.7                65,313          15.0
russia                                          48,945           6.7                53,328           9.6                47,536          11.0
other                                            6,862           0.9                12,288           2.1                17,777           4.0
apac                                            13,459           1.8                     -             -                     -             -
reimbursable expenses and other revenues         8,410           1.2                 7,626           1.4                 6,417           1.5
revenues                                      $730,027         100.0   %          $555,117         100.0   %          $433,799         100.0   %
revenues by contract type our services are performed under both time-and-material and fixed-price arrangements. our engagement models depend on the type of services provided to a client, the mix and locations of professionals involved and the business outcomes our clients are looking to achieve. historically, the vast majority of our revenues have been generated under time-and-material contracts. under time-and-material contracts, we are compensated for actual time incurred by our it professionals at negotiated hourly, daily or monthly rates. fixed-price contracts require us to perform services throughout the contractual period and we are paid in installments on pre-agreed intervals. we expect time-and-material arrangements to continue to comprise the majority of our revenues in the future.
the following table sets forth revenues by contract type by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
37
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                       2013                                2012
time-and-material                             $618,725          84.7   %          $456,938          82.3   %          $364,853          84.1   %
fixed-price                                     99,266          13.6                87,114          15.7                59,615          13.7
licensing                                        3,626           0.5                 3,439           0.6                 2,914           0.7
reimbursable expenses and other revenues         8,410           1.2                 7,626           1.4                 6,417           1.5
revenues                                      $730,027         100.0   %          $555,117         100.0   %          $433,799         100.0   %
revenues by client concentration we have grown our revenues from our clients by continually expanding the scope and size of our engagements, and we have grown our key client base through internal business development efforts and several strategic acquisitions.
our focus on delivering quality to our clients is reflected by an average of 93.1% and 81.5% of our revenues in 2014 coming from clients that had used our services for at least one and two years, respectively. in addition, we have significantly grown the size of existing accounts. the number of clients that accounted for over $5.0 million in annual revenues increased to 24 in 2014 from 10 in 2010, and the number of clients that generated at least $0.5 million in revenues increased to 181 in 2014 from 72 in 2010.
the following table sets forth revenues contributed by our top one, top five and top ten clients by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2014                                             2013                              2012
top client           $97,639          13.4   %         $53,136           9.6   %         $39,854           9.2   %
top five clients     239,396          32.8             169,987          30.6             134,484          31.0
top ten clients      320,126          43.9             234,955          42.3             192,426          44.4
operating expenses cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
the principal components of our cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) are salaries, employee benefits, stock compensation expense, travel costs and subcontractor fees for it professionals and subcontractors that are assigned to client projects. salaries and other compensation expenses of our it professionals are reported as cost of revenue regardless of whether they are actually performing client services during a given period.
the cost of revenues are dependent on utilization levels. our ability to manage our utilization levels depends significantly on our ability to hire and train high-performing it professionals and to staff projects appropriately. our staff utilization also depends on the general economy and its effect on our clients and their business decisions regarding the use of our services. some of our it professionals are specifically hired and trained to work for specific clients or on specific projects, and some of our offshore development centers are dedicated to specific clients or specific projects.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses represent expenses associated with promoting and selling our services and general administrative functions of our business. these expenses include senior management, administrative personnel and sales and marketing personnel salaries; stock compensation expense, related fringe benefits, commissions and travel costs for those employees; legal and audit expenses, insurance, operating lease expenses, and the cost of advertising and other promotional activities. in addition, we pay a membership fee of 1% of revenues collected in belarus to the administrative organization of the belarus hi-tech park.
our selling, general and administrative expenses have increased primarily as a result of our expanding operations, acquisitions, and the hiring of a number of senior managers to support our growth. we expect our selling, general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute terms as our business expands but will generally remain steady or slightly decrease as a percentage of our revenues.
38
provision for income taxes determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowance, if any, involves judgment. as a global company, we are required to calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. during 2014, 2013 and 2012, we had $94.2, $69.8 million, and $56.6 million, respectively, in income before provision for income taxes attributed to our foreign jurisdictions. the statutory tax rate in our foreign jurisdictions is lower than the statutory u.s. tax rate. additionally, we have secured special tax benefits in belarus and hungary as described below. as a result, our provision for income taxes is low in comparison to income before taxes due to the benefit received from increased income earned in low tax jurisdictions. the foreign tax rate differential represents this significant reduction. changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual pre-tax income can also affect our overall effective income tax rate.
our provision for income taxes also includes the impact of provisions established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as the related net interest. tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we cannot assure you that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from our current estimates. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, statute of limitation lapse or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
our subsidiary in belarus is a member of the belarus hi-tech park, in which member technology companies are 100% exempt from the current belarusian income tax rate of 18%. the "on high-technologies park" decree, which created the belarus hi-tech park, is in effect for a period of 15 years from july 1, 2006.
our subsidiary in hungary benefits from a tax credit of 10% of annual qualified salaries, taken over a four-year period, for up to 70% of the total tax due for that period. we have been able to take the full 70% credit for 2007 to 2012. the hungarian tax authorities repealed the tax credit beginning with 2012. credits earned in years prior to 2012, however, were allowed through 2014. we have utilized up to the 70% limit until 2014.
our domestic income before provision for income taxes differs from the north america segment income before provision for income taxes because segment operating profit is a management reporting measure, which does not take into account most corporate expenses, as well as the majority of non-operating costs and stock compensation expenses. we do not hold our segment managers accountable for these expenses, as they cannot influence these costs within the scope of their operating authority, nor do we believe it is practical to allocate these costs to specific segments, as they are not directly attributable to any specific segment. all our segments are treated consistently with respect to such expenses when determining segment operating profit.
2014 compared to 2013
during 2014, our revenues grew in excess of 30.0% over 2013, from $555.1 million to a record $730.0 million. the increase was attributable to a combination of factors, including deeper penetration to existing customers and attainment of new customers, both organically and through acquisitions. in 2014, revenue from new customers was $49.7 million, primarily resulting from our 2014 acquisitions, and does not include new clients that are affiliates of existing customers. our 2014 acquisitions increased our total revenues by $39.8 million, however, some of the acquired clients are affiliated with our existing clients and, therefore, we consider them an expansion of existing business. in addition, total revenues in 2014 and 2013 included $8.4 million and $7.6 million of reimbursable expenses and other revenues, respectively, which increased by 10.3% in 2014 as compared to 2013, but remained relatively flat as a percentage of revenues.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, revenues in our largest geography, north america, grew $85.8 million, or 30.4%, as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. expressed as a percentage of consolidated revenues, the north america geography accounted for 50.4% in 2014, which represented a decrease of 0.4% over 2013. the slight decrease was primarily a result of accelerated growth in the european geography.
revenues from all verticals in north america grew during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. the largest growth was in the north america's other vertical due to acquiring new clients in the healthcare, insurance and life sciences industries through a 2014 acquisition as well as creating synergies with existing customers in those markets. during the year ended december 31, 2014 combined revenue growth from customers in the other vertical accounted for $33.8 million, representing a 94.3%, growth over prior year.
our travel and consumer vertical in north america geography increased by $15.0 million, or 28.4%, as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in this vertical was primarily driven by the rapid expansion of our strategic
39
relationship with a large retail chain, a relationship we acquired in 2012. during the year ended december 31, 2014, revenues from the business information and media vertical in north america increased by $12.5 million, or 21.8%, as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. the growth in this vertical in 2014 was attributable to resumed growth in revenues from certain long-time major customers who had decreased demand for our services in 2013. north america's largest vertical, isvs and technology, experienced growth of $19.8 million or 16.2% during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, our banking and financial services vertical remained our dominant vertical in europe geography. in 2014 revenues from the banking and financial services vertical increased by $42.5 million, or 39.9%, respectively, over the corresponding periods of 2013. continued solid performance of the banking and financial services vertical was attributable to an increased demand for our services and ongoing relationships with existing top customers located in europe. we experienced increased business from our top customer located in switzerland, nearly doubling the revenue during 2014 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. furthermore, we continue to see growing demand for our services from european-based customers within the travel and consumer and business information and media verticals. during the year ended december 31, 2014 combined revenues from these verticals increased by $30.9 million, respectively, year ended december 31, 2014 and accounted for 36.4% of total growth in this geography during periods indicated. europe's other vertical grew 65.0% or $8.0 million in 2014, mainly due to addition of new clients through our 2014 acquisitions.
revenues in the cis geography showed a decrease of $9.8 million or 14.9% on a year-to-date bases compared to 2013. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to budgetary delays with certain customers located in russia, as well as a decline in business from one of our largest customers in kazakhstan. additionally, significant foreign currency fluctuations in russia and cis countries had a material negative impact on the revenues from those locations.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was $456.5 million and $347.7 million, respectively, representing an increase of 31.3% for the year ended december 31, 2014 over the corresponding period of 2013, mainly due to increase in hiring of revenue generating professionals. as a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization), decreased 0.1% over the corresponding period of 2013, to 62.5% of consolidated revenues.
the increase in cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) in 2014 was primarily driven by a $107.9 million increase in personnel-related costs, the main component of cost of revenue, as well as an increase in stock-based compensation expense for our revenue generating it professionals of $3.8 million. the increases in all of these costs were the result of organic increase in headcount as well as personnel additions from acquisitions.
selling, general and administrative expenses we continued to invest in key areas, including sales, infrastructure, industry expertise, and other functions supporting global operations.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, selling, general and administrative expenses totaled $163.7 million, representing an increase of 40.5% from $116.5 million during 2013. as a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses represent 22.4% of consolidated revenues, an increase of 1.4% over last year. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2014 was primarily driven by a $30.2 million increase in total personnel-related costs, which include stock based compensation relating to the non-production personnel impact of the four 2014 acquisitions. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we incurred $13.4 million of selling, general and administrative costs related to our 2014 acquisitions, including $4.1 million of stock-based compensation expense, which resulted in a 1.8% increase in selling, general and administrative expenses expressed as a percentage of revenues.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense was $17.5 million in 2014, representing an increase of $2.4 million over 2013. expressed as a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense totaled 2.4% and remained at the same level compared with 2013.
goodwill impairment loss we performed an annual goodwill impairment test as of october 31, 2014 in accordance with prescribed guidance. in assessing impairment both qualitatively and quantitatively based on the total of the expected future discounted cash flows directly related to the reporting unit, the company determined that the fair value of the russia reporting unit was below the carrying value of the reporting unit. the company completed the second step of the goodwill impairment test, resulting in an
40
impairment charge of $2.2 million as of december 31, 2014. all assets that related to the russia segment, excluding goodwill and including any unrecognized intangible assets, were assessed by management and deemed to not be impaired.
other operating expenses, net during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded a $2.6 million write-down in prepaid assets and a 1.1 million write-down of capitalized costs related to the construction of our corporate facilities in belarus. please see note 16 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
interest and other income, net net interest and other income was $4.8 million in 2014, representing an increase of 55.0% from $3.1 million received in 2013. the increase was primarily driven by interest received on cash accounts in belarus and, to a lesser extent, interest earned on employee housing loans.
provision for income taxes the company's effective tax rate was 19.9% and 19.2% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the primary factors that caused this increase in the rate for the above-mentioned periods are: (a) the four acquisitions completed during 2014, which added other tax jurisdictions into the company's worldwide effective tax rate analysis; (b) a larger portion of the company's pre-tax profits attributable to tax jurisdictions with relatively higher effective tax rates (as compared to effective tax rates within the cis region) were seen in 2014 and (c) a relative shift in offshore services that were performed in belarus to other countries in the cis region (specifically ukraine and, to a lesser extent, russia). both of those locations have higher income tax rates than belarus, where the company is currently entitled to a 100% exemption from belarusian income tax.
2013 compared to 2012
revenues revenues were $555.1 million and $433.8 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively, representing an increase of 28.0%. the increase was attributable to a combination of factors, including higher sales to existing and acquisition of new customers, which contributed $98.4 million and $21.7 million, respectively, to consolidated revenue growth. in addition, total revenues in 2013 and 2012 included $7.6 million and $6.4 million of reimbursable expenses and other revenues, respectively, which increased by 18.8% in 2013 as compared to 2012, but remained relatively flat as a percentage of revenues.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, north america, our largest geography, grew $74.8 million, or 36.2%, as compared with the year ended december 31, 2012. as a percentage of revenues, our north american geography accounted for 50.8% in 2013, which represented an increase of 3.1% over 2012. the growth in north america was driven by many realized opportunities in virtually every vertical. in particular, our isvs and technology vertical grew 30.0% as compared to 2012, primarily driven by an expansion of existing client relationships, which accounted for $25.9 million, or 91.6%, of the growth of this vertical over 2012. solid performance of our north american geography was also a reflection of additional revenue streams created by our 2012 acquisitions. this was especially noticeable in the business information and media vertical, which grew 8.9% in 2013 as compared to 2012 despite a significant decrease in revenues from one of our largest customers, thomson reuters. without the impact of declining revenues from this customer, the business information and media vertical increased $11.6 million, or 43.6% in 2013 over the corresponding periods of 2012. additionally, our travel and consumer vertical grew $18.7 million, or 55.1%, in 2013 as compared to 2012 and accounted for 25.0% of total growth in our north american geography in 2013. most of this increase was attributable to revenues from one of our strategic customers acquired in 2012, which had been on our "top ten" customer list since the second quarter of 2013. during the year ended december 31, 2013, revenues from this customer accounted for 20.7% of total revenue growth in north america, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, the banking and financial services vertical remained our dominant vertical in europe and accounted for 78.9% of total revenue growth in this geography. in 2013, revenues from banking and financial services vertical increased $35.5 million, or 49.8%, over 2012. it was also our largest and fastest growing vertical on a consolidated basis. strong performance of this vertical can be attributed to an increased demand for our services and ongoing relationship with existing customers located in europe. in particular, 29.5% of total revenue growth during 2013 over the 2012 results was attributable to increased business from certain of our largest banking and financial services customers located in the united kingdom and switzerland. additionally, over the course of the year ended december 31, 2013, our business information and media vertical grew significantly into the european markets. during the year ended december 31, 2013, this vertical increased $7.3 million, or 86.5%, over 2012, and accounted for 16.2% of the total growth in the european geography.
revenues in the cis geography increased $0.3 million, or 0.5%, in 2013 as compared to 2012. a slower growth rate as compared with the performance of other geographies in 2013 was due to a combination of factors. following the addition of a
41
number of new customers in the fourth quarter of 2012, revenues from our travel and consumer vertical increased $2.7 million, or 49.1%, in 2013 as compared with 2012. however, that growth in the travel and consumer vertical was more than offset by a lower growth rate in the banking and financial services vertical, the largest vertical in this geography, which increased $2.6 million, or 8.1%, in 2013 over 2012. in addition, included in 2012 results were $4.0 million of revenues recognized upon completion of a fixed-priced project that did not recur in 2013.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
during the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was $347.7 million and $270.4 million, respectively, representing an increase of 28.6% in 2013 over the corresponding period of 2012.
the increase in cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) in 2013 as compared to 2012 was primarily driven by a net increase of 845 it professionals, from 8,495 as of december 31, 2012, to 9,340 as of december 31, 2013, to support the growth in demand for our services. as a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) increased by 0.3% in 2013, as compared to the corresponding period of 2012, primarily as a result of higher compensation and benefits of our it professionals.
selling, general and administrative expenses during the year ended december 31, 2013, selling, general and administrative expenses were $116.5 million, representing an increase of 35.7% from $85.9 million in 2012. as a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 21.0% in 2013, or 1.2%, compared to 2012. most of this increase was attributable to higher compensation and benefits of our non-production staff in 2013 as compared to 2012 as we continued to invest into key areas, including sales, industry expertise, and other functions supporting global operations. in addition, selling, general and administrative expenses included $3.3 million of additional stock-based compensation expense related to our 2012 acquisitions, which caused our selling, general, and administrative expenses to increase by 0.5% as a percentage of revenues in 2013 over 2012.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense was $15.1 million in 2013, representing an increase of $4.2 million over 2012. the increase was driven by additional capital expenditures to support headcount growth. as a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense increased to 2.7% in 2013 from 2.5% in 2012 primarily as a result of $1.9 million of additional expenses related to amortization of purchased intangible assets acquired in 2012.
other operating (income)/ expenses, net net other operating income was $0.6 million in 2013 as compared to $0.7 million of expenses recorded in the corresponding period of 2012. net other operating expenses recorded in 2012 were primarily attributable to the issuance of 53,336 shares of common stock to instant information inc., a 2010 asset acquisition, upon the completion of our initial public offering in the first quarter of 2012, which did not recur in 2013. additionally, during 2013 we received $0.8 million in connection with prior-year write-offs of other assets.
interest and other income, net net interest and other income was $3.1 million in 2013, representing an increase of 58.5% from $1.9 million received in 2012. the increase was largely driven by an increase in interest income earned on cash accounts in belarus and, to a lesser extent, interest earned on employee housing loans in 2013 which accounted for $0.3 million.
provision for income taxes our worldwide effective tax rate was 19.2% and 17.3% in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in the worldwide effective tax rate in 2013, as compared to the corresponding period of 2012, was primarily due to (a) a higher portion of pre-tax profits attributable to our north american tax jurisdiction as a result of an acquisition completed in the second half of 2012; and (b) a relative shift in offshore services performed in belarus, where we currently entitled to a 100% exemption from belarusian income tax, to ukraine, and, to a lesser extent, russia, both of which have higher income tax rates.
results by business segment our operations consist of four reportable segments: north america, europe, russia and other. the segments represent components of epam for which separate financial information is available that is used on a regular basis by our chief executive
42
officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker ("codm"), in determining how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. this determination is based on the unique business practices and market specifics of each region and that each region engages in business activities from which it earns revenues and incurs expenses. our reportable segments are based on managerial responsibility for a particular client. because managerial responsibility for a particular client relationship generally correlates with the client's geographic location, there is a high degree of similarity between client locations and the geographic boundaries of our reportable segments. in some specific cases, however, managerial responsibility for a particular client is assigned to a management team in another region, usually based on the strength of the relationship between client executives and particular members of our senior management team. in a case like this, the client's activity would be reported through the management team's reportable segment. our codm evaluates the company's performance and allocates resources based on segment revenues and operating profit.
segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. generally, operating expenses for each operating segment have similar characteristics and are subject to similar factors, pressures and challenges. expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as an allocation of certain shared services expenses. we use globally integrated support organizations to realize economies of scale and efficient use of resources. as a result, a majority of our expenses is shared by all segments. these shared expenses include delivery, recruitment and development, sales and marketing, and support functions such as it, finance, legal, and human resources. generally, shared expenses are allocated based on measurable drivers of expense, e.g., recorded hours or headcount. however, certain expenses are not specifically allocated to specific segments, as management does not believe it is practical to allocate such costs to individual segments because they are not directly attributable to any specific segment. further, stock based compensation expense is not allocated to individual segments in internal management reports used by the chief operating decision maker. accordingly, these expenses are separately disclosed as "unallocated" and adjusted only against our total income from operations.
revenues from external clients and segment operating profit, before unallocated expenses, for the north america, europe, russia and other reportable segments for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2014                                                2013                    2012
(in thousands)
total segment revenues:
north america                       $374,509                $284,636                $197,271
europe                               299,279                 204,150                 168,913
russia                                50,663                  55,764                  50,552
other                                  5,552                  10,493                  16,986
total segment revenues              $730,003                $555,043                $433,722
segment operating profit:
north america                        $90,616                 $66,814                 $38,671
europe                                50,189                  34,573                  32,750
russia                                 7,034                   7,077                   9,049
other                                 (3,220    )   844                                6,985
total segment operating profit      $144,619                $109,308                 $87,455
2014 compared to 2013
north america segment during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 revenues from our north america segment were 51.3% and 51.3% of total revenues representing an increase of $89.9 million, or 31.6%, over the corresponding period in 2013. the north america segment's operating profits increased by $23.8 million, or 35.6%, as compared to the same period of 2013, to $90.6 million net operating profit.
the increase in revenues during the year ended december 31, 2014, was primarily driven by continued expansion of existing customer relationships, as well, as our recent acquisitions. the largest growth was in the other vertical due to acquiring new clients in the healthcare, insurance and life sciences industries through a 2014 acquisition as well as creating synergies with existing customers in those markets. during the year ended december 31, 2014, combined revenue growth from customers in the other vertical accounted for $34.8 million, representing a 97.4% growth over prior year.
43
all other verticals in the north america segment experienced revenue growth and increases in operating profit in 2014 as compared to 2013, mainly due to increased business from our long term clients with some contribution from the clients acquired in connection with acquisitions. the largest vertical, the isvs and technology, grew revenues by $22.1 million, or 18.6%, in 2014 as compared to the corresponding period of 2013. revenues from our travel and consumer vertical in 2014 increased by $14.6 million, or 26.7%, as compared to the corresponding period in 2013. banking and financial services had an increase in revenue of $5.9 million or 45.4%, and operating profit increased by 104.9% in this vertical in 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. business information and media grew in revenue $12.5 million or 20% for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013.
europe segment during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, revenues from our europe segment were 41.0% and 36.8% of total segment revenues, respectively, representing an increase of $95.1 million, or 46.6%, in 2014 over the 2013 results. during 2014, the europe segment's operating profits increased by $15.6 million, or 45.2%, as compared to the corresponding period of 2013, to $50.2 million net profit from the segment's operations.
europe continues to be a rapidly growing segment in our portfolio, given our nearshore delivery capabilities, and our value proposition in delivering quality software engineering solutions and services. our business model continues to gain considerable traction with european-based clients primarily in the banking and financial services and travel and consumer verticals. furthermore, our europe segment benefited from the acquisition of jointech, a company with locations in south-east asia, which created a new value proposition for our existing customers within the banking and financial services vertical, particularly in the areas of investment banking, wealth and asset management, and extended our reach into new geography. we expect that many of our new and existing customers in other business verticals will use our services in that fast-growing region resulting in possible revenue and operating profit increases to the europe segment.
russia and other segments during the years ended december 31, 2014, revenues from the russia and other operating segments decreased by $5.1 million and $4.9 million, respectively, over corresponding period of 2013. operating profits of the russia segment showed no changes when compared with the operating profits of this segment in 2013, while profits of other segments decreased $4.1 million compared to 2013.
revenues and operating profits in the russia and other segments are subject to volatility resulting from revenue recognition delays related to finalizing budgets for certain arrangements with major customers in those segments. as a result, we recorded the cost related to the performance of services in 2014 with no associated revenues recognized in the period that services were rendered. these business arrangements were further exacerbated by strong foreign currency fluctuations in the fourth quarter of 2014, negatively impacting our business in russia and cis countries.
2013 compared to 2012
north america segment during the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, revenues from the north america segment were 51.3% and 45.5% of total segment revenues, respectively, representing an increase of $87.4 million, or 44.3%, in 2013 over the 2012 results. the north america segment's operating profits increased by $28.1 million, or 72.8%, as compared to the corresponding period of 2012, to $66.8 million net profit from the segment's operations.
the increase in revenues during year ended december 31, 2013, was primarily driven by continued expansion of existing client relationships, as well as by revenues contributed by new clients, including through the acquisitions of thoughtcorp and empathy lab completed in 2012. within the segment, revenue from our isvs and technology vertical increased $29.0 million, or 32.3%, in 2013 as compared to the corresponding period of 2012, representing 33.2% of the overall segment growth. our travel and consumer vertical was the fastest growing vertical in 2013 with revenues increasing by $26.5 million, or 94.6%, in 2013 as compared to the corresponding period in 2012. the increase in the segment's operating profit in 2013 as compared to 2012 was primarily driven by increased revenues and improved profitability, partially offset by an increase in compensation and benefits of our it professionals primarily as a result of added headcount to support our revenue growth and continued demand for onsite resources.
europe segment during the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, revenues from our europe segment were 36.8% and 38.9% of total segment revenues, respectively, representing an increase of $35.2 million, or 20.9%, in 2013 over the 2012 results. during
44
2013, the europe segment's operating profits increased by $1.8 million, or 5.6%, as compared to the corresponding period of 2012, to $34.6 million net profit from the segment's operations.
europe continues to be a rapidly growing segment in our portfolio, given our nearshore delivery capabilities, and our value proposition in delivering quality software engineering solutions and services is continuing to gain considerable traction with european-based clients. within the segment, growth was the strongest in our banking and financial services vertical, with 2013 revenues increasing by approximately $36.9 million, or 52.0%, over the corresponding period of 2012. the decrease in the segment's operating profit as a percentage of the european segment's revenues in 2013 as compared to 2012, was primarily due to an increase in compensation expense relative to recognized service revenues in 2013 as compared to 2012.
russia segment during the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, revenues from our russia segment were 10.0% and 11.7% of total segment revenues, respectively. in 2013, revenues from the russia segment were $55.8 million, representing an increase of $5.2 million, or 10.3%, over the 2012 results. during 2013, our russia segment's operating profits decreased by $2.0 million, or 21.8%, as compared to the corresponding period of 2012, to $7.1 million net profit from the segment's operations.
within the segment, 2013 revenues from the banking and financial services and travel and consumer verticals increased $2.4 million and $2.8 million, respectively, accounting for most of the segment's growth in the period indicated. the decrease in operating profits of the russia segment in 2013 when compared to 2012 was primarily attributable to revenue recognition delays related to fixed-price projects. revenue recognition on such projects is susceptible to timing delays. as a result, there may be instances where we record the cost related to the performance of services with no associated revenue recognized in the period that services were rendered. in particular, we estimate a total of $2.5 million of revenues remained unrecognized as of december 31, 2013 in the russia segment, with related costs reflected in the segment's operating results for the year then ended. similarly, we may record revenue in a period where the underlying expenses have been recorded in a previous period, which would significantly improve the operating margin of the russia segment in the period of recognition. consequently, a higher concentration of fixed-price projects in the russia segment affects the period-over-period comparability of the segment's operating results.
other segment during the year ended december 31, 2013, revenues from the other segment were $10.5 million, or 1.9% of total segment revenues, representing a decrease of $6.5 million, or 38.2%, from the 2012 results. during 2013, our other segment's operating profits decreased by $6.1 million, as compared to the corresponding period of 2012, to $0.8 million.
the decrease in revenues and operating profits of the other segment in 2013, as compared to 2012, was primarily attributable to a completion of a large fixed-priced project in 2012 with $4.6 million revenues and $2.5 million operating profit recognized in 2012 that did not recur in 2013. in addition, the fourth quarter of 2012 benefited significantly from fixed-priced project with one of our largest customers in that segment that did not recur in 2013.
liquidity and capital resources capital resources at december 31, 2014, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling $220.5 million, and $100.0 million of available borrowings under our revolving line of credit. as of that date, $176.3 million of our total cash and cash equivalents was held outside the united states. of this amount, $33.8 million was held in u.s. dollar denominated accounts in belarus, including deposits that accrued interest at an average interest rate of 4.1% during 2014. also, at december 31, 2014, $75.8 million in us dollars was held in a bank in uk by our cyprus entity, which was repatriated from belarus earlier in the year, and $14.4 million in russia. our subsidiaries in the cis or apac regions do not maintain significant balances denominated in currencies other than u.s. dollars.
the cash and cash equivalents held at locations outside of the united states are for future operating expenses and we have no intention of repatriating those funds. however, if necessary, there are no restrictions on repatriating those funds back to the united states. if we decide to remit funds to the united states in the form of dividends, $176.3 million would be subject to foreign withholding taxes, of which $168.6 million would also be subject to u.s. corporate income tax. we believe that our available cash and cash equivalents held in the united states and cash flow to be generated from domestic operations will be adequate to satisfy our domestic liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. our ability to expand and grow our business in accordance with current plans and to meet our long-term capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate, if any, at which our cash flows increase, our continued intent not to repatriate earnings from outside the u.s. and the
45
availability of public and private debt and equity financing. to the extent we pursue one or more significant strategic acquisitions, we may incur debt or sell additional equity to finance those acquisitions.
on september 12, 2014, we entered into a new agreement establishing a revolving credit facility with pnc bank, national association; santander bank, n.a; and silicon valley bank (collectively the "lenders"). this credit facility (the "2014 credit facility") consists of a $100.0 million revolving line of credit, with a maturity date of september 12, 2019. there is potential to increase the credit facility up to $200.0 million if certain conditions are met. borrowings under the 2014 credit facility may be denominated in united states dollars or, up to a maximum of $50.0 million in british pounds sterling, canadian dollars, euros or swiss francs (or other currencies as may be approved by the lenders). borrowings under the revolving facility bear interest at either a base rate or euro-rate plus a margin based on the company's leverage ratio. base rate is equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds open rate, plus 0.5%, (b) the prime rate, and (c) the daily libor rate, plus 1.0%. the 2014 credit facility is secured by: (a) all tangible and intangible assets of the company, and its u.s.-based subsidiaries including all accounts, general intangibles, intellectual property rights and equipment; and (b) all of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity interests in u.s.-based subsidiaries of the company, and 65% of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity interests in certain of the company's foreign subsidiaries.
the line of credit also contains customary financial and reporting covenants and limitations. we are currently in compliance with all covenants contained in our revolving line of credit and believe that our revolving line of credit provides sufficient flexibility such that we will remain in compliance with its terms in the foreseeable future. at december 31, 2014, we had no borrowings outstanding under the line of credit.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:
year endeddecember 31,
2014                                                                              2013                    2012
(in thousands)
consolidated statements of cash flow data:
net cash provided by operating activities                         $104,874                 $58,225                 $48,499
net cash used in investing activities                              (52,929    )            (21,820    )            (59,627    )
net cash provided by financing activities                           10,347                  15,501                  38,847
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents       (10,965    )               (811    )              1,597
net increase in cash and cash equivalents                          $51,327                 $51,095                 $29,316
cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                     169,207                 118,112                  88,796
cash and cash equivalents, end of period                          $220,534                $169,207                $118,112
operating activities net cash provided by operations during the year ended december 31, 2014 increased $46.6 million to $104.9 million, as compared to $58.2 million net cash provided by operations in 2013. during 2014, operating cash flows benefited, in part, from our strong focus on improving working capital efficiencies during the latter part of 2013, including focus on reducing days outstanding for our billed and unbilled receivables. this emphasis more than offset the higher working capital requirements associated with increased revenues, including growth in total compensation and benefits of our it professionals, overhead expenses, and higher tax payments.
net cash provided by operations increased by $9.7 million to $58.2 million in 2013 from $48.5 million net cash provided by operations in 2012. for 2013, net cash provided by operations was primarily comprised of net income of $22.3 million before accounting for non-cash items such as stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, bad debt expense, and other items aggregating to $14.8 million. net increase in operating assets and liabilities in 2013 as compared to 2012 was primarily related to a reduction in prepaid and other assets by approximately $1.9 million as a result of non-recurring purchases made in 2012 coupled with a net increase in accrued expenses and trade payables of $2.0 million mainly due to a decrease in third party contractor expenses. this increase in operating cash flows was partially offset by higher billed and unbilled receivables of $7.6 million, which was mainly driven by increased volumes and higher ratio of fixed-priced projects in 2013 as compared to 2012, and a $6.1 million decrease in other net liabilities. the decrease in other net liabilities includes the effects of a higher portion of december salaries and related taxes released before the year-end in 2013 when compared to 2012 and a reduction in warranty revenues of $1.6 million related to several large non-recurring projects completed in prior periods.
46
investing activities net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2014 increased $31.1 million to $52.9 million as compared to $21.8 million used in investing activities during the corresponding period of 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to $37.1 million spent on acquisitions of businesses, partially offset by a net $6.2 million decrease in loans issued under the employee housing program compared to the corresponding period last year.
net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2013 decreased by $37.8 million to $21.8 million, as compared to $59.6 million of net cash used in investing activities in 2012. the decrease in cash spent on investing activities in 2013 as compared to 2012, was primarily attributable to an $11.1 million decrease in payments made in connection with the construction of corporate facilities in belarus combined with a $32.9 million decrease in payments made in connection with our 2012 acquisitions. the decrease was partly offset by net payments of $5.8 million made by us in relation to employee loans issued under the employee housing program.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2014 was $10.3 million, a decrease of $5.2 million from the same period in 2013 primarily due to payment of deferred consideration in the amount of $4 million as well as a decrease in excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation plans, partly offset by higher proceeds from stock option exercises.
net cash provided by financing activities in 2013 decreased by $23.3 million to $15.5 million, as compared to $38.8 million provided by financing activities in 2012. this was primarily due to a net $30.6 million received in connection with our initial public offering of common stock in the first quarter of 2012 that did not recur in 2013, partially offset by an increase of $7.3 million in proceeds received by us in 2013 as a result of stock option exercises and associated tax benefits.
contractual obligations and future capital requirements contractual obligations set forth below is information concerning our fixed and determinable contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014.
total            less than 1year      1-3 years            3-5 years            more than 5years
(in thousands)
operating lease obligations          $44,402                $16,718              $18,150              $8,582               $952
other short-term obligations (1)       8,200                  8,200              -                    -                    -
employee housing program (2)              11       11                            -                    -                    -
$52,613                $24,929              $18,150              $8,582               $952
(1)   as of december 31, 2014, we estimated up to $8.2 million of additional investment could be required to complete construction of a 14,071 square meter office building within the high technologies park in minsk, belarus. please see note 16 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
(2)   in the third quarter of 2012, our board of directors approved the employee housing program, which assists employees in purchasing housing in belarus. as part of the program, we will extend financing to employees up to an aggregate amount of $10.0 million.
future capital requirements we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents combined with our expected cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our projected operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months and that we possess the financial flexibility to execute our strategic objectives, including the ability to make acquisitions and strategic investments in the foreseeable future. our ability to generate cash, however, is subject to our performance, general economic conditions, industry trends and other factors. to the extent that existing cash and cash equivalents and operating cash flow are insufficient to fund our future activities and requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. if we issue equity securities in order to raise additional funds, substantial dilution to existing stockholders may occur. if we raise cash through the issuance of additional indebtedness, we may be subject to additional contractual restrictions on our business. there is no assurance that we would be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all.
47
off-balance sheet commitments and arrangements we do not have any obligations under guarantee contracts or other contractual arrangements other than as disclosed in note 16 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k. we have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities whereby we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to us, or engages in leasing, hedging, or research and development services with us.
critical accounting policies we prepare our audited consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), which require us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect: (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (ii) disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the end of each reporting period and (iii) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each reporting period. we evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, knowledge and assessment of current business and other conditions, and expectations regarding the future based on available information and reasonable assumptions, which together form a basis for making judgments about matters not readily apparent from other sources. since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. some of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. when reviewing our audited consolidated financial statements, you should consider (i) our selection of critical accounting policies, (ii) the judgment and other uncertainties affecting the application of such policies and (iii) the sensitivity of reported results to changes in conditions and assumptions. we consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our audited consolidated financial statements as their application places significant demands on the judgment of our management.
an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the audited consolidated financial statements. we believe that the following critical accounting policies are the most sensitive and require more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our audited consolidated financial statements. you should read the following descriptions of critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and other disclosures included in this annual report.
revenue recognition - we recognize revenue when realized or realizable and earned, which is when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred; the sales price is fixed or determinable; and collectability is reasonably assured. determining whether and when some of these criteria have been satisfied often involves assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on the timing and amount of revenue we report. if there is an uncertainty about the project completion or receipt of payment for the consulting services, revenues are deferred until the uncertainty is sufficiently resolved. at the time revenues are recognized, we provide for any contractual deductions and reduce revenues accordingly. we defer amounts billed to our clients for revenues not yet earned. such amounts are anticipated to be recorded as revenues as services are performed in subsequent periods. unbilled revenues represent services provided which are billed subsequent to the period end in accordance with the contract terms.
we derive our revenues from a variety of service offerings, which represent specific competencies of our it professionals. contracts for these services have different terms and conditions based on the scope, deliverables, and complexity of the engagement, which require management to make judgments and estimates in determining appropriate revenue recognition pattern. fees for these contracts may be in the form of time-and-materials or fixed-price arrangements.
the majority of our revenues (84.7% of revenues in 2014, 82.3% in 2013 and 84.1% in 2012) are generated under time-and-material contracts whereby revenues are recognized as services are performed with the corresponding cost of providing those services reflected as cost of revenues when incurred. the majority of such revenues are billed on an hourly, daily or monthly basis whereby actual time is charged directly to the client.
revenues from fixed-price contracts (13.6% of revenues in 2014, 15.7% in 2013 and 13.7% in 2012) are determined using the proportional performance method. in instances where final acceptance of the product, system, or solution is specified by the client, revenue is deferred until all acceptance criteria have been met. in absence of a sufficient basis to measure progress towards completion, revenue is recognized upon receipt of final acceptance from the client. in order to estimate the amount of revenue for the period under the proportional performance method, we determine the percentage of actual labor hours incurred as compared to estimated total labor hours and apply that percentage to the consideration allocated to the deliverable. the complexity of the estimation process and factors relating to the assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent with the application of the proportional performance method of accounting affects the amounts of revenues and related
48
expenses reported in our consolidated financial statements. a number of internal and external factors can affect such estimates, including labor hours and specification and testing requirement changes. the cumulative impact of any revision in estimates is reflected in the financial reporting period in which the change in estimate becomes known. no significant revisions occurred in each of the three years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. our fixed price contracts are generally recognized over a period of 12 months or less.
we report gross reimbursable "out-of-pocket" expenses incurred as both revenues and cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income as these expenses are billable to our clients.
fair value of financial instruments - we make significant assumptions about fair values of its financial instruments. fair value is determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. we utilize the following fair value hierarchy in determining fair values:
level 1 - quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
level 2 - inputs other than quoted prices within level 1 that are observable either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, and observable inputs other than quoted prices such as interest rates or yield curves.
level 3 - unobservable inputs reflecting our view about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
where the fair values of financial assets and liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance sheet cannot be derived from an active market, they are determined using a variety of valuation techniques. these valuation techniques include a net present value technique, comparison to similar instruments with market observable inputs, options pricing models and other relevant valuation models. inputs into these models are taken from observable market data whenever possible, but in instances where it is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required to establish fair values.
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at december 31, 2014, contingent liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis comprised contingent consideration payable in cash and stock, performance-based awards issued to certain former owners of acquired businesses in exchange for future services, and certain other contractual liabilities.
we estimate the fair value of contingent liabilities based on certain performance milestones of the acquired businesses, and estimated probabilities of achievement, then discount the liabilities to present value using our cost of debt for the cash component of contingent consideration, and risk free rate for the stock component of a contractual contingency. contingent liabilities are valued using significant inputs that are not observable in the market which are defined as level 3 inputs pursuant to fair value measurement accounting. we believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, however, there is significant judgment involved. changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities primarily result from changes in the timing and amount of specific milestone estimates and changes in probability assumptions with respect to the likelihood of achieving the various earnout criteria. these changes could cause a material impact to, and volatility in our operating results.
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis we issue loans to our employees under the employee housing program ("housing loans"). housing loans are issued in u.s. dollars with a 5-year term and carry an interest rate of 7.5%. the program was designed to be a retention mechanism for our employees in belarus.
although permitted by authoritative guidance, we did not elect a fair value option for these financial instruments. these housing loans are measured at fair value upon initial recognition and subsequently carried at amortized cost less allowance for loan losses. any difference between the carrying value and the fair value of a loan upon initial recognition ("day-one" recognition) is charged to expense.
the housing loans were classified as level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy because they were valued using significant unobservable inputs. the estimated fair value of these housing loans upon initial recognition was computed by projecting the future contractual cash flows to be received from the loans and discounting those projected net cash flows to a present value, which is the estimated fair value (the "income approach"). in applying the income approach, we analyzed similar loans offered by third-party financial institutions in belarusian rubles ("byr") and adjusted the interest rates charged on such loans to exclude the effects of underlying economic factors, such as inflation and currency devaluation. we also assessed the probability of future defaults and associated cash flows impact. in addition, we separately analyzed the rate of return that market participants in belarus would require when investing in unsecured usd-denominated government bonds
49
with similar maturities (a "risk-free rate") and evaluated a risk premium component to compensate the market participants for the credit and liquidity risks inherent in the loans' cash flows, as described in the following paragraph. as a result of the analysis performed, we determined the carrying values of the housing loans issued during the year ended december 31, 2014 approximated their fair values upon initial recognition. we also estimated the fair values of the housing loans that were outstanding as of december 31, 2014 using the inputs noted above and determined their fair values approximated the carrying values as of that date.
repayment of housing loans is primarily dependent on personal income of borrowers obtained through employment with epam, which income is set in u.s. dollars and is not closely correlated with common macroeconomic risks existing in belarus, such as inflation, local currency devaluation and decrease in the purchasing power of the borrowers' income. given a large demand for the program among our employees and its advantages as compared to alternative methods of financing available on the market, we expect the borrowers to fulfill their obligations, and we estimate the probability of voluntary termination of employment among the borrowers as de minimis. additionally, housing loans are capped at $50 thousand per loan and secured by real estate financed through the program. we establish a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 70% and expect a decrease in the ratio over the life of a housing loan due to on-going payments by employees.
business combinations - we account for our business combinations using the acquisition accounting method, which requires us to determine the fair value of net assets acquired, including related goodwill and other intangible assets. we identify and attribute fair values and estimated lives to the intangible assets acquired and allocate the total cost of an acquisition to the underlying net assets based on their respective estimated fair values. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and involves the use of significant estimates, including projections of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples. there are different valuation models for each component, the selection of which requires considerable judgment. these determinations will affect the amount of amortization expense recognized in future periods. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe are reasonable, but recognize that the assumptions are inherently uncertain.
if initial accounting for the business combination has not been completed by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, provisional amounts are reported for which the accounting is incomplete, with retrospective adjustment made to such provisional amounts during the measurement period to present new information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. once the measurement period ends, and in no case beyond one year from the acquisition date, revisions of the accounting for the business combination are recorded in earnings.
all acquisition-related costs, other than the costs to issue debt or equity securities, are accounted for as expense in the period in which they are incurred. changes in fair value of contingent consideration arrangements that are not measurement period adjustments are recognized in earnings. payments to settle contingent consideration, if any, are reflected in cash flows from financing activities and the changes in fair value are reflected in cash flows from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
our acquisitions usually do not have significant amounts of tangible assets, as the principal assets typically acquired are customer relationships, trade names, non-competition agreements, and workforce. as a result, a substantial portion of the purchase price is allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets.
goodwill and other intangible assets - goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives are treated consistently with asc 350. they are tested annually for impairment and are not amortized. events or circumstances that might require impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets include the loss of a significant client, the identification of other impaired assets within a reporting unit, loss of key personnel, the disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit, significant decline in stock price or a significant adverse change in business climate or regulations.
intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. when facts and circumstances indicate potential impairment of amortizable intangible assets, we evaluate the recoverability of the asset's carrying value, using estimates of undiscounted future cash flows that utilize a discount rate determined by management to be commensurate with the risk inherent in our business model over the remaining asset life. the estimates of future cash flows attributable to intangible assets require significant judgment based on our historical and anticipated results. any impairment loss is measured by the excess of carrying value over fair value.
as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, all of our intangible assets had finite lives and we did not incur any impairment losses in respect of our intangible assets during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 or 2012.
effective in the fourth quarter of 2013, we changed the annual goodwill impairment assessment date for all of our reporting units from december 31st to october 31st, which represented a voluntary change in the annual goodwill impairment testing date.  we are also required to assess the goodwill of our reporting units for impairment between annual assessment dates
50
when events or circumstances dictate. we evaluate the recoverability of goodwill at a reporting unit level and we had three reporting units that had recorded goodwill, which were subject to the annual impairment testing in 2014. our annual impairment review as of october 31, 2014 resulted in an impairment charge for the russian reporting unit. there was no impairment charge for any of these reporting units as of october 31, 2013.
for our annual impairment test, we compare the respective fair value of our reporting units to their respective carrying values in order to determine if impairment is indicated. if so, the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is compared to its carrying amount, and the impairment loss is measured by the excess of the carrying value over fair value. the fair values are estimated using a combination of the income approach, which incorporates the use of the discounted cash flow method, and the market approach, which incorporates the use of earnings multiples based on market data. these valuations are considered level 3 measurements under fasb asc topic 820. we utilize estimates to determine the fair value of the reporting units such as future cash flows, growth rates, capital requirements, effective tax rates and projected margins, among other factors. estimates utilized in the future evaluations of goodwill for impairment could differ from estimates used in the current period calculations.
when facts and circumstances indicate potential impairment of amortizable intangible assets, we evaluate the recoverability of the asset's carrying value, using estimates of undiscounted future cash flows that utilize a discount rate determined by our management to be commensurate with the risk inherent in our business model over the remaining asset life. the estimates of future cash flows attributable to intangible assets require significant judgment based on our historical and anticipated results. any impairment loss is measured by the excess of carrying value over fair value.
income taxes - the provision for income taxes includes federal, state, local and foreign taxes. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences of temporary differences between the audited consolidated financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be reversed. changes to enacted tax rates would result in either increases or decreases in the provision for income taxes in the period of changes. we evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets and recognize a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.
the realization of deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on future earnings. any reduction in estimated forecasted results may require that we record valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. once a valuation allowance has been established, it will be maintained until there is sufficient positive evidence to conclude that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. a pattern of sustained profitability will generally be considered as sufficient positive evidence to reverse a valuation allowance. if the allowance is reversed in a future period, the income tax provision will be correspondingly reduced. accordingly, the increase and decrease of valuation allowances could have a significant negative or positive impact on future earnings.
changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and our effective tax rate in the future. the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 (the "act") was signed into law on january 2, 2013. because a change in tax law is accounted for in the period of enactment, certain provisions of the act benefiting our 2012 u.s. federal taxes, including the subpart f controlled foreign corporation look-through exception were not recognized in our 2012 financial results and instead were reflected in our 2013 financial results.
stock-based compensation - equity-based compensation cost relating to the issuance of share-based awards to employees is based on the fair value of the award at the date of grant, which is expensed ratably over the requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures. the forfeiture assumption is ultimately adjusted to the actual forfeiture rate. therefore, changes in the forfeiture assumptions may affect the timing of the total amount of expense recognized over the vesting period. the service period is the period over which the employee performs the related services, which is normally the same as the vesting period. equity-based awards that do not require future service are expensed immediately. equity-based awards that do not meet criteria for equity classification are recorded in liabilities and adjusted to fair value at the end of each reporting period. distributions associated with liability-classified awards not expected to vest are accounted for as compensation expense in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 13 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding the impact of certain recent accounting pronouncements on our audited consolidated financial statements.
51
