risk factors and the other information in this form 10-k. the risks that entergy faces are not limited to those in this section. there may be additional risks and uncertainties
(either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect entergy's financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. see "
forward-looking information
."
utility regulatory risks
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
the terms and conditions of service, including electric and gas rates, of the utility operating companies and system energy are determined through regulatory approval proceedings that are lengthy and subject to appeal that could result in delays in effecting rate changes and uncertainty as to ultimate results.
the rates that the utility operating companies and system energy charge reflect their capital expenditures, operations and maintenance costs, allowed rates of return, financing costs, and related costs of service. these rates significantly influence the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy and each of the utility operating companies and system energy. these rates are determined in regulatory proceedings and are subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment.
in addition, regulators can initiate proceedings to investigate the prudence of costs in the utility operating companies' base rates and examine, among other things, the reasonableness or prudence of the companies' operation and maintenance practices, level of expenditures (including storm costs and costs associated with capital projects), allowed rates of return and rate base, proposed resource acquisitions, and previously incurred capital expenditures that the operating companies seek to place in rates. the regulators can disallow costs subject to their jurisdiction found not to have been prudently incurred or found not to have been incurred in compliance with applicable tariffs, creating some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. regulatory proceedings relating to rates and other matters typically involve multiple parties seeking to limit or reduce rates. the proceedings generally have long timelines, are primarily based on historical costs, and may or may not be limited in scope or duration by statute. the length of the proceedings can cause the utility operating companies and system energy to experience regulatory lag in recovering costs through rates. decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with rate case proceedings.
the base rates of entergy arkansas and entergy texas are established in traditional base rate case proceedings.
entergy arkansas recovers fuel and purchased energy and certain non-fuel costs through other apsc-approved tariffs.
entergy mississippi infrequently has traditional base rate cases, although one was filed and settled in 2014. more commonly, it obtains base rate adjustments through its formula rate plan, which operates annually. in the event that this formula rate plan were terminated, entergy mississippi would at that time revert to the more traditional rate case environment.
in january 2013, entergy gulf states louisiana's and entergy louisiana's then-existing formula rate plans expired, and each company filed full rate cases in february 2013. as part of the rate cases that entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana filed, each company requested that the lpsc approve new formula rate plans. in december 2013 the lpsc voted to approve a settlement that provides for the continued use, through the test year
2016 filing, of formula rate plans by entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana. entergy louisiana's formula rate plan changes are capped at a cumulative total of $30 million through the formula rate plan cycle.
entergy gulf states louisiana has no cap but is not permitted to increase rates prior to the test year 2015 filing.
as part of the settlement, both companies established mechanisms to recover non-fuel miso-related costs calculated separately from the formula rate plan requirements, but embedded in the formula rate plan factor applied on customer bills. miso fuel and energy-related costs are recoverable in entergy gulf states louisiana's and entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment
274
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy clauses. the formula rate plans continue to retain exceptions from the rate cap/restrictions and sharing requirements for certain large capital investment projects, including the ninemile 6 generating facility. in the event that these formula rate plans were terminated, or expire without renewal or extension, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana would at that time revert to the more traditional rate case environment.
additionally, in september 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc a joint application seeking to combine the two companies. in connection with this request, the companies are also seeking to combine the formula rate plans approved for each company into a single formula rate plan with a single combined-
company filing for 2014. most of the provisions under the existing separate formula rate plans would be retained under the combined formula rate plan. further, entergy louisiana and entergy new orleans have filed with the council of the city of new orleans a joint application seeking authorization to transfer certain assets of entergy louisiana used to serve the fifteenth ward of new orleans (commonly referred to as algiers) to entergy new orleans.
entergy new orleans has operated under a formula rate plan that ended with the 2011 test year and has not yet been extended. if no formula rate plan is approved going forward, entergy new orleans will continue operating in the more traditional rate case environment.
the utility operating companies and system energy, and the energy industry as a whole, have experienced a period of rising costs and investments, and an upward trend in spending, especially with respect to infrastructure investments, which is likely to continue in the foreseeable future and could result in more frequent rate cases and requests for, and the continuation of, cost recovery mechanisms. for information regarding rate case proceedings and formula rate plans applicable to certain of the utility operating companies, see note 2 to the financial statements.
the utility operating companies recover fuel, purchased power, and associated costs through rate mechanisms that are subject to risks of delay or disallowance in regulatory proceedings.
the utility operating companies recover their fuel, purchased power, and associated costs from their customers through rate mechanisms subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. because regulatory review can result in the disallowance of incurred costs found not to have been prudently incurred with the possibility of refunds to ratepayers, there exists some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. regulators can initiate proceedings to investigate the continued usage or the adequacy and operation of the fuel and purchased power recovery clauses of the utility operating companies.
the utility operating companies' cash flows can be negatively affected by the time delays between when gas, power, or other commodities are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers of the costs in rates. on occasion, when the level of incurred costs for fuel and purchased power rises very dramatically, some of the utility operating companies may agree to defer recovery of a portion of that period's fuel and purchased power costs for recovery at a later date, which could increase the near-term working capital and borrowing requirements of those companies. for a description of fuel and purchased power recovery mechanisms and information regarding the regulatory proceedings for fuel and purchased power costs recovery, see note 2 to the financial statements.
as a result of a challenge by the lpsc, the manner in which the utility operating companies have traditionally shared the costs associated with coordinated planning, construction, and operation of generating resources has been changed by the ferc, a development which has had and could continue to require adjustment of retail and wholesale rates in the jurisdictions where the utility operating companies provide service and has introduced additional uncertainty in the ratemaking process.
the utility operating companies historically have engaged in the coordinated planning, construction, and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities under the terms of the system agreement, which is a rate schedule that has been approved by the ferc. in 2005 the ferc issued a decision requiring changes to the cost allocation methodology used in that rate schedule.
in 2007 through 2012, payments were made by entergy arkansas to certain of the utility operating companies in compliance with the 2005 ferc decision on the cost allocation methodology, and in 2013 and 2014, payments were made by entergy texas to entergy new orleans. there have been challenges to the level and timing of payments
275
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy made by entergy arkansas under the ferc's decision and the prudence of the utility operating companies' production costs. the ability to recover in rates any changes to the cost allocation resulting from the challenges, and timing of such recovery, could be uncertain and could be the subject of additional regulatory and other proceedings. for information regarding these and other proceedings associated with the system agreement, as well as additional information regarding the system agreement itself, see note 2 to financial statements, system agreement cost equalization proceedings
. the outcome and timing of these ferc proceedings and resulting recovery and impact on rates cannot be predicted at this time.
the withdrawal and notices of withdrawal of certain utility operating companies from the system agreement create uncertainty regarding the system agreement and the effect of the absence of such an arrangement on the utility operating companies.
entergy arkansas's participation in the system agreement terminated in december 2013, and entergy mississippi's participation in the system agreement is scheduled to terminate in november 2015.
in october 2013, the utility operating companies filed at the ferc seeking to shorten to 60 months the provision in the system agreement that requires a utility operating company seeking to withdraw from the system agreement to provide 96 months advance notice of termination of participation. in october 2013, entergy texas provided its notice to the other utility operating companies to terminate its participation in the system agreement after expiration of the proposed 60-month notice period or such other period as approved by the ferc. subsequently, entergy texas filed its notice to terminate its participation in the system agreement at ferc in october 2013. in january 2014, the lpsc directed entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana to provide no later than february 15, 2014 notice of their intention to terminate their participation in the system agreement, and to use their reasonable best efforts to achieve a consensual resolution permitting early termination of the system agreement. entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana provided notice of their termination on february 14,
2014. accordingly, there is uncertainty regarding the continuation of the system agreement and the effect of the absence of such an arrangement on the utility operating companies.
for further information regarding the regulatory proceedings relating to the system agreement, see the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
- system agreement " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries.
the utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the miso markets and the allocation of transmission upgrade costs. the operation of the utility operating companies' transmission system pursuant to the miso rto tariff and their participation in the miso rto's wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements.
on december 19, 2013, the utility operating companies integrated into the miso rto. for further information regarding the ferc and proceedings related to the miso rto, see the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation -
entergy's integration into the miso regional transmission organization " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries. miso maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and administers wholesale energy and ancillary services markets for market participants in the miso region, including the utility operating companies. the utility operating companies sell capacity, energy, and ancillary services on a bilateral basis to certain wholesale customers and offer available electricity production of their generating facilities into the miso day-ahead and real-time energy markets pursuant to the miso tariff and market rules. the utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the miso markets. miso tariff rules and system conditions, including transmission congestion, could affect the utility operating companies' ability to sell power in certain regions and/or the economic value of such sales, and miso market rules may change in ways, including the implementation of competition among transmission providers, that cause additional risk.
276
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the utility operating companies participate in the miso regional transmission planning process and are subject to risks associated with planning decisions that miso makes in the exercise of control over the planning of the utility operating companies' transmission assets that are under miso's functional control. the utility operating companies pay transmission rates that reflect the cost of transmission projects that the utility operating companies do not own, which could increase cash or financing needs. the terms and conditions of the miso tariff, including provisions related to the design and implementation of wholesale markets and the allocation of transmission upgrade costs, are subject to regulation by ferc. the operation of the utility operating companies'
transmission system pursuant to the miso tariff and their participation in the miso wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
a delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred as a result of severe weather could have material effects on entergy and those utility operating companies affected by severe weather.
entergy's and its utility operating companies' results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition can be materially affected by the destructive effects of severe weather. severe weather can also result in significant outages for the customers of the utility operating companies and, therefore, reduced revenues for the utility operating companies during the period of the outages. a delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred or revenues lost as a result of severe weather could have a material effect on entergy and those utility operating companies affected by severe weather.
nuclear operating and regulatory risks
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, and system energy)
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities must consistently operate their nuclear power plants at high capacity factors in order to be successful, and lower capacity factors could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
nuclear capacity factors significantly affect the results of operations of certain utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities. nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs. consequently, to be successful, a plant owner must consistently operate its nuclear power plants at high capacity factors. for the utility operating companies that own nuclear plants, lower capacity factors can increase production costs by requiring the affected companies to generate additional energy, sometimes at higher costs, from their fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy their supply needs. for the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants, lower capacity factors directly affect revenues and cash flow from operations. entergy wholesale commodities' forward sales are comprised of various hedge products, many of which have some degree of operational-contingent price risk. certain unit-contingent contracts guarantee specified minimum capacity factors. in the event plants with these contracts were operating below the guaranteed capacity factors, entergy would be subject to price risk for the undelivered power. further, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear forward sales contracts can also be on a firm ld basis, which subjects entergy to increasing price risk as capacity factors decrease. many of these firm hedge products have damages risk, capped through the use of risk management products.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners periodically shut down their nuclear power plants to replenish fuel. plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such refueling outages. if refueling outages last longer than anticipated or if unplanned outages arise, entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected.
277
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy outages at nuclear power plants to replenish fuel require the plant to be "turned off." refueling outages generally are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and average approximately 30 days in duration. plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such planned outages. when refueling outages last longer than anticipated or a plant experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and maintenance costs may increase. lower than forecasted capacity factors may cause entergy wholesale commodities to experience reduced revenues and may also create damages risk with certain hedge products as previously discussed.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities face risks related to the purchase of uranium fuel (and its conversion, enrichment, and fabrication), and the risk of being unable to effectively manage these risks by purchasing from a diversified mix of sellers located in a diversified mix of countries could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
based upon currently planned fuel cycles, entergy's nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that provides substantially adequate nuclear fuel materials and conversion and enrichment services at what entergy believes are reasonably predictable prices through most of 2015. entergy's ability to purchase nuclear fuel at reasonably predictable prices, however, depends upon the performance reliability of uranium miners and enrichers. while there are a number of possible alternate suppliers that may be accessed to mitigate any supplier performance failure, the pricing of any such alternate uranium supply from the market will be dependent upon the market for uranium supply at that time. entergy also may draw upon its own inventory intended for later generation periods, depending upon its risk management strategy at that time. entergy buys uranium from a diversified mix of sellers located in a diversified mix of countries, and from time to time purchases from nearly all qualified reliable major market participants worldwide that sell into the u.s. market prices for nuclear fuel have been extremely volatile from time to time in the past. although entergy's nuclear fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against market risks for several years, costs for nuclear fuel in the future cannot be predicted with certainty due to normal inherent market uncertainties, and price increases could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities.
entergy's ability to assure nuclear fuel supply also depends upon the performance and reliability of conversion, enrichment, and fabrication services providers. these service providers are fewer in number than uranium suppliers.
for conversion and enrichment services, entergy diversifies its supply by supplier and country and may take special measures to ensure a reliable supply of enriched uranium for fabrication into nuclear fuel. for fabrication services, each plant is dependent upon the performance of the fabricator of that plant's nuclear fuel; therefore, entergy relies upon additional monitoring, inspection, and oversight of the fabrication process to assure reliability and quality of its nuclear fuel. certain of the suppliers and service providers are located in or dependent upon countries, such as russia, in which deteriorating economic conditions or international sanctions could restrict the ability of such suppliers to continue to supply fuel or provide such services. the inability of such suppliers or service providers to perform such obligations could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business face the risk that the nrc will change or modify its regulations or suspend or revoke their licenses, which could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
under the atomic energy act and energy reorganization act, the nrc regulates the operation of nuclear power plants.
the nrc may modify, suspend, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the atomic energy act, related regulations, or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. a change in the atomic energy act, other applicable statutes, or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and could materially affect the results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition of entergy (through entergy wholesale commodities), its utility operating companies, or system energy. events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by one of these companies, may cause the nrc to initiate such actions. as a result, if an incident were to occur at any nuclear generating unit, whether an entergy nuclear generating unit or not, it could materially affect
278
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy, certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities. for example, the earthquake of march 11, 2011 that affected the fukushima daiichi nuclear plants in japan resulted in the nrc issuing three orders effective on march
12, 2012 requiring u.s. nuclear operators, including entergy, to undertake plant modifications or perform additional analyses that will, among other things, result in increased capital and operating costs associated with operating entergy's nuclear plants, some of which could be material.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities are exposed to risks and costs related to operating and maintaining their nuclear power plants, and their failure to maintain operational efficiency at their nuclear power plants could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the nuclear generating units owned by certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business began commercial operations in the 1970s-1980s. older equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating efficiently. this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in reduced profitability.
operations at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by entergy's subsidiaries could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. a decision may be made to close a unit rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the unit to full capacity. for entergy wholesale commodities, this could result in lost revenue and increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments and penalties for failure to perform under their contracts with customers. moreover, entergy is becoming more dependent on fewer suppliers for key parts of entergy's nuclear power plants that may need to be replaced or refurbished. in addition, certain major parts have long lead-times to manufacture if an unplanned replacement is needed. this dependence on a reduced number of suppliers and long lead-times on certain major parts for unplanned replacements could result in delays in obtaining qualified replacement parts and, therefore, greater expense for entergy.
the costs associated with the storage of the spent nuclear fuel of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, as well as the costs of and their ability to fully decommission their nuclear power plants, could be significantly affected by the timing of the opening of a spent nuclear fuel disposal facility, as well as interim storage and transportation requirements.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants incur costs on a periodic basis for the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. the approval of a license for a national repository for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for yucca mountain, nevada, or any interim storage facility, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. for example, while the doe is required by law to proceed with the licensing of yucca mountain and, after the license is granted by the nrc, to construct the repository and commence the receipt of spent fuel, the obama administration has expressed its intention and taken specific steps to discontinue the yucca mountain project and study a new spent fuel strategy. these actions may prolong the time before spent fuel is removed from entergy's plant sites. because the doe has not accomplished its objectives, it is in non-compliance with the nuclear waste policy act of 1982 and has breached its spent fuel disposal contracts, and entergy has sued the doe for such breach. furthermore, entergy is uncertain as to when the doe plans to commence acceptance of spent fuel from its facilities for storage or disposal. as a result, continuing future expenditures will be required to increase spent fuel storage capacity at the companies' nuclear sites. the costs of on-site storage are also affected by regulatory requirements for such storage. in addition, the availability of a repository or other off-site storage facility for spent nuclear fuel may affect the ability to fully decommission the nuclear units and the costs relating to decommissioning. for further information regarding spent fuel storage, see the "
critical accounting estimates

nuclear decommissioning costs
- spent fuel disposal " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, and system energy.
279
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may be required to pay substantial retrospective premiums imposed under the price-anderson act in the event of a nuclear incident, and losses not covered by insurance could have a material effect on entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
accidents and other unforeseen problems at nuclear power plants have occurred both in the united states and elsewhere. the price-anderson act limits each reactor owner's public liability (off-site) for a single nuclear incident to the payment of retrospective premiums into a secondary insurance pool of up to approximately $127.318
million per reactor. with 104 reactors currently participating, this translates to a total public liability cap of approximately $13.241 billion per incident. the limit is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation, a change in the primary limit of insurance coverage, and changes in the number of licensed reactors. as required by the price-anderson act, the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities carry the maximum available amount of primary nuclear off-site liability insurance with american nuclear insurers (currently
$375 million for each operating site). claims for any nuclear incident exceeding that amount are covered under the retrospective premiums paid into the secondary insurance pool. as a result, in the event of a nuclear incident that causes damages (off-site) in excess of the $375 million in primary insurance coverage, each owner of a nuclear plant reactor, including entergy's utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities plant owners, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident, will be required to pay a retrospective premium, equal to its proportionate share of the loss in excess of the $375 million primary level, up to a maximum of $127.318 million per reactor per incident (entergy's maximum total contingent obligation per incident is $1.4
billion). the retrospective premium payment is currently limited to $18.963 million per year per incident per reactor until the aggregate public liability for each licensee is paid up to the $127.318 million cap.
neil is a utility industry mutual insurance company, owned by its members. all member plants could be subject to an annual assessment (retrospective premium of up to 10 times current annual premium for all policies) should the surplus (reserve) be significantly depleted due to insured losses. as of april 1, 2014, the maximum annual assessment amounts total $105.7 million for the utility plants and $126.4 million for the entergy wholesale commodities plants. retrospective premium insurance available through neil's reinsurance treaty can cover the potential assessments. the entergy wholesale commodities plants currently maintain the retrospective premium insurance to cover this potential assessment.
as an owner of nuclear power plants, entergy participates in industry self-insurance programs and could be liable to fund claims should a plant owned by a different company experience a major event. any resulting liability from a nuclear accident may exceed the applicable primary insurance coverage and require contribution of additional funds through the industry-wide program that could significantly affect the results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity of entergy, certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, or the entergy wholesale commodities subsidiaries.
market performance and other changes may decrease the value of assets in the decommissioning trusts, which then could require significant additional funding.
owners of nuclear generating plants have an obligation to decommission those plants. certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants maintain decommissioning trust funds for this purpose. certain of the utility operating companies collect funds from their customers, which are deposited into the trusts covering the units operated for or on behalf of those companies.
those rate collections are based upon operating license lives as well as estimated trust fund earnings and decommissioning costs. in connection with the acquisition of certain nuclear plants, the entergy wholesale commodities plant owners also acquired decommissioning trust funds that are funded in accordance with nrc regulations. assets in these trust funds are subject to market fluctuations, will yield uncertain returns that may fall below projected return rates, and may result in losses resulting from the recognition of impairments of the value of certain securities held in these trust funds. as part of the pilgrim, indian point 1 and 2, vermont yankee, and palisades/big rock point purchases, the former owners transferred decommissioning trust funds, along with the liability to decommission the plants, to the
280
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy respective entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plant owners. in addition, the former owner of indian point
3 and fitzpatrick retained the decommissioning trusts and related liability to decommission these plants, but has the right to require the respective entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners to assume the decommissioning liability provided that it assigns the funds in the corresponding decommissioning trust, up to a specified level, to such owners. alternatively, the former owner may contract with entergy nuclear, inc. for the decommissioning work at a price equal to the funds in the corresponding decommissioning trust up to a specified amount. as part of the indian point 1 and 2 purchase, the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plant owner also funded an additional $25 million to a supplemental decommissioning trust fund. as part of the palisades transaction, the entergy wholesale commodities business assumed responsibility for spent fuel at the decommissioned big rock point nuclear plant, which is located near charlevoix, michigan. once the spent fuel is removed from the site, the entergy wholesale commodities business will dismantle the spent fuel storage facility and complete site decommissioning. the entergy wholesale commodities business expects to fund this activity from operating revenue, and entergy is providing $5 million in credit support to provide financial assurance to the nrc for this obligation.
in 2008, entergy experienced declines in the market value of assets held in the trust funds for meeting its decommissioning funding assurance obligations for its plants. this decline adversely affected entergy's ability to demonstrate compliance with the nrc's requirements for providing financial assurance for decommissioning funding for some of its plants, which deficiencies have now been corrected. an early plant shutdown, poor investment results or higher than anticipated decommissioning costs could cause trust fund assets to be insufficient to meet the decommissioning obligations, with the result that the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. for further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, see the "
critical accounting estimates
- nuclear decommissioning costs
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, and system energy and note 9 to the financial statements.
changes in nrc regulations or other binding regulatory requirements may cause increased funding requirements for nuclear plant decommissioning trusts.
nrc regulations require certain minimum financial assurance requirements for meeting obligations to decommission nuclear power plants. those financial assurance requirements may change from time to time, and certain changes may result in a material increase in the financial assurance required for decommissioning the utility operating companies', system energy's and owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants. such changes could result in the need for additional contributions to decommissioning trusts, or the posting of parent guarantees, letters of credit, or other surety mechanisms. for further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, see the "
critical accounting estimates
- nuclear decommissioning costs
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, and system energy and note 9 to the financial statements.
new or existing safety concerns regarding operating nuclear power plants and nuclear fuel could lead to restrictions upon the operation of entergy's nuclear power plants.
new and existing concerns are being expressed in public forums about the safety of nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel, in particular in the northeastern united states, which is where five of the six units in the current fleet of entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants are located. these concerns have led to, and are expected to continue to lead to, various proposals to federal regulators and governing bodies in some localities where entergy's subsidiaries own nuclear generating units for legislative and regulatory changes that could lead to the shutdown of nuclear units, denial of license renewal applications, restrictions on nuclear units as a result of unavailability of sites for spent nuclear fuel storage and disposal, or other adverse effects on owning and operating nuclear generating units. entergy vigorously responds to these concerns and proposals. if any of the existing proposals, or any proposals that may arise in the future with respect to legislative and regulatory changes, become effective, they could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
281
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy
(entergy corporation)
a failure to obtain renewed licenses or other approvals required for the continued operation of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity and could lead to an increase in depreciation rates or an acceleration of the timing for the funding of decommissioning obligations.
the license renewal and related processes for the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants have been and may continue to be the subject of significant public debate and regulatory and legislative review and scrutiny at the federal and, in certain cases, state level. the original expiration date of the operating license for indian point 2 was september 2013 and the original expiration date of the operating license for indian point 3 is december
2015. because these plants filed timely license renewal applications, the nrc's rules provide that these plants may continue to operate under their existing operating licenses until their renewal applications have been finally determined. various parties have expressed opposition to renewal of these licenses. renewal of the indian point licenses is the subject of ongoing proceedings before the atomic safety and licensing board (aslb) of the nrc and, with respect to issues resolved by the aslb, before the nrc on appeal.
in relation to indian point 2 and indian point 3, the new york state department of environmental conservation has taken the position that these plant owners must obtain a new state-issued clean water act section 401 water quality certification as part of the license renewal process. in addition, before the nrc may issue renewed operating licenses it must resolve its obligation to address the requirements of the coastal zone management act (czma). most commonly, those requirements are met by the applicant's demonstration that the activity authorized by the federal permit being sought is consistent with the host state's federally-approved coastal management policies. entergy has undertaken three independent initiatives to resolve czma issues: "grandfathering," "previous review," and a
"consistency certification." in december 2014 the new york supreme court, appellate division, issued a unanimous ruling stating that indian point 2 and indian point 3 "are exempt from new york's coastal management program." that decision could be appealed. for further information regarding these environmental regulations see the "
regulation of entergy's business

environmental regulation -
clean water act " section in part i, item 1.
if the nrc finally denies the applications for the renewal of operating licenses for one or more of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, or a state in which any such nuclear power plant is located is able to prevent the continued operation of such plant, entergy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected by loss of revenue and cash flow associated with the plant or plants, potential impairments of the carrying value of the plants, increased depreciation rates, and an accelerated need for decommissioning funds, which could require additional funding. in addition, entergy may incur increased operating costs depending on any conditions that may be imposed in connection with license renewal. for further discussion regarding the license renewal processes for the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, see the "
entergy wholesale commodities authorizations to operate its nuclear plants " in entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis.
the decommissioning trust fund assets for the nuclear power plants owned by entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may not be adequate to meet decommissioning obligations if one or more of their nuclear power plants is retired earlier than the anticipated shutdown date, the plants cost more to decommission than estimated, or if current regulatory requirements change, which then could require additional funding.
under nrc regulations, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear subsidiaries are permitted to project the nrc-
required decommissioning amount, based on an nrc formula or a site-specific estimate, and the amount in each of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plant's decommissioning trusts combined with other decommissioning financial assurances in place. the projections are made based on the operating license expiration date and the mid-
point of the subsequent decommissioning process, or the anticipated actual completion of decommissioning if a site-
specific estimate is used, for each of these nuclear power plants. as a result, if the projected amount of individual plants' decommissioning trusts exceeds the nrc-required decommissioning amount, then its
282
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy decommissioning obligations are considered to be funded in accordance with nrc regulations. if the projected costs do not sufficiently reflect the actual costs the applicable entergy subsidiaries would be required to incur to decommission these nuclear power plants, and funding is otherwise inadequate, or if the formula or site-specific estimate is changed to require increased funding, additional resources would be required. furthermore, depending upon the level of funding available in the trust funds, the nrc may not permit the trust funds to be used to pay for related costs such as the management of spent nuclear fuel that are not included in the nrc's formula. the nrc may also require a plan for the provision of separate funding for spent fuel management costs. in addition to nrc requirements, there are other decommissioning-related obligations for certain of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, which management believes it will be able to satisfy.
if any entergy wholesale commodities subsidiary decides to shut down one of its nuclear power plants earlier than the scheduled shutdown date and conduct decommissioning without the benefit of a safe storage period, the applicable entergy subsidiary may be unable to rely upon only the decommissioning trust to fund the entire decommissioning obligations, which would require it to obtain funding from other sources.
vermont yankee submitted notification of permanent cessation of operations and permanent removal of fuel from the reactor in january 2015 after final shutdown in december 2014. the post shutdown decommissioning activities report for vermont yankee, including a site specific cost estimate, was submitted to the nrc in december 2014. vermont yankee's future certifications to satisfy the nrc's financial assurance requirements will now be based on the site specific cost estimate, including the estimated cost of managing spent fuel, rather than the nrc minimum formula for estimating decommissioning costs. entergy expects that amounts available in vermont yankee's decommissioning trust fund, including expected earnings, together with the credit facilities entered into in january 2015 that are expected to be repaid with recoveries from doe litigation related to spent fuel storage, will be sufficient to cover expected costs of decommissioning, spent fuel management costs, and site restoration. filings with the nrc for planned shutdown activities will determine whether any other financial assurance may be required and will specifically address funding for spent fuel management, which will be required until the federal government takes possession of the fuel and removes it from the site, per its current obligation.
further, federal or state regulatory changes, including mandated increases in decommissioning funding or changes in the methods or standards for decommissioning operations, may also increase the funding requirements of, or accelerate the timing for funding of, the obligations related to the decommissioning of entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants. as a result, under any of these circumstances, entergy's results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition could be materially affected.
entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants are exposed to price risk.
entergy and its subsidiaries do not have a regulator-authorized rate of return on their capital investments in non-
utility businesses. in particular, the sale of capacity and energy from the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, unless otherwise contracted, is subject to the fluctuation of market power prices. in order to reduce future price risk to desired levels, entergy wholesale commodities utilizes contracts that are unit-contingent and firm ld and various products such as forward sales, options, and collars. as of december 31, 2014, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear power generation plants had sold forward 86%, 74%, 39%, 17%, and 19% of its generation portfolio's planned energy output for 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019, respectively.
market conditions such as product cost, market liquidity, and other portfolio considerations influence the product and contractual mix. the obligations under unit-contingent agreements depend on a generating asset that is operating; if the generation asset is not operating, the seller generally is not liable for damages. for some unit-
contingent obligations, however, there is also a guarantee of availability that provides for the payment to the power purchaser of contract damages, if incurred, in the event the unit owner fails to deliver power as a result of the failure of the specified generation unit to generate power at or above a specified availability threshold. firm ld sales transactions may be exposed to substantial operational price risk, a portion of which may be capped through the use of risk management products, to the extent that the plants do not run as expected and market prices exceed contract prices.
283
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy market prices may fluctuate substantially, sometimes over relatively short periods of time, and at other times experience sustained increases or decreases. demand for electricity and its fuel stock can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. during periods of over-supply, prices might be depressed.
also, from time to time there may be political pressure, or pressure from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, credit requirements, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets.
the price that different counterparties offer for various products including forward sales is influenced both by market conditions as well as the contract terms such as damage provisions, credit support requirements, and the number of available counterparties interested in contracting for the desired forward period. depending on differences between market factors at the time of contracting versus current conditions, entergy wholesale commodities' contract portfolio may have average contract prices above or below current market prices, including at the expiration of the contracts, which may significantly affect entergy wholesale commodities' results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. new hedges are generally layered into on a rolling forward basis, which tends to drive hedge over-performance to market in a falling price environment, and hedge underperformance to market in a rising price environment; however, hedge timing, product choice, and hedging costs will also affect these results. see the "
results of operations

realized revenue per mwh for entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries. with operating licenses for indian point 2 and indian point 3 expiring in 2013 and 2015, respectively (see discussion above regarding the continued operation of indian point 2 and 3 past the license expiration dates), and as a consequence of any delays in obtaining extension of the operating licenses and any other approvals required for continued operation of the plants, entergy wholesale commodities may enter into fewer unit-contingent forward sales contracts for output from such plants for periods beyond the license expiration.
among the factors that could affect market prices for electricity and fuel, all of which are beyond entergy's control to a significant degree, are:
prevailing market prices for natural gas, uranium (and its conversion, enrichment, and fabrication), coal,
  oil, and other fuels used in electric generation plants, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities;
  seasonality and realized weather deviations compared to normalized weather forecasts;
  availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources and the requirements of a renewable portfolio standard;
  changes in production and storage levels of natural gas, lignite, coal and crude oil, and refined products;
  liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market, including the number of creditworthy counterparties available and interested in entering into forward sales agreements for entergy's full hedging term;
the actions of external parties, such as the ferc and local independent system operators and other state or
  federal energy regulatory bodies, that may impose price limitations and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility in the energy markets;
  electricity transmission, competing generation or fuel transportation constraints, inoperability, or inefficiencies;
  the general demand for electricity, which may be significantly affected by national and regional economic conditions;
  weather conditions affecting demand for electricity or availability of hydroelectric power or fuel supplies;
  the rate of growth in demand for electricity as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions, and the implementation of conservation programs or distributed generation;
  regulatory policies of state agencies that affect the willingness of entergy wholesale commodities customers to enter into long-term contracts generally, and contracts for energy in particular;
increases in supplies due to actions of current entergy wholesale commodities competitors or new market
  entrants, including the development of new generation facilities, expansion of existing generation facilities, the disaggregation of vertically integrated utilities, and improvements in transmission that allow additional supply to reach entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear markets;
  union and labor relations;
284
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy changes in federal and state energy and environmental laws and regulations and other initiatives, including
  but not limited to, the price impacts of proposed emission controls such as the regional greenhouse gas initiative (rggi);
  changes in law resulting from federal or state energy legislation or legislation subjecting energy derivatives used in hedging and risk management transactions to governmental regulation; and
  natural disasters, terrorist actions, wars, embargoes, and other catastrophic events.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is subject to substantial governmental regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative, regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulation.
compliance with the requirements under these various regulatory regimes may cause the entergy wholesale commodities business to incur significant additional costs, and failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of the non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines and/or civil or criminal liability.
public utilities under the federal power act are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. each of the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants that generates electricity, as well as entergy nuclear power marketing, llc, is a "public utility" under the federal power act by virtue of making wholesale sales of electric energy and/or owning wholesale electric transmission facilities. the ferc has granted these generating and power marketing companies the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. the ferc's orders that grant the entergy wholesale commodities' generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if the ferc subsequently determines that the entergy wholesale commodities business can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, the entergy wholesale commodities' market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of its generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated one of those rules, they would be subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-
based rate authority and potential penalties of up to $1 million per day per violation. if the entergy wholesale commodities' generating or power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain the ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have an adverse effect on the rates the entergy wholesale commodities business charges for power from its facilities.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules imposed by the existing independent system operators. the independent system operators that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps and other mechanisms, to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have an adverse effect on the profitability of the entergy wholesale commodities business' generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets. for further information regarding federal, state and local laws and regulation applicable to the entergy wholesale commodities business, see the
"
regulation of entergy's business
"
section in part i, item 1.
the regulatory environment applicable to the electric power industry has undergone substantial changes over the past several years as a result of restructuring initiatives at both the state and federal levels. these changes are ongoing and entergy cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on the entergy wholesale commodities business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes, including the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism and have raised claims that the competitive marketplace is not working because energy prices in wholesale markets exceed the marginal cost of operating nuclear power plants, as well as proposals to re-regulate the markets, impose a generation tax, or require divestitures by generating companies to reduce their market share. other
285
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy proposals to re-regulate may be made and legislative or other attention to the electric power market restructuring process may delay or reverse the deregulation process, which could require material changes to business planning models. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, modified, discontinued, or delayed, the entergy wholesale commodities business' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected.
the power plants owned by the entergy wholesale commodities business are subject to impairment charges in certain circumstances, which could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
entergy reviews long-lived assets held in all of its business segments whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that recoverability of these assets is uncertain. generally, the determination of recoverability is based on the undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the operations of such assets. projected net cash flows depend on the future operating costs associated with the assets, the efficiency and availability of the assets and generating units, and the future market and price for energy and capacity over the remaining life of the assets. in particular, the assets of the entergy wholesale commodities business are subject to impairment if adverse market conditions arise and continue (such as expected long-term declines in market prices for electricity), if adverse regulatory events occur (including with respect to environmental regulation), if a unit ceases operation or if a unit's operating license is not renewed. moreover, the failure of the entergy wholesale commodities business to achieve forecasted operating results and cash flows, an unfavorable change in forecasted operating results or cash flows, or a decline in observable industry market multiples could all result in potential impairment charges for the affected assets.
as discussed in the
"
entergy wholesale commodities

property"
section in part i, item 1, the original expiration dates of the operating licenses for indian point 2 and indian point 3 are 2013 and 2015, respectively (see discussion above regarding the continued operation of indian point 2
and 3 past the license expiration dates),and are currently the subject of license renewal processes at the nrc and the state in which the plants operate. on august 27, 2013, entergy announced its plan to close and decommission vermont yankee. vermont yankee ceased power production in the fourth quarter 2014 at the end of a fuel cycle. this decision was approved by the board in august 2013, and resulted in the recognition of impairment charges in 2013
and 2014. if entergy concludes that any of its nuclear power plants is unlikely to operate through its current useful life, which conclusion would be based on a variety of factors, such a conclusion could result in an impairment of part or all of the carrying value of the plant. any impairment charge taken by entergy with respect to its long-lived assets, including the power plants owned by the entergy wholesale commodities business, would likely be material in the quarter that the charge is taken and could otherwise have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. for further information regarding evaluating long-lived assets for impairment, see the "
critical accounting estimates

nuclear decommissioning costs
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries.
general business
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
entergy and the utility operating companies depend on access to the capital markets and, at times, may face potential liquidity constraints, which could make it more difficult to handle future contingencies such as natural disasters or substantial increases in gas and fuel prices. disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' ability to meet liquidity needs, access capital and operate and grow their businesses, and the cost of capital.
entergy's business is capital intensive and dependent upon its ability to access capital at reasonable rates and other terms. at times there are also spikes in the price for natural gas and other commodities that increase the liquidity requirements of the utility operating companies and entergy wholesale commodities. in addition, entergy's and the utility operating companies' liquidity needs could significantly increase in the event of a hurricane or other weather-
286
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy related or unforeseen disaster similar to that experienced in entergy's service territory with hurricane katrina and hurricane rita in 2005, hurricane gustav and hurricane ike in 2008, and hurricane isaac in 2012. the occurrence of one or more contingencies, including a delay in regulatory recovery of fuel or purchased power costs or storm restoration costs, higher than expected pension contributions, an acceleration of payments or decreased credit lines, less cash flow from operations than expected, or other unknown events, such as future storms, could cause the financing needs of entergy and its subsidiaries to increase. in addition, accessing the debt capital markets more frequently in these situations may result in an increase in leverage. material leverage increases could negatively affect the credit ratings of entergy and the utility operating companies, which in turn could negatively affect access to the capital markets.
the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, particularly during times of uncertainty in the capital markets, could negatively affect entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to maintain and to expand their businesses. events beyond entergy's control, such as the volatility and disruption in global capital and credit markets in 2008 and
2009, may create uncertainty that could increase its cost of capital or impair its ability to access the capital markets, including the ability to draw on its bank credit facilities. entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to predict the degree of success they will have in renewing or replacing their credit facilities as they come up for renewal. moreover, the size, terms, and covenants of any new credit facilities may not be comparable to, and may be more restrictive than, existing facilities. if entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to access the credit and capital markets on terms that are reasonable, they may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and/or bear an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could impact their ability to grow their businesses, decrease earnings, significantly reduce financial flexibility and/or limit entergy corporation's ability to sustain its current common stock dividend level.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
a downgrade in entergy corporation
'
s or its subsidiaries
' credit ratings could negatively affect entergy corporation
'
s and its subsidiaries
'
ability to access capital and/or could require entergy corporation or its subsidiaries to post collateral, accelerate certain payments, or repay certain indebtedness.
there are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for each of entergy corporation and the registrant subsidiaries, including each registrant's regulatory framework, ability to recover costs and earn returns, diversification and financial strength and liquidity. if one or more rating agencies downgrade entergy corporation's, any of the utility operating companies', or system energy's ratings, particularly below investment grade, borrowing costs would increase, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and cash or letter of credit collateral demands may be triggered by the terms of a number of commodity contracts, leases, and other agreements.
most of entergy corporation's and its subsidiaries' large customers, suppliers, and counterparties require sufficient creditworthiness to enter into transactions. if entergy corporation's or its subsidiaries' ratings decline, particularly below investment grade, or if certain counterparties believe entergy corporation or the utility operating companies are losing creditworthiness and demand adequate assurance under fuel, gas, and purchased power contracts, the counterparties may require posting of collateral in cash or letters of credit, prepayment for fuel, gas or purchased power or accelerated payment, or counterparties may decline business with entergy corporation or its subsidiaries. at december 31, 2014, based on power prices at that time, entergy had liquidity exposure of $159 million under the guarantees in place supporting entergy wholesale commodities transactions and $5 million of posted cash collateral. in the event of a decrease in entergy corporation's credit rating to below investment grade, based on power prices as of december 31, 2014, entergy would have been required to provide approximately $51 million of additional cash or letters of credit under some of the agreements. as of december 31, 2014, the liquidity exposure associated with entergy wholesale commodities assurance requirements, including return of previously posted collateral from counterparties, would increase by $52 million for a $1 per mmbtu increase in gas prices in both the short- and long-term markets.
287
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to successfully complete strategic transactions, including merger, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture, restructuring or other strategic transactions, is subject to significant risks, including the risk that required regulatory or governmental approvals may not be obtained, risks relating to unknown or undisclosed problems or liabilities, and the risk that for these or other reasons, entergy and its subsidiaries may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that they anticipate from such transactions.
from time to time, entergy and its subsidiaries have pursued and may continue to pursue strategic transactions including merger, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture, restructuring or other strategic transactions. in particular, as discussed in note 2 to the financial statements, two of entergy's subsidiaries, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana, are undertaking a transaction that would result in the combination of those entities into a single public utility. in addition, as discussed in the "capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital - union power station purchase agreement" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries, certain of entergy's subsidiaries have entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire the union power station, consisting of four natural gas-fired, combined-cycle gas turbine power blocks, each rated at 495 mw (summer rating), from union power partners, l.p. each of these transactions is subject to regulatory approval and other material conditions or contingencies. the failure to complete these transactions or any future strategic transaction successfully or on a timely basis could have an adverse effect on entergy's financial condition, results of operations and the market's perception of entergy's ability to execute its strategy. further, these transactions, and any completed or future strategic transactions, involve substantial risks, including the following:
  acquired businesses or assets may not produce revenues, earnings or cash flow at anticipated levels;
  acquired businesses or assets could have environmental, permitting or other problems for which contractual protections prove inadequate;
  entergy and/or its subsidiaries may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to them, that exceed their estimates, or for which their rights to indemnification from the seller are limited;
entergy and/or its subsidiaries may be unable to obtain the necessary regulatory or governmental approvals
  to close a transaction, such approvals may be granted subject to terms that are unacceptable to them, or entergy or its subsidiaries otherwise may be unable to achieve anticipated regulatory treatment of any such transaction or acquired business or assets; and
  entergy or its subsidiaries otherwise may be unable to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that they anticipate from the transaction, or such benefits may be delayed or may not occur at all.
the construction of, and capital improvements to, power generation facilities involve substantial risks. should construction or capital improvement efforts be unsuccessful, the financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity of entergy and the utility operating companies could be materially affected.
entergy's and the utility operating companies' ability to complete construction of power generation facilities in a timely manner and within budget is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. these variables include, but are not limited to, project management expertise and escalating costs for materials, labor, and environmental compliance. delays in obtaining permits, shortages in materials and qualified labor, suppliers and contractors not performing as required under their contracts, changes in the scope and timing of projects, poor quality initial cost estimates from contractors, the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, changes in commodity prices affecting revenue, fuel costs, or materials costs, downward changes in the economy, changes in law or regulation, including environmental compliance requirements, and other events beyond the control of the utility operating companies or the entergy wholesale commodities business may occur that may materially affect the schedule, cost, and performance of these projects. if these projects are significantly delayed or become subject to cost overruns or cancellation, entergy and the utility operating companies could incur additional costs and termination payments, or face increased risk of potential write-off of the investment in the project. for further information regarding capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital in connection with the potential construction of additional generation supply sources within the utility operating companies' service territory, and as to the entergy wholesale commodities business, see the " capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital "
section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy and each of the registrant subsidiaries.
288
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters.
the businesses in which the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state, and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. these laws and regulations also affect how the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business manage air emissions, discharges to water, wetlands impacts, solid and hazardous waste storage and disposal, cooling and service water intake, the protection of threatened and endangered species, hazardous materials transportation, and similar matters. federal, state, and local authorities continually revise these laws and regulations, and the laws and regulations are subject to judicial interpretation and to the permitting and enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. developing and implementing plans for facility compliance with these requirements can lead to capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures.
violations of these requirements can subject the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards. in addition, the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business potentially are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediation of environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. the utility operating companies are currently involved in proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance.
emissions of nitrogen and sulfur oxides, mercury, particulates, greenhouse gases, and other regulated air emissions from generating plants are potentially subject to increased regulation, controls and mitigation expenses. in addition, existing air regulations and programs promulgated by the epa often are challenged legally, sometimes resulting in large-scale changes to anticipated regulatory regimes and the resulting need to shift course, both operationally and economically, depending on the nature of the changes. risks relating to global climate change, initiatives to compel greenhouse gas emission reductions, and water availability issues are discussed below.
entergy and its subsidiaries may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory approvals.
if there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, or if entergy and its subsidiaries fail to obtain, maintain, or comply with any such approval, the operation of its facilities could be stopped or become subject to additional costs. for further information regarding environmental regulation and environmental matters, see the "
regulation of entergy
'
s business
- environmental regulation
" section of part i, item 1.
the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business may incur substantial costs related to reliability standards.
entergy's business is subject to extensive and mandatory reliability standards. such standards, which are established by the north american electric reliability corporation (nerc), the serc reliability corporation (serc), and other regional enforcement entities, are approved by the ferc and frequently are reviewed, amended, and supplemented. failure to comply with such standards could result in the imposition of fines or civil penalties, and potential exposure to third party claims for alleged violations of such standards. the standards, as well as the laws and regulations that govern them, are subject to judicial interpretation and to the enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. in addition to exposure to civil penalties and fines, the utility operating companies have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to compliance with new and existing reliability standards, including costs associated with the utility operating companies' transmission system and generation assets. the changes to the
289
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy reliability standards applicable to the electric power industry are ongoing, and entergy cannot predict the ultimate effect that the reliability standards will have on its utility and entergy wholesale commodities.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
the effects of weather and economic conditions, and the related impact on electricity and gas usage, may materially affect the utility operating companies
'
results of operations.
temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below moderate levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. as a corollary, moderate temperatures tend to decrease usage of energy and resulting revenues. seasonal pricing differentials, coupled with higher consumption levels, typically cause the utility operating companies to report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year than in the other quarters. extreme weather conditions or storms, however, may stress the utility operating companies' generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on their ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. these extreme conditions could have a material effect on the utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
entergy's electricity sales volumes are affected by a number of factors, including the state of the national and regional economies, weather, customer bill sizes (large bills tend to induce conservation), trends in energy efficiency, and the willingness and ability of large industrial customers to develop co-generation facilities that greatly reduce their demand from entergy. some of these factors are inherently cyclical or temporary in nature, such as the weather or economic conditions, and rarely have a long-lasting impact on entergy's operating results.
others, such as the increasing adoption of energy efficient appliances and building codes, are having a more permanent impact of reducing sales growth rates from historical norms. newer technologies such as distributed generation have not yet had a substantive impact on entergy's electricity sales, but further advances have the potential to do so in the future. since the national economy emerged from the last recession in 2009, entergy's industrial sales in particular have benefited from steady economic growth and relatively low natural gas prices from an historical perspective. any substantial negative change in any of these factors has the potential to result in slower or declining sales growth and increased bad debt expense, which could materially affect entergy's and the utility operating companies' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the effects of climate change and environmental and regulatory obligations intended to compel greenhouse gas emission reductions or to place a price on greenhouse gas emissions could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy, the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business.
in an effort to address climate change concerns, federal, state, and local authorities are calling for additional laws and regulations aimed at known or suspected causes of climate change. for example, in response to the united states supreme court's 2007 decision holding that the epa has authority to regulate emissions of co2 and other
"greenhouse gases" under the clean air act, the epa, various environmental interest groups, and other organizations are focusing considerable attention on co2 emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. in 2010, epa promulgated its first regulations controlling greenhouse gas emissions from certain vehicles and from new and significantly modified stationary sources of emissions, including electric generating units. in 2012 and 2013, epa proposed a co2 emission standard for new sources; this standard is expected to be finalized in 2015. additionally, epa proposed a co2 existing source performance standard regulation in 2014 for finalization in 2015. as examples of state action, in the northeast, the regional greenhouse gas initiative (rggi)
establishes a cap on co2 emissions from electric power plants and requires generators to purchase emission permits to cover their co2 emissions, and a similar program has been developed in california.
290
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy developing and implementing plans for compliance with greenhouse gas emissions reduction requirements can lead to additional capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures and could significantly affect the economic position of existing facilities and proposed projects; moreover, long-term planning to meet environmental requirements can be negatively impacted and costs may increase to the extent laws and regulations change prior to full implementation. violations of such requirements may subject entergy wholesale commodities and the utility operating companies to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards. to the extent entergy believes any of these costs are recoverable in rates, however, additional material rate increases for customers could be resisted by entergy's regulators and, in extreme cases, entergy's regulators might deny or defer timely recovery of these costs. future changes in environmental regulation governing the emission of co2 and other greenhouse gases could make some of entergy's electric generating units uneconomical to maintain or operate, and could increase the difficulty that entergy and its subsidiaries have with obtaining or maintaining required environmental regulatory approvals, which could also materially affect the financial condition, results of operations and liquidity of entergy and its subsidiaries. in addition, lawsuits currently are pending or are reasonably expected against emitters of greenhouse gases alleging that these companies are liable for personal injuries and property damage caused by climate change. these lawsuits may seek injunctive relief, monetary compensation, and punitive damages.
in addition to the regulatory and financial risks associated with climate change discussed above, physical risks from climate change include an increase in sea level, wind and storm surge damages, wetland and barrier island erosion, risks of flooding and changes in weather conditions, such as changes in precipitation, drought, average temperatures, and potential increased impacts of extreme weather conditions or storms. entergy subsidiaries own assets in, and serve, communities that are at risk from sea level rise, changes in weather conditions, storms, and loss of the protection offered by coastal wetlands. a significant portion of the nation's oil and gas infrastructure is located in these areas and susceptible to storm damage that could be aggravated by wetland and barrier island erosion, which could give rise to fuel supply interruptions and price spikes. entergy and its subsidiaries also face the risk that climate change could impact the availability and quality of water supply necessary for operations.
these and other physical changes could result in changes in customer demand, increased costs associated with repairing and maintaining generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on the entergy system's ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. also, to the extent that climate change adversely impacts the economic health of a region or results in energy conservation or demand side management programs, it may adversely impact customer demand and revenues. such physical or operational risks could have a material effect on entergy's, entergy wholesale commodities', system energy's, and the utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
continued and future availability and quality of water for cooling, process, and sanitary uses could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business.
water is a vital natural resource that is also critical to the utility operating companies'
, system energy's, and entergy wholesale commodities' business operations. entergy's facilities use water for cooling, boiler make-up, sanitary uses, potable supply, and many other uses. two of entergy's utility operating companies own and/or operate hydroelectric facilities. accordingly, water availability and quality are critical to entergy's business operations. impacts to water availability or quality could negatively impact both operations and revenues.
entergy secures water through various mechanisms (ground water wells, surface waters intakes, municipal supply, etc.) and operates under the provisions and conditions set forth by the provider and/or regulatory authorities.
entergy also obtains and operates in substantial compliance with water discharge permits issued under various provisions of the clean water act. regulations and authorizations for both water intake and use and for waste discharge can become more stringent in times of water shortages, low flows in rivers, low lake levels, low groundwater
291
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy aquifer volumes, and similar conditions. the increased use of water by industry, agriculture, and the population at large, population growth, and the potential impacts of climate change on water resources may cause water use restrictions that affect entergy and its subsidiaries.
entergy and its subsidiaries may not be adequately hedged against changes in commodity prices, which could materially affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
to manage near-term financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, entergy and its subsidiaries, including the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business, may enter into contracts to hedge portions of their purchase and sale commitments, fuel requirements, and inventories of natural gas, uranium and its conversion and enrichment, coal, refined products, and other commodities, within established risk management guidelines. as part of this strategy, entergy and its subsidiaries may utilize fixed- and variable-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and option contracts traded in the over-
the-counter markets or on exchanges. however, entergy and its subsidiaries normally cover only a portion of the exposure of their assets and positions to market price volatility, and the coverage will vary over time. in addition, entergy also elects to leave certain volumes during certain years unhedged. to the extent entergy and its subsidiaries have unhedged positions, fluctuating commodity prices can materially affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations and financial position.
although entergy and its subsidiaries devote a considerable effort to these risk management strategies, they cannot eliminate all the risks associated with these activities. as a result of these and other factors, entergy and its subsidiaries cannot predict with precision the impact that risk management decisions may have on their business, results of operations, or financial position.
entergy has guaranteed or indemnified the performance of a portion of the obligations relating to hedging and risk management activities. reductions in entergy's or its subsidiaries' credit quality or changes in the market prices of energy commodities could increase the cash or letter of credit collateral required to be posted in connection with hedging and risk management activities, which could materially affect entergy's or its subsidiaries' liquidity and financial position.
the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business are exposed to the risk that counterparties may not meet their obligations, which may materially affect the utility operating companies and entergy wholesale commodities.
the hedging and risk management practices of the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business are exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe entergy and its subsidiaries money, energy, or other commodities will not perform their obligations. currently, some hedging agreements contain provisions that require the counterparties to provide credit support to secure all or part of their obligations to entergy or its subsidiaries. if the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, entergy or its subsidiaries may enforce and recover the proceeds from the credit support provided and acquire alternative hedging arrangements, which credit support may not always be adequate to cover the related obligations. in such event, entergy and its subsidiaries might incur losses in addition to amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. in addition, the credit commitments of entergy's lenders under its bank facilities may not be honored for a variety of reasons, including unexpected periods of financial distress affecting such lenders, which could materially affect the adequacy of its liquidity sources.
the wall street transparency and accountability act of 2010 and rules and regulations promulgated under the act may adversely affect the ability of the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business to utilize certain commodity derivatives for hedging and mitigating commercial risk.
the wall street transparency and accountability act of 2010, which was enacted on july 21, 2010 as part of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (act), and the rules and regulations promulgated under the act impose governmental regulation on the over-the-counter derivative market, including the commodity
292
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy swaps used by the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business to hedge and mitigate commercial risk. under the act, certain swaps are subject to mandatory clearing and exchange trading requirements.
swap dealers and major market participants in the swap market are subject to capital, margin, registration, reporting, recordkeeping, and business conduct requirements with respect to their swap activities. entergy is not a swap dealer or a major swap participant, and does not expect to qualify as either in the future. non-swap dealers and non-major swap participants, such as entergy, are subject to reporting, recordkeeping, and business conduct requirements (i.e., anti-manipulation, anti-disruptive trading practices, and whistleblower provisions) with respect to their swap activities. position limits may also apply to certain swaps activities. position limit rules promulgated by the commodity futures trading commission were vacated by the us district court for the district of columbia. the commodity futures trading commission has subsequently proposed new position limit rules. if the commodity futures trading commission's issues final position limit rules, those rules may apply to certain of entergy's swaps activities.
the act required the applicable regulators, which in the case of commodity swaps will be the commodity futures trading commission, to engage in substantial rulemaking in order to implement the provisions of the act and such rulemaking has been largely completed. both the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business currently utilize commodity swaps to hedge and mitigate commodity price risk. it is not known whether the act and regulations promulgated under the act will have an adverse effect upon the market for the commodity swaps used by the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business. however, to the extent that the act and regulations promulgated under the act have the effect of increasing the price of such commodity swaps or limiting or reducing the availability of such commodity swaps, whether through the imposition of additional capital, margin, or compliance costs upon market participants, the imposition of position limits, or otherwise, the financial performance of the utility operating companies and/or the entergy wholesale commodities business may be adversely affected. to the extent that the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business may be required to post margin in connection with existing or future commodity swaps in addition to any margin currently posted by such entities, such entities may need to secure additional sources of capital to meet such liquidity needs or cease utilizing such commodity swaps.
market performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require additional funding.
the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust under entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans. a decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements relating to entergy's benefit plan liabilities. volatility in the capital markets has affected the market value of these assets, which may affect entergy's planned levels of contributions in the future. additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans can also increase as a result of changes in, among other factors, retirement rates, life expectancy assumptions, or federal regulations. for further information regarding entergy's pension and other postretirement benefit plans, refer to the "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy and each of its registrant subsidiaries and note 11 to the financial statements.
the litigation environment in the states in which certain entergy subsidiaries operate poses a significant risk to those businesses.
entergy and its subsidiaries are involved in the ordinary course of business in a number of lawsuits involving employment, commercial, asbestos, hazardous material and ratepayer matters, and injuries and damages issues, among other matters. the states in which the utility operating companies operate, in particular louisiana, mississippi, and texas, have proven to be unusually litigious environments. judges and juries in these states have demonstrated a willingness to grant large verdicts, including punitive damages, to plaintiffs in personal injury, property damage, and
293
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy business tort cases. entergy and its subsidiaries use legal and appropriate means to contest litigation threatened or filed against them, but the litigation environment in these states poses a significant business risk.
domestic or international terrorist attacks, including cyber attacks, and failures or breaches of entergy's and its subsidiaries' technology systems may adversely affect entergy's results of operations.
as power generators and distributors, entergy and its subsidiaries face heightened risk of an act or threat of terrorism, including physical and cyber attacks, either as a direct act against one of entergy's generation facilities, transmission operations centers, or distribution infrastructure used to manage and transport power to customers. an actual act could affect entergy's ability to operate the necessary information technology systems and network infrastructure. the utility operating companies also face heightened risk of an act or threat by cyber criminals, intent on accessing personal information for the purpose of committing identity theft.
entergy and its subsidiaries operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure in accordance with prescriptive standards.
despite the implementation of multiple layers of security by entergy and its subsidiaries, technology systems remain vulnerable to potential threats that could lead to unauthorized access or loss of availability to critical systems essential to the reliable operation of entergy's electric system. if entergy's or its subsidiaries'
technology systems were compromised and unable to recover timely to a normal state of operations, entergy or its subsidiaries may be unable to perform critical business functions that are essential to the company's well-being and the health, safety, and security needs of its customers. in addition, an attack on its information technology infrastructure may result in a loss of its confidential, sensitive, and proprietary information, including personal information of its customers, employees, vendors, and others in entergy's care.
if any such attacks, failures or breaches were to occur, entergy's and the utility operating companies' business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. the risk of such attacks, failures, or breaches may cause entergy and the utility operating companies to incur increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its nuclear power plants and other facilities, such as additional physical facility security and additional security personnel, and for systems to protect its information technology and network infrastructure systems. such events may also expose entergy to an increased risk of judgments and fines.
changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact entergy's, the utility operating companies', and system energy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
entergy and its subsidiaries make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various transactions and results of operations to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, franchise, real estate, sales and use, and employment-related taxes. these judgments include provisions for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. entergy and its subsidiaries also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. changes in federal, state, or local tax laws, adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by entergy and its subsidiaries could negatively affect entergy's, the utility operating companies', and system energy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. for further information regarding entergy's income taxes, refer to note 3 to the financial statements.
(entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy new orleans)
the effect of higher purchased gas cost charges to customers may adversely affect entergy gulf states louisiana's and entergy new orleans's results of operations and liquidity.
gas rates charged to retail gas customers are comprised primarily of purchased gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to entergy gulf states louisiana or entergy new orleans, and distribution charges, which provide
294
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy a return or profit to the utility. distribution charges are affected by the amount of gas sold to customers.
purchased gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer's bill and may be adjusted monthly, represent gas commodity costs that entergy gulf states louisiana or entergy new orleans recovers from its customers. entergy gulf states louisiana's or entergy new orleans's cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when gas is purchased and the time when ultimate recovery from customers occurs. when purchased gas cost charges increase substantially reflecting higher gas procurement costs incurred by entergy gulf states louisiana or entergy new orleans, customer usage may decrease, especially in weaker economic times, resulting in lower distribution charges for entergy gulf states louisiana or entergy new orleans, which could adversely affect results of operations.
(system energy)
system energy owns and operates a single nuclear generating facility, and it is dependent on affiliated companies for all of its revenues.
system energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% ownership/leasehold interest in grand gulf. charges under the unit power sales agreement are paid by the utility operating companies as consideration for their respective entitlements to receive capacity and energy. the useful economic life of grand gulf is finite and is limited by the terms of its operating license, which is currently due to expire on november 1, 2024. system energy filed in october 2011 an application with the nrc for an extension of grand gulf's operating license to 2044. system energy's financial condition depends both on the receipt of payments from the utility operating companies under the unit power sales agreement and on the continued commercial operation of grand gulf.
for information regarding the unit power sales agreement, the sale and leaseback transactions and certain other agreements relating to the entergy system companies' support of system energy (including the capital funds agreement), see the "
grand gulf-related agreements
" section of note 8 to the financial statements and the " sale and leaseback transactions " section of note 10 to the financial statements, and the "
utility
- system energy and related agreements " section of part i, item 1.
(entergy corporation)
as a holding company, entergy corporation depends on cash distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and other financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
entergy corporation is a holding company with no material revenue generating operations of its own or material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. entergy corporation's ability to satisfy its financial obligations, including the payment of interest and principal on its outstanding debt, and to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends or distributions by its subsidiaries. the payments of dividends or distributions to entergy corporation by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings, and on any applicable legal, regulatory, or contractual limitations on subsidiaries' ability to pay such dividends or distributions. provisions in the organizational documents, indentures for debt issuances, and other agreements of certain of entergy corporation's subsidiaries restrict the payment of cash dividends to entergy corporation. for further information regarding dividend or distribution restrictions to entergy corporation, see the "
retained earnings and dividend restrictions
" section of note 7 to the financial statements.
295
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations net income
2014 compared to 2013
net income decreased by $40.6 million primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses, lower other income, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, and a higher effective income tax rate, partially offset by higher net revenue.
2013 compared to 2012
net income increased $9.6 million primarily due to higher net revenue, higher other income, lower nuclear refueling outage expenses, and a lower effective income tax rate, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher interest expense, and higher depreciation and amortization expenses.
net revenue
2014 compared to 2013
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2014 to 2013.
amount
-in millions
2013 net revenue                   $1,301.5
retail electric price                  43.3
reserve equalization                   16.5
transmission revenue                   13.7
asset retirement obligation            12.7
miso deferral                         (11.1  )
volume/weather                        (13.0  )
net wholesale revenue                 (20.5  )
other                                  (7.2  )
2014 net revenue                   $1,335.9
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in the energy efficiency rider, as approved by the apsc, effective july 2013 and july 2014, and the effect of the apsc's order in the 2013 rate case, including an annual base rate increase effective january 2014, offset by a miso rider to provide customers credits in rates for transmission revenue received through miso. energy efficiency revenues are largely offset by costs included in other operation and maintenance expenses and have minimal effect on net income. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case.
the reserve equalization variance is primarily due to the absence of reserve equalization expenses as compared to
2013 resulting from entergy arkansas's exit from the system agreement.
296
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the transmission revenue variance is primarily due to changes as a result of participation in the miso rto in 2014.
the asset retirement obligation affects net revenue because entergy arkansas records a regulatory debit or credit for the difference between asset retirement obligation-related expenses and trust earnings plus asset retirement obligation related costs collected in revenue. the variance is primarily caused by an increase in regulatory credits because of a decrease in decommissioning trust earnings.
the miso deferral variance is due to the deferral in april 2013, as approved by the apsc, of costs incurred from march 2010 through december 2012 related to the transition and implementation of joining the miso rto.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease in sales volume during the unbilled sales period, partially offset by an increase of 190 gwh, or 1%, in billed electricity usage primarily in the residential sector.
the net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to lower margins on co-owner contracts due to contract changes.
2013 compared to 2012
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2013 to 2012.
amount
-in millions
2012 net revenue                   $1,253.0
retail electric price                  46.4
miso deferral                          11.1
net wholesale revenue                   6.5
volume/weather                        (10.7  )
asset retirement obligation           (10.4  )
other                                   5.6
2013 net revenue                   $1,301.5
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to:
an increase in the capacity acquisition rider, as approved by the apsc, effective with the first billing cycle of december 2012, relating to the hot spring plant acquisition. the net income effect of the hot
  spring plant cost recovery is limited to a portion representing an allowed return on equity on the net plant investment with the remainder offset by the hot spring plant costs in other operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation expenses, and taxes other than income taxes; and increases in the energy efficiency rider, as approved by the apsc, effective july 2014 and july 2013.
  energy efficiency revenues are largely offset by costs included in other operation and maintenance expenses and have minimal effect on net income.
the miso deferral variance is due to the deferral in april 2013, as approved by the apsc, of costs incurred from march 2010 through december 2012 related to the transition and implementation of joining the miso rto.
the net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to higher margins on co-owner contracts.
297
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the volume/weather variance is due to lower weather-adjusted usage across all sectors, partially offset by the effect of more favorable weather on residential sales. the decrease in the industry usage was primarily driven by the pulp and paper industry, the chemicals industry, and the food products industry.
the asset retirement obligation affects net revenue because entergy arkansas records a regulatory debit or credit for the difference between asset retirement obligation-related expenses and trust earnings plus asset retirement obligation related costs collected in revenue. the variance is primarily caused by a decrease in regulatory credits because of an increase in decommissioning trust earnings.
other income statement variances
2014 compared to 2013
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
a net increase of $26.4 million in energy efficiency costs, including a $4.3 million true-up to the 2013
  energy efficiency filing for fixed costs collected from customers. these costs are recovered through the energy efficiency rider and have a minimal effect on net income;
  an increase of $21.2 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to higher material costs, higher nuclear labor costs, including contract labor, and higher nrc fees;
  an increase of $13.9 million due to an increase in storm damage accruals effective january 2014, as approved by the apsc;
  an increase of $7.5 million in administration fees in 2014 related to participation in the miso rto;
an increase of $7.2 million due to the amortization in 2014 of human capital management costs that were
  deferred in 2013, as approved by the apsc. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the deferral of these costs;
  an increase of $5.2 million due to the amortization in 2014 of costs deferred in 2013 related to the transition and implementation of joining the miso rto, as discussed above; and the effects of recording the final court decision in 2013 in the entergy arkansas lawsuit against the u.s.
  department of energy related to spent nuclear fuel disposal. the damages awarded include the reimbursement of approximately $3.2 million of spent nuclear fuel storage costs previously recorded as other operation and maintenance expense.
the increase was partially offset by:
a decrease of $20.8 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to an increase in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs, other postretirement
  benefit plan design changes, fewer employees, and a settlement charge recognized in september 2013 related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan. see "critical accounting estimates" below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs;
a decrease of $9 million resulting from costs incurred in 2013 related to the generator stator incident at
  ano, including an offset for insurance proceeds. see "ano damage, outage, and nrc reviews" below for further discussion of the incident; and
  a decrease of $8.6 million resulting from costs incurred in 2013 related to the now-terminated plan to spin off and merge the utility's transmission business.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, higher depreciation rates in 2014, as approved by the apsc, and the effects of recording the final court decision in 2013
in the entergy arkansas lawsuit against the u.s. department of energy related to spent nuclear fuel disposal. the damages awarded include the reimbursement of approximately $3.6 million of spent nuclear fuel storage costs previously recorded as depreciation expense.
298
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis other income decreased primarily due to lower earnings in 2014 on decommissioning trust fund investments. there is no effect on net income as the trust fund earnings are offset by a corresponding amount of regulatory charges.
2013 compared to 2012
nuclear refueling outage expenses decreased primarily due to lower costs associated with the most recent outage as compared to the previous outages.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
an increase of $24.3 million resulting from implementation costs, severance costs, and curtailment and special termination benefits in 2013 related to the human  capital management strategic imperative,
  partially offset by the deferral, as approved by the apsc, of $21.8 million of these costs.  see "human capital management strategic imperative" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion;
  an increase of $16.2 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to the addition of the hot spring plant in november 2012;
  an increase of $16.1 million in energy efficiency costs.  these costs are recovered through the energy efficiency rider and have minimal effect on net income;
an increase of $10.8 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a decrease in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs and a settlement charge,
  recognized in september 2013, related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.  see "critical accounting estimates" below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs; and an increase of $9 million resulting from costs related to the generator stator incident at ano, including an
  offset for expected insurance proceeds. see "ano damage, outage, and nrc reviews" below for further discussion of the incident.
the increase was partially offset by:
a decrease of $4.6 million due to costs incurred in 2012 related to the transition and implementation of
  joining the miso rto. in april 2013, entergy arkansas began deferring these costs as approved by the apsc;
and the effects of recording the final court decision in 2013 in the entergy arkansas lawsuit against the u.s.
  department of energy related to spent nuclear fuel disposal. the damages awarded include the reimbursement of approximately $3.2 million of spent nuclear fuel storage costs previously recorded as other operation and maintenance expense.
also, other operation and maintenance expenses include $8.6 million in 2013 and $13.3 million in 2012 of costs incurred related to the now terminated plan to spin off and merge the transmission business.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to the acquisition of the hot spring plant in november 2012, partially offset by the effects of recording the final court decision in 2013 in the entergy arkansas lawsuit against the u.s. department of energy related to spent nuclear fuel disposal. the damages awarded include the reimbursement of approximately $3.6 million of spent nuclear fuel storage costs previously recorded as depreciation expense.
other income increased primarily due to higher realized gains in 2013 on the ano 1 and ano 2 decommissioning trust fund investments. there is no effect on net income as these investment gains are offset by a corresponding amount of regulatory charges.
299
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis interest expense increased primarily due to:
  the issuance of $200 million of 4.90% series first mortgage bonds in december 2012;
  the issuance of $250 million of 3.05% series first mortgage bonds bonds in may 2013; and
  the issuance of $125 million of 4.75% series first mortgage bonds in june 2013.
this increase was offset by the retirement, at maturity, of $300 million of 5.40% series first mortgage bonds in august 2013.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2014, 2013, and 2012 were 40.8%, 36.2% and 38.4%, respectively. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
ano damage, outage, and nrc reviews on march 31, 2013, during a scheduled refueling outage at ano 1, a contractor-owned and operated heavy-lifting apparatus collapsed while moving the generator stator out of the turbine building. the collapse resulted in the death of an ironworker and injuries to several other contract workers, caused ano 2 to shut down, and damaged the ano turbine building. the turbine building serves both ano 1 and 2 and is a non-radiological area of the plant. ano
2 reconnected to the grid on april 28, 2013 and ano 1 reconnected to the grid on august 7, 2013. the total cost of assessment, restoration of off-site power, site restoration, debris removal, and replacement of damaged property and equipment was approximately $95 million. in addition, entergy arkansas incurred replacement power costs for ano
2 power during its outage and incurred incremental replacement power costs for ano 1 power because the outage extended beyond the originally-planned duration of the refueling outage. in february 2014 the apsc approved entergy arkansas's request to exclude from the calculation of its revised energy cost rate $65.9 million of deferred fuel and purchased energy costs incurred in 2013 as a result of the ano stator incident. the apsc authorized entergy arkansas to retain the $65.9 million in its deferred fuel balance with recovery to be reviewed in a later period after more information regarding various claims associated with the ano stator incident is available.
entergy arkansas is pursuing its options for recovering damages that resulted from the stator drop, including its insurance coverage and legal action. entergy is a member of nuclear electric insurance limited (neil), a mutual insurance company that provides property damage coverage to the members' nuclear generating plants, including ano.
neil has notified entergy that it believes that a $50 million course of construction sublimit applies to any loss associated with the lifting apparatus failure and stator drop at ano. entergy has responded that it disagrees with neil's position and is evaluating its options for enforcing its rights under the policy. during 2014, entergy arkansas collected $50 million from neil and is pursuing additional recoveries due under the policy. on july 12,
2013, entergy arkansas filed a complaint in the circuit court in pope county, arkansas against the owner of the heavy-lifting apparatus that collapsed, an engineering firm, a contractor, and certain individuals asserting claims of breach of contract, negligence, and gross negligence in connection with their responsibility for the stator drop.
shortly after the stator incident, the nrc deployed an augmented inspection team to review the plant's response. in july 2013 a second team of nrc inspectors visited ano to evaluate certain items that were identified as requiring follow-up inspection to determine whether performance deficiencies existed. in march 2014 the nrc issued an inspection report on the follow-up inspection that discussed two preliminary findings, one that was preliminarily determined to be "red with high safety significance" for unit 1 and one that was preliminarily determined to be
"yellow with substantial safety significance" for unit 2, with the nrc indicating further that these preliminary findings may warrant additional regulatory oversight. this report also noted that one additional item related to flood barrier effectiveness was still under review.
300
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in may 2014 the nrc met with entergy during a regulatory conference to discuss the preliminary red and yellow findings and entergy's response to the findings. during the regulatory conference, entergy presented information on the facts and assumptions the nrc used to assess the potential findings. the nrc used the information provided by entergy at the regulatory conference to finalize its decision regarding the inspection team's findings. in a letter dated june 23, 2014, the nrc classified both findings as "yellow with substantial safety significance." in an assessment follow-up letter for ano dated july 29, 2014, the nrc stated that given the two yellow findings, it determined that the performance at ano is in the "degraded cornerstone column," or column 3, of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix beginning the first quarter 2014. corrective actions in response to the nrc's findings have been taken and remain ongoing at ano. the nrc plans to conduct supplemental inspection activity to review the actions taken to address the yellow findings. entergy will continue to interact with the nrc to address the nrc's findings.
in september 2014 the nrc issued an inspection report on the flood barrier effectiveness issue that was still under review at the time of the march 2014 inspection report. while entergy believes that the flood barrier issues that led to the finding have been addressed at ano, nrc processes still required that the nrc assess the safety significance of the deficiencies. in its september 2014 inspection report, the nrc discussed a preliminary finding of "yellow with substantial safety significance" for the unit 1 and unit 2 auxiliary and emergency diesel fuel storage buildings. the nrc indicated that these preliminary findings may warrant additional regulatory oversight.
entergy requested a public regulatory conference regarding the inspection, and the conference was held on october
28, 2014. during the regulatory conference, entergy presented information related to the facts and assumptions used by the nrc in arriving at its preliminary finding of "yellow with substantial safety significance." in january 2015
the nrc issued its final risk significance determination for the flood barrier violation originally cited in the september 2014 report. the nrc's final risk significance determination was classified as "yellow with substantial safety significance."
the nrc's january 2015 letter did not advise ano of the additional level of oversight that will result from the yellow finding related to the flood barrier issue, and it stated that the nrc would inform ano of this decision by separate correspondence. the yellow finding may result in ano being placed into the "multiple/repetitive degraded cornerstone column" of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix. placement into this column would require significant additional nrc inspection activities at the ano site, including a review of the site's root cause evaluation associated with the flood barrier and stator issues, an assessment of the effectiveness of the site's corrective action program, an additional design basis inspection, a safety culture assessment, and possibly other inspection activities consistent with the nrc's inspection procedure. the additional nrc inspection activities at the site are expected to increase ano's operating costs.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were as follows:
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning         $127,022        $34,533        $22,599
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                            403,826        401,250        509,117
investing activities                           (600,628  )    (524,473  )    (723,248  )
financing activities                            288,285        215,712        226,065
net increase in cash and cash                    91,483         92,489         11,934
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of            $218,505       $127,022        $34,533
period
301
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $2.6 million in 2014 primarily due to:
income tax refunds of $48.9 million in 2014 compared to income tax payments of $184.6 million in 2013.
entergy arkansas received income tax refunds in 2014 in accordance with the entergy corporation and
  subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax refunds in 2014 resulted primarily from the utilization of entergy arkansas's net operating losses by the consolidated group whereas the income tax payments in 2013 resulted primarily from the reversal of temporary differences for which entergy arkansas had previously claimed a tax deduction;
  approximately $25 million in spending in 2013 related to the generator stator incident at ano, as discussed above; and
  $13.4 million in insurance proceeds received in 2014 for property damages related to the generator stator incident at ano, as discussed above.
the increase was partially offset by:
a decrease in the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs including a $68 million system agreement bandwidth remedy payment made in may 2014 as a result of the compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's february 2014 orders related to the bandwidth payments/receipts for the june - december 2005 period and a
  $33.7 million system agreement bandwidth remedy payment made in september 2014 as a result of the compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's orders related to the bandwidth payments/receipts for the comprehensive recalculation for 2007, 2008, and 2009.  see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the system agreement bandwidth remedy payments;
an increase of $60.1 million in pension contributions in 2014.  see "critical accounting estimates"below and
  note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding;
  proceeds of $38 million received in 2013 from the u.s. department of energy resulting from litigation regarding the storage of spent nuclear fuel;
  the timing of payments to vendors; and
  an increase of $24.6 million in storm spending in 2014.
net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $107.9 million in 2013 primarily due to:
income tax payments of $184.6 million in 2013 compared to income tax refunds of $20.5 million in 2012.
entergy arkansas had income tax payments in 2013 in accordance with the entergy corporation and subsidiary
  companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax payments in 2013 resulted primarily from the reversal of temporary differences for which entergy arkansas had previously claimed a tax deduction;
  approximately $25 million in spending related to the generator stator incident at ano, as discussed above;
$22.6 million in storm restoration spending in 2013 resulting from the december 2012 winter storm which
  caused significant damage to entergy arkansas's distribution lines, equipment, poles and other facilities;
and
  a decrease in the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  proceeds of $38 million associated with the payments received in 2013 from the u.s. department of energy resulting from litigation regarding the storage of spent nuclear fuel; and
  the $30.6 million june 2012 refund to amerenue, including interest, in rough production cost equalization payments previously collected from ameren ue .
302
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis investing activities net cash used in investing activities increased $76.2 million in 2014 primarily due to:
  an increase of $101.4 million storm spending in 2014;
fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of
  fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and
  proceeds of $10.3 million received in 2013 from the u.s. department of energy resulting from litigation regarding the storage of spent nuclear fuel.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  approximately $69 million in spending in 2013 related to the generator stator incident at ano, as discussed above;
  $36.6 million in insurance proceeds received in 2014 for property damages related to the generator stator incident at ano, as discussed above; and
  money pool activity.
decreases in entergy arkansas's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy arkansas's receivable from the money pool decreased by $15.3 million in 2014 as compared to increasing by $9.5 million in
2013. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $198.8 million in 2013 primarily due to the purchase of the hot spring energy facility for approximately $253 million in november 2012 and fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle. see note
15 to the financial statements for a discussion of the purchase of the hot spring energy facility.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  approximately $69 million in spending related to the generator stator incident at ano, as discussed above;
  $39.6 million in storm restoration spending in 2013 resulting from the december 2012 winter storm;
  $7.6 million in storm restoration spending in 2013 resulting from the december 2013 winter storm; and
  money pool activity.
increases in entergy arkansas's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy arkansas's receivable from the money pool increased by $9.5 million in 2013 as compared to decreasing by $9.3 million in 2012.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities increased $72.6 million in 2014 primarily due to:
  the issuance of $375 million of 3.70% series first mortgage bonds in march 2014;
  the retirement, at maturity, of $300 million of 5.40% series first mortgage bonds in august 2013;
  the issuance of $90 million of 9% series l notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in july 2014;
  the issuance of $250 million of 4.95% series first mortgage bonds in december 2014;
  net borrowings of $48 million on the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility in 2014 compared to net repayments of $36.7 million in 2013;
303
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
  the retirement, at maturity, of $30 million of 9% series h notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in june 2013; and
  a decrease of $5 million in common stock dividends paid in 2014.
the increase was partially offset by:
  borrowings on a $250 million term loan credit facility entered into in july 2013 and its repayment, prior to maturity, in march 2014;
  the issuance of $250 million of 3.05% series first mortgage bonds in may 2013;
  the issuance of $125 million of 4.75% series first mortgage bonds in june 2013;
  the retirement, prior to maturity, of $115 million of 5.0% series first mortgage bonds in april 2014; and
  the retirement, at maturity, of $70 million of 5.69% series i notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in july 2014.
net cash provided by financing activities decreased $10.4 million in 2013 primarily due to:
  the retirement, at maturity, of $30 million of 9% series h notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in june 2013;
  the retirement, at maturity, of $300 million of 5.40% series first mortgage bonds in august 2013;
  the issuance of $200 million of 4.9% series first mortgage bonds in december 2012;
  the issuance of $60 million of 2.62% series k notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in december 2012; and
  the net repayment of $36.7 million of borrowings on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility in 2013 compared to net borrowings of $2.8 million in 2012.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  the issuance of $250 million of 3.05% series first mortgage bonds in may 2013 and $125 million of 4.75%
series first mortgage bonds in june 2013; and
  borrowings on a $250 million term loan credit facility entered into in july 2013.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
capital structure entergy arkansas's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio for entergy arkansas is primarily due to an increase in long-term debt as a result of the issuance of $375 million of 3.70% series first mortgage bonds in march 2014.
december 31,2014    december 31,2013
debt to capital                                    58.4%               56.7%
effect of excluding the securitization bonds       -0.7%               -0.9%
debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds    57.7%               55.8%
(a)
effect of subtracting cash                         -2.2%               -1.4%
net debt to net capital, excluding securitization  55.5%               54.4%
bonds (a)
(a)  calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy arkansas.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy arkansas uses the debt to capital ratios
304
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy arkansas's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy arkansas, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy arkansas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy arkansas's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy arkansas's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
uses of capital entergy arkansas requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt and preferred stock maturities or retirements;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
  dividend and interest payments.
following are the amounts of entergy arkansas's planned construction and other capital investments.
2015    2016    2017
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $405    $155    $235
transmission                                 255     130      80
distribution                                 195     180     165
other                                         35      20      20
total                                       $890    $485    $500
following are the amounts of entergy arkansas's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2015    2016-2017    2018-2019    after 2020     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $105         $378         $203        $3,963    $4,649
operating leases                     $28          $40          $22            $9       $99
purchase obligations (b)            $760         $986         $761        $1,694    $4,201
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy arkansas, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which are discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy arkansas currently expects to contribute approximately $92.5 million to its pension plans and approximately $16.9 million to other postretirement plans in
2015, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015
valuations are completed by april 1, 2015. see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy arkansas has $1.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably
305
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy arkansas includes specific investments, such as the union power station acquisition discussed below; nrc post-
fukushima requirements; environmental compliance spending, including potential scrubbers at white bluff to meet pending arkansas state requirements under the clean air visibility rule; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; resource planning; generation projects; system improvements; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, requirements, and oversight, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary, entergy arkansas pays dividends to entergy corporation from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. entergy arkansas's long-term debt indenture restricts the amount of retained earnings available for the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred stock. as of december 31, 2014, entergy arkansas had restricted retained earnings unavailable for distribution to entergy corporation of $394.9 million.
union power station purchase agreement in december 2014, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, and entergy texas entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire the union power station, a 1,980 mw (summer rating) power generation facility located near el dorado, arkansas, from union power partners, l.p. the union power station consists of four natural gas-fired, combined-cycle gas turbine power blocks, each rated at 495 mw (summer rating). pursuant to the agreement, entergy gulf states louisiana will acquire two of the power blocks and a 50% undivided ownership interest in certain assets related to the facility, and entergy arkansas and entergy texas will each acquire one power block and a 25%
undivided ownership interest in such related assets. (if entergy arkansas or entergy texas do not obtain approval for the purchase of their power blocks, entergy gulf states louisiana will seek to purchase the power blocks not approved.) the base purchase price is expected to be approximately $948 million (approximately $237 million for each power block) subject to adjustments. in addition, entergy gulf states louisiana anticipates selling 20% of the capacity and energy associated with its two power blocks to entergy new orleans through a cost-based, life-of-unit power purchase agreement. the purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals, including cost recovery, from various federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies. these include regulatory approvals from the apsc, lpsc, puct, and ferc, as well as clearance under the hart-scott-rodino anti-
trust law. in december 2014, entergy texas filed its application with the puct for approval of the acquisition. the puct has indicated that it will convene the hearing on the merits of this case in june 2015. entergy texas intends to file a rate application to seek cost recovery later in 2015. in january 2015, entergy gulf states louisiana filed its application with the lpsc and entergy arkansas filed its application with the apsc, each for approval of the acquisition and cost recovery. closing is targeted to occur in late-2015.
sources of capital entergy arkansas's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt or preferred stock issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
306
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy arkansas may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt and preferred stock prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred stock issuances by entergy arkansas require prior regulatory approval. preferred stock and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in entergy arkansas's corporate charters, bond indentures, and other agreements. entergy arkansas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy arkansas's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2014                      2013      2012       2011
-in thousands
$2,218                 $17,531    $8,035    $17,362
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy arkansas has credit facilities in the amount of $20 million and $150 million scheduled to expire in april
2015 and march 2019, respectively. the $150 million credit facility allows entergy arkansas to issue letters of credit against 50% of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2014, there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facilities. in addition, entergy arkansas entered into an uncommitted letter of credit facility in 2014 as a means to post collateral to support its obligations under miso. as of december 31, 2014 , a $2 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy arkansas's letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $85
million scheduled to expire in june 2016. as of december 31, 2014, $48 million was outstanding on the credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility.
entergy arkansas obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2015 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $250 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy arkansas's short-term borrowing limits. the long-term securities issuances of entergy arkansas are limited to amounts authorized by the apsc and the tennessee regulatory authority; the current authorizations extend through december
2015.
in march 2014, entergy arkansas issued $375 million of 3.70% series first mortgage bonds due june 2024. entergy arkansas used the proceeds to pay, prior to maturity, its $250 million term loan, to pay, prior to maturity, its
$115 million of 5.0% series first mortgage bonds due july 2018, and for general corporate purposes.
in july 2014 the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel trust variable interest entity issued $90 million of 3.65% series l notes due july 2021. the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel trust variable interest entity used the proceeds to pay, at maturity, its $70 million of 5.69% series i notes due july 2014 and to purchase additional nuclear fuel.
in december 2014, entergy arkansas issued $250 million of 4.95% series first mortgage bonds due december 2044.
entergy arkansas used the proceeds for general corporate purposes.
307
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery retail rates
2013 base rate filing in march 2013, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc for a general change in rates, charges, and tariffs. the filing assumed entergy arkansas's transition to miso in december 2013, and requested a rate increase of $174 million , including $49 million of revenue being transferred from collection in riders to base rates. the filing also proposed a new transmission rider and a capacity cost recovery rider. the filing requested a 10.4% return on common equity. in september 2013, entergy arkansas filed testimony reflecting an updated rate increase request of $145
million , with no change to its requested return on common equity of 10.4% . hearings in the proceeding began in october 2013, and in december 2013 the apsc issued an order. the order authorized a base rate increase of $81
million and included an authorized return on common equity of 9.3% . the order allows entergy arkansas to amortize its human capital management costs over a three-and-a-half year period, but also orders entergy arkansas to file a detailed report of the arkansas-specific costs, savings and final payroll changes upon conclusion of the human capital management strategic imperative. the detailed report was subsequently filed in february 2015. the substance of the report will be addressed in entergy arkansas's next base rate filing. new rates were implemented in the first billing cycle of march 2014, effective as of january 2014. additionally, in january 2014, entergy arkansas filed a petition for rehearing or clarification of several aspects of the apsc's order, including the 9.3%
authorized return on common equity. in february 2014 the apsc granted entergy arkansas's petition for the purpose of considering the additional evidence identified by entergy arkansas. in august 2014 the apsc issued an order amending certain aspects of the original order, including providing for a 9.5% authorized return on common equity.
pursuant to the august 2014 order, revised rates are effective for all bills rendered after december 31, 2013 and were implemented in the first billing cycle of october 2014.
on january 30, 2015, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc a notice of intent to file a rate case within 60 to 90
days.
production cost allocation rider the apsc approved a production cost allocation rider for recovery from customers of the retail portion of the costs allocated to entergy arkansas as a result of the system agreement proceedings. these costs cause an increase in entergy arkansas's deferred fuel cost balance because entergy arkansas pays the costs over seven months but collects them from customers over twelve months. see note 2 to the financial statements and entergy corporation and subsidiaries "
management's financial discussion and analysis -
system agreement " for discussions of the system agreement proceedings.
in may 2014, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of the production cost allocation rider to recover the $3 million unrecovered retail balance as of december 31, 2013 and the $67.8 million system agreement bandwidth remedy payment made in may 2014 as a result of the compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's february 2014 orders related to the bandwidth payments/receipts for the june - december 2005 period. in june 2014 the apsc suspended the annual redetermination of the production cost allocation rider and scheduled a hearing in september 2014. upon a joint motion of the parties, the apsc canceled the september 2014 hearing and in january 2015 the apsc issued an order approving entergy arkansas's request for recovery of the $3 million under-recovered amount based on the true-
up of the production cost allocation rider and the $67.8 million may 2014 system agreement bandwidth remedy payment subject to refund with interest, with recovery of these payments concluding with the last billing cycle in december
2015. the apsc also found that entergy arkansas is entitled to carrying charges pursuant to the current terms of the production cost allocation rider. entergy arkansas made its compliance filing pursuant to the order in january
2015 and the apsc issued its approval order, also in january 2015. the redetermined rate went into effect the first billing cycle of february 2015.
308
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis energy cost recovery rider entergy arkansas's retail rates include an energy cost recovery rider to recover fuel and purchased energy costs in monthly customer bills. the rider utilizes the prior calendar-year energy costs and projected energy sales for the twelve-month period commencing on april 1 of each year to develop an energy cost rate, which is redetermined annually and includes a true-up adjustment reflecting the over- or under-recovery, including carrying charges, of the energy costs for the prior calendar year. the energy cost recovery rider tariff also allows an interim rate request depending upon the level of over- or under-recovery of fuel and purchased energy costs.
in october 2005 the apsc initiated an investigation into entergy arkansas's interim energy cost recovery rate. the investigation focused on entergy arkansas's 1) gas contracting, portfolio, and hedging practices; 2) wholesale purchases during the period; 3) management of the coal inventory at its coal generation plants; and 4) response to the contractual failure of the railroads to provide coal deliveries. in march 2006 the apsc extended its investigation to cover the costs included in entergy arkansas's march 2006 annual energy cost rate filing, and a hearing was held in the apsc investigation in october 2006.
in january 2007 the apsc issued an order in its review of the energy cost rate. the apsc found that entergy arkansas failed to maintain an adequate coal inventory level going into the summer of 2005 and that entergy arkansas should be responsible for any incremental energy costs that resulted from two outages caused by employee and contractor error. the coal plant generation curtailments were caused by railroad delivery problems and entergy arkansas has since resolved litigation with the railroad regarding the delivery problems. the apsc staff was directed to perform an analysis with entergy arkansas's assistance to determine the additional fuel and purchased energy costs associated with these findings and file the analysis within sixty days of the order. after a final determination of the costs is made by the apsc, entergy arkansas will be directed to refund that amount with interest to its customers as a credit on the energy cost recovery rider. entergy arkansas requested rehearing of the order.
in february 2010 the apsc denied entergy arkansas's request for rehearing, and held a hearing in september 2010 to determine the amount of damages, if any, that should be assessed against entergy arkansas. a decision is pending.
entergy arkansas expects the amount of damages, if any, to have an immaterial effect on its results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
the apsc also established a separate docket to consider the resolved railroad litigation, and in february 2010 it established a procedural schedule that concluded with testimony through september 2010. the testimony has been filed, and the apsc will decide the case based on the record in the proceeding.
in january 2014, entergy arkansas filed a motion with the apsc relating to its redetermination of its energy cost rate to be filed in march 2014. in that motion, entergy arkansas requested that the apsc authorize entergy arkansas to exclude $65.9 million of deferred fuel and purchased energy costs incurred in 2013 from the redetermination of its 2014 energy cost rate. the $65.9 million is an estimate of the incremental fuel and replacement energy costs that entergy arkansas incurred as a result of the ano stator incident. entergy arkansas requested that the apsc authorize entergy arkansas to retain that amount in its deferred fuel balance, with recovery to be reviewed in a later period after more information is available regarding various claims associated with the ano stator incident.
the apsc approved entergy arkansas's request in february 2014. see the "
ano damage, outage, and nrc reviews
" section above for further discussion of the ano stator incident.
storm cost recovery entergy arkansas december 2012 winter storm in december 2012 a severe winter storm consisting of ice, snow, and high winds caused significant damage to entergy arkansas's distribution lines, equipment, poles, and other facilities. total restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of entergy arkansas's electrical facilities in areas damaged from the winter storm were $63
million,
309
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis including costs recorded as regulatory assets of approximately $22 million. in the entergy arkansas 2013 rate case, the apsc approved inclusion of the construction spending in rate base and approved an increase in the normal storm cost accrual, which will effectively amortize the regulatory asset over a five-year period.
opportunity sales proceeding in june 2009, the lpsc filed a complaint requesting that the ferc determine that certain of entergy arkansas's sales of electric energy to third parties: (a) violated the provisions of the system agreement that allocate the energy generated by entergy system resources, (b) imprudently denied the entergy system and its ultimate consumers the benefits of low-cost entergy system generating capacity, and (c) violated the provision of the system agreement that prohibits sales to third parties by individual companies absent an offer of a right-of-first-refusal to other utility operating companies. the lpsc's complaint challenges sales made beginning in 2002 and requests refunds. in july 2009, the utility operating companies filed a response to the complaint requesting that the ferc dismiss the complaint on the merits without hearing because the lpsc has failed to meet its burden of showing any violation of the system agreement and failed to produce any evidence of imprudent action by the entergy system. in their response, the utility operating companies explained that the system agreement clearly contemplates that the utility operating companies may make sales to third parties for their own account, subject to the requirement that those sales be included in the load (or load shape) for the applicable utility operating company. the response further explained that the ferc already had determined that entergy arkansas's short-term wholesale sales did not trigger the "right-of-first-refusal" provision of the system agreement. while the d.c. circuit recently determined that the
"right-of-first-refusal" issue was not properly before the ferc at the time of its earlier decision on the issue, the lpsc raised no additional claims or facts that would warrant the ferc reaching a different conclusion.
the lpsc filed direct testimony in the proceeding alleging, among other things, (1) that entergy violated the system agreement by permitting entergy arkansas to make non-requirements sales to non-affiliated third parties rather than making such energy available to the other utility operating companies' customers; and (2) that over the period 2000 - 2009, these non-requirements sales caused harm to the utility operating companies' customers and these customers should be compensated for this harm by entergy. in subsequent testimony, the lpsc modified its original damages claim in favor of quantifying damages by re-running intra-system bills. the utility operating companies believe the lpsc's allegations are without merit. a hearing in the matter was held in august 2010.
in december 2010, the alj issued an initial decision. the alj found that the system agreement allowed for entergy arkansas to make the sales to third parties but concluded that the sales should be accounted for in the same manner as joint account sales. the alj concluded that "shareholders" should make refunds of the damages to the utility operating companies, along with interest. entergy disagreed with several aspects of the alj's initial decision and in january 2011 filed with the ferc exceptions to the decision.
the ferc issued a decision in june 2012 and held that, while the system agreement is ambiguous, it does provide authority for individual utility operating companies to make opportunity sales for their own account and entergy arkansas made and priced these sales in good faith. the ferc found, however, that the system agreement does not provide authority for an individual utility operating company to allocate the energy associated with such opportunity sales as part of its load, but provides a different allocation authority. the ferc further found that the after-the-fact accounting methodology used to allocate the energy used to supply the sales was inconsistent with the system agreement. quantifying the effect of the ferc's decision will require re-running intra-system bills for a ten-year period, and the ferc in its decision established further hearing procedures to determine the calculation of the effects. in july 2012, entergy and the lpsc filed requests for rehearing of the ferc's june 2012
decision, which are pending with the ferc.
as required by the procedural schedule established in the calculation proceeding, entergy filed its direct testimony that included a proposed illustrative re-run, consistent with the directives in ferc's order, of intra-
system bills for 2003, 2004, and 2006, the three years with the highest volume of opportunity sales. entergy's proposed illustrative re-run of intra-system bills shows that the potential cost for entergy arkansas would be up to $12 million
310
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for the years 2003, 2004, and 2006, excluding interest, and the potential benefit would be significantly less than that for each of the other utility operating companies. entergy's proposed illustrative re-run of the intra-system bills also shows an offsetting potential benefit to entergy arkansas for the years 2003, 2004, and 2006 resulting from the effects of the ferc's order on system agreement service schedules mss-1, mss-2, and mss-3, and the potential offsetting cost would be significantly less than that for each of the other utility operating companies.
entergy provided to the lpsc an illustrative intra-system bill recalculation as specified by the lpsc for the years
2003, 2004, and 2006, and the lpsc then filed answering testimony in december 2012. in its testimony the lpsc claims that the damages, excluding interest, that should be paid by entergy arkansas to the other utility operating company's customers for 2003, 2004, and 2006 are $42 million to entergy gulf states, inc., $7 million to entergy louisiana, $23 million to entergy mississippi, and $4 million to entergy new orleans. the ferc staff and certain intervenors filed direct and answering testimony in february 2013. in april 2013, entergy filed its rebuttal testimony in that proceeding, including a revised illustrative re-run of the intra-system bills for the years 2003,
2004, and 2006. the revised calculation determines the re-pricing of the opportunity sales based on consideration of moveable resources only and the removal of exchange energy received by entergy arkansas, which increases the potential cost for entergy arkansas over the three years 2003, 2004, and 2006 by $2.3 million from the potential costs identified in the utility operating companies' prior filings in september and october 2012. a hearing was held in may 2013 to quantify the effect of repricing the opportunity sales in accordance with the ferc's decision.
in august 2013 the presiding judge issued an initial decision in the calculation proceeding. the initial decision concludes that the methodology proposed by the lpsc, rather than the methodologies proposed by entergy or the ferc staff, should be used to calculate the payments that entergy arkansas is to make to the other utility operating companies. the initial decision also concludes that the other system agreement service schedules should not be adjusted and that payments by entergy arkansas should not be reflected in the rough production cost equalization bandwidth calculations for the applicable years. the initial decision does recognize that the lpsc's methodology would result in an inequitable windfall to the other utility operating companies and, therefore, concludes that any payments by entergy arkansas should be reduced by 20%. the utility operating companies are currently analyzing the effects of the initial decision. the lpsc, apsc, city council, and ferc staff filed briefs on exceptions and/or briefs opposing exceptions. entergy filed a brief on exceptions requesting that ferc reverse the initial decision and a brief opposing certain exceptions taken by the lpsc and ferc staff. the ferc's review of the initial decision is pending. no payments will be made or received by the utility operating companies until the ferc issues an order reviewing the initial decision and entergy submits a subsequent filing to comply with that order.
federal regulation see " entergy's integration into the miso regional transmission organization ," " system agreement ," and " u.s.
department of justice investigation " in the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of these topics.
nuclear matters entergy arkansas owns and operates, through an affiliate, the ano 1 and ano 2 nuclear power plants. entergy arkansas is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. these include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of either ano 1 or ano 2, entergy arkansas may be required to file with the apsc a rate mechanism to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.
311
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the reactor coolant system. the issue is applicable to ano and is managed in accordance with industry standard practices and guidelines that include in-service examinations, replacements, and mitigation strategies.
developments in the industry or identification of issues at the nuclear units could require unanticipated remediation efforts that cannot be quantified in advance.
after the nuclear incident in japan resulting from the march 2011 earthquake and tsunami, the nrc established a task force to conduct a review of processes and regulations relating to nuclear facilities in the united states.
the task force issued a near-term (90-day) report in july 2011 that made initial recommendations, which were subsequently refined and prioritized after input from stakeholders. the task force then issued a second report in september 2011. based upon the task force's recommendations, the nrc issued three orders effective on march 12,
2012. the three orders require u.s. nuclear operators to undertake plant modifications and perform additional analyses that will, among other things, result in increased operating and capital costs associated with operating nuclear plants. the nrc, with input from the industry, is continuing to determine the specific actions required by the orders. entergy arkansas's estimated capital expenditures for 2015 through 2017 for complying with the nrc orders are included in the planned construction and other capital investments estimates given in "
liquidity and capital resources
- uses of capital
" above.
environmental risks entergy arkansas's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy arkansas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy arkansas's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy arkansas's financial position or results of operations.
nuclear decommissioning costs see "
nuclear decommissioning costs
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
in 2014, entergy arkansas recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liabilities for ano 1 and ano 2
as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimates resulted in a $47.6 million increase in the decommissioning cost liabilities, along with a corresponding increase in the related asset retirement cost assets that will be depreciated over the remaining lives of the units.
unbilled revenue as discussed in note 1 to the financial statements, entergy arkansas records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. the difference between the estimate of the
312
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. the estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy arkansas's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in             impact on 2014         impact on 2014
actuarial assumption                assumption    qualified pension cost    qualified projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                       -0.25%                        $3,172                $51,882
rate of return on plan assets       -0.25%                        $2,153                     $-
rate of increase in compensation    0.25%                         $1,238                 $7,401
the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in                  impact on 2014    impact on 2014 accumulated actuarial assumption      assumption    postretirement benefit cost        postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                               $749                       $10,813
health care cost trend    0.25%                              $1,276                        $9,378
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy arkansas in 2014 was $42.4 million. entergy arkansas anticipates 2015
qualified pension cost to be $62.7 million. entergy arkansas contributed $95.5 million to its pension plan in 2014
and estimates 2015 pension contributions to be approximately $92.5 million, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015 valuations are completed by april 1,
2015.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy arkansas in 2014 was $2.1 million.
entergy arkansas expects 2015 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs of approximately
313
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
$3.2 million. entergy arkansas contributed $15.3 million to its other postretirement plans in 2014 and expects to contribute approximately $16.9 million in 2015.
the retirement and mortality rate assumptions are reviewed every three-to-five years as part of an actuarial study that compares these assumptions to the actual experience of the pension and other postretirement plans. the 2014
actuarial study reviewed plan experience from 2010 through 2013. as a result of the 2014 actuarial study and the issuance of new mortality tables in october 2014 by the society of actuaries, changes were made to reflect modified demographic pattern expectations as well as longer life expectancies. these changes are reflected in the december
31, 2014 financial disclosures. adoption of the new mortality assumptions for 2015 resulted in an increase at december 31, 2014 of $106.9 million in the qualified pension benefit obligation and $16 million in the accumulated postretirement obligation. the new mortality assumptions increased anticipated 2015 qualified pension cost by approximately $15.4 million and other postretirement cost by approximately $2.2 million. pension funding guidelines, as established by the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended and the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, are not expected to incorporate the october 2014 society of actuaries new mortality assumptions until after 2015, possibly 2016.
federal healthcare legislation see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
314
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors and shareholders of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries little rock, arkansas we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of cash flows, and consolidated statements of changes in common equity (pages 316 through 320 and applicable items in page 61 through 234) for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014. these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. an audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. an audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
in our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
315
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc.
and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2014             2013             2012
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $2,172,391       $2,190,159       $2,127,004
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                  327,695          426,316          480,464
purchased for resale purchased power                                                    528,815          473,326          431,932
nuclear refueling                                                   43,258           40,499           47,103
outage expenses other operation and                                                647,461          592,892          545,782
maintenance decommissioning                                                     46,972           43,058           40,484
taxes other than                                                    91,470           89,471           89,527
income taxes depreciation and                                                   236,770          230,512          222,734
amortization other regulatory                                                   (20,054  )       (10,975  )       (38,406  )
credits - net total                                                            1,902,387        1,885,099        1,819,620
operating income                                                   270,004          305,060          307,384
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                    7,238           10,913            9,070
construction interest and                                                        23,075           30,148           15,169
investment income miscellaneous - net                                                 (5,144  )        (4,275  )        (4,049  )
total                                                               25,169           36,786           20,190
interest expense interest expense                                                    93,921           91,318           82,860
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                   (3,769  )        (3,207  )        (2,457  )
construction total                                                               90,152           88,111           80,403
income before income                                               205,021          253,735          247,171
taxes income taxes                                                        83,629           91,787           94,806
net income                                                         121,392          161,948          152,365
preferred dividend                                                   6,873            6,873            6,873
requirements earnings applicable to                                            $114,519         $155,075         $145,492
common stock see notes to financial statements.
316
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc.
and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                            $121,392       $161,948       $152,365
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning,                                                       387,945        357,639        357,913
including nuclear fuel amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                           130,132        130,707        (67,482  )
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                             25,661        (26,320  )     (30,786  )
fuel inventory                                                          (9,394  )       7,471            (68  )
accounts payable                                                      (120,097  )     141,041       (179,009  )
prepaid taxes and taxes                                                 14,261       (204,990  )     178,688
accrued interest accrued                                                        (1,786  )      (6,382  )      (1,463  )
deferred fuel costs                                                   (140,483  )      28,609        112,471
other working capital                                                   72,411        (34,909  )      55,735
accounts provisions for                                                             (57  )         (76  )         182
estimated losses other regulatory assets                                               (367,234  )     214,131        (88,119  )
pension and other postretirement                                                         252,639       (295,435  )      75,725
liabilities other assets and                                                        38,436        (72,184  )     (57,035  )
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           403,826        401,250        509,117
activities investing activities construction                                                          (535,464  )    (489,079  )    (361,858  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                       10,789         14,550         12,441
construction nuclear fuel purchases                                                (195,092  )     (88,637  )    (215,968  )
proceeds from sale of                                                   75,860         36,478         96,700
nuclear fuel proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                                        181,489        266,391        144,275
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                       (190,062  )    (274,519  )    (154,608  )
trust funds payment for purchase of                                                      -              -       (253,043  )
plant change in money pool                                                    15,313         (9,496  )       9,327
receivable - net changes in                                                                (261  )         568           (514  )
securitization account litigation proceeds for reimbursement of                                                             -         10,271              -
spent nuclear fuel storage costs counterparty collateral                                                      -          9,000              -
deposit insurance proceeds                                                      36,600              -              -
other                                                                      200              -              -
net cash flow used in investing                                                             (600,628  )    (524,473  )    (723,248  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                  707,465        716,595        252,347
debt retirement of long-term                                               (447,815  )    (442,302  )     (12,230  )
debt changes in short-term                                                   47,968        (36,735  )       2,821
borrowings - net dividends paid:
common stock                                                           (10,000  )     (15,000  )     (10,000  )
preferred stock                                                         (6,873  )      (6,873  )      (6,873  )
other                                                                   (2,460  )          27              -
net cash flow provided by financing                                                           288,285        215,712        226,065
activities net increase in cash and cash                                                                91,483         92,489         11,934
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                         127,022         34,533         22,599
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                 $218,505       $127,022        $34,533
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                      $90,285        $92,353        $79,271
amount capitalized income taxes                                                          ($48,948  )    $184,592       ($20,480  )
see notes to financial statements.
317
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2014             2013
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                                $10,526           $4,181
temporary cash investments                                                          207,979          122,841
total cash and cash equivalents                                                     218,505          127,022
securitization recovery trust                                                         4,096            3,835
account accounts receivable:
customer                                                                             97,314          102,328
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                     (32,247  )       (30,113  )
associated companies                                                                 32,187           68,875
other                                                                               110,269           94,256
accrued unbilled revenues                                                            80,704           82,298
total accounts receivable                                                           288,227          317,644
accumulated deferred income taxes                                                    21,533           33,556
deferred fuel costs                                                                 143,279           68,696
fuel inventory - at average cost                                                     50,898           41,504
materials and supplies - at average                                                 162,792          152,429
cost deferred nuclear refueling outage                                                    29,690           31,135
costs system agreement cost equalization                                                        -           30,000
prepayments and other                                                                 9,588           58,911
total                                                                               928,608          864,732
other property and investments decommissioning trust funds                                                         769,883          710,913
other                                                                                14,170           30,845
total                                                                               784,053          741,758
utility plant electric                                                                          9,139,181        8,798,458
property under capital lease                                                            961            1,064
construction work in progress                                                       284,322          209,036
nuclear fuel                                                                        293,695          321,901
total utility plant                                                               9,718,159        9,330,459
less - accumulated depreciation and                                               4,191,959        4,034,880
amortization utility plant - net                                                               5,526,200        5,295,579
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes -                                                  64,214           73,864
net other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $67,877
as of                                                                             1,391,276        1,014,392
december 31, 2014 and $80,963 as of december 31, 2013)
deferred fuel costs                                                                  65,900                -
other                                                                                47,674           44,565
total                                                                             1,569,064        1,132,821
total assets                                                                     $8,807,925       $8,034,890
see notes to financial statements.
318
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2014          2013
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt                                                              $-       $70,000
short-term borrowings                                                                      47,968             -
accounts payable:
associated companies                                                                       56,078       149,802
other                                                                                     174,998       228,160
customer deposits                                                                         115,647        86,512
taxes accrued                                                                              24,240         9,979
accumulated deferred income taxes                                                          15,009         9,231
interest accrued                                                                           20,250        22,036
other                                                                                      27,872        55,656
total                                                                                     482,062       631,376
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                                   1,997,983     1,906,562
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                                        37,708        38,958
credits other regulatory liabilities                                                              254,036       219,370
decommissioning                                                                           818,351       723,771
accumulated provisions                                                                      5,689         5,746
pension and other postretirement                                                          571,870       319,211
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $76,164 as of december 31,                                                     2,671,343     2,335,802
2014
and $88,961 as of december 31, 2013)
other                                                                                      28,296        18,026
total                                                                                   6,385,276     5,567,446
commitments and contingencies preferred stock without sinking fund                                                      116,350       116,350
common equity common stock, $0.01 par value, authorized 325,000,000 shares; issued                                                         470           470
and outstanding 46,980,196 shares in
2014 and 2013
paid-in capital                                                                           588,471       588,471
retained earnings                                                                       1,235,296     1,130,777
total                                                                                   1,824,237     1,719,718
total liabilities and equity                                                           $8,807,925    $8,034,890
see notes to financial statements.
319
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december
31, 2014, 2013, and 2012

common equity common stock    paid-in capital            retained            total earnings
-in thousands balance at december 31,                                    $470           $588,444            $855,210       $1,444,124
2011
net income                                         -                  -             152,365          152,365
common stock                                       -                  -             (10,000  )       (10,000  )
dividends preferred stock                                    -                  -              (6,873  )        (6,873  )
dividends balance at december 31,                                    $470           $588,444            $990,702       $1,579,616
2012
net income                                         -                  -             161,948          161,948
common stock                                       -                  -             (15,000  )       (15,000  )
dividends preferred stock                                    -                  -              (6,873  )        (6,873  )
dividends other                                              -                 27                   -               27
balance at december 31,                                    $470           $588,471          $1,130,777       $1,719,718
2013
net income                                         -                  -             121,392          121,392
common stock                                       -                  -             (10,000  )       (10,000  )
dividends preferred stock                                    -                  -              (6,873  )        (6,873  )
dividends balance at december 31,                                    $470           $588,471          $1,235,296       $1,824,237
2014
see notes to financial statements.
320
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc.
and subsidiaries selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-in thousands operating                                    $2,172,391    $2,190,159    $2,127,004    $2,084,310    $2,082,447
revenues net income                                     $121,392      $161,948      $152,365      $164,891      $172,618
total assets                                 $8,807,925    $8,034,890    $7,819,445    $7,212,212    $6,751,368
long-term                                    $2,787,693    $2,452,152    $1,910,245    $1,992,271    $1,946,494
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt)
and preferred stock without sinking fund.
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $755          $772          $766          $756          $773
commercial                                          461           469           472           450           441
industrial                                          424           433           439           421           415
governmental                                         18            19            20            20            20
total retail                                      1,658         1,693         1,697         1,647         1,649
sales for resale:
associated                                          131           346           320           279           302
companies non-associated                                      282            83            49            96            78
companies other                                               101            68            61            62            53
total                                            $2,172        $2,190        $2,127        $2,084        $2,082
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       8,070         7,921         7,859         8,229         8,501
commercial                                        5,934         5,929         6,046         6,051         6,144
industrial                                        6,808         6,769         6,925         7,029         7,082
governmental                                        238           241           257           275           277
total retail                                     21,050        20,860        21,087        21,584        22,004
sales for resale:
associated                                        2,299         7,918         7,926         6,893         7,853
companies non-associated                                    8,003         1,011         1,093         1,304           850
companies total                                            31,352        29,789        30,106        29,781        30,707
321
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana business combination in june 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana filed a business combination study report with the lpsc. the report contained a preliminary analysis of the potential combination of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana into a single public utility, including an overview of the combination that identified its potential customer benefits. although not part of the business combination, entergy louisiana provided notice to the city council in june 2014 that it would seek authorization to transfer to entergy new orleans the assets that currently support the provision of service to entergy louisiana's customers in algiers. entergy louisiana subsequently filed the referenced application with the city council in october 2014. in the summer of 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana held technical conferences and face-to-face meetings with lpsc staff and other stakeholders to discuss potential effects of the combination, solicit suggestions and concerns, and identify areas in which additional information might be needed.
on september 30, 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana filed an application with the lpsc seeking authorization to undertake the transactions that would result in the combination of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana into a single public utility.
the combination is subject to regulatory review and approval of the lpsc, the ferc, and the nrc. in june 2014, entergy submitted an application to the nrc for approval of river bend and waterford 3 license transfers as part of the steps to complete the business combination. the combination also could be subject to regulatory review of the city council if entergy louisiana continues to own the assets that currently support entergy louisiana's customers in algiers at the time the combination is effectuated. in november 2014, entergy louisiana filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to undertake the combination. the application provides that if the city council approves the algiers asset transfer before the business combination occurs, the city council may not need to issue a public interest finding regarding the combination. in december 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana filed applications with the ferc requesting authorization for the business combination and the algiers asset transfer. in january 2015, entergy services filed an application with the ferc for financing authority for the combined company. if approvals are obtained from the lpsc, the ferc, the nrc, and, if required, the city council, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana expect the combination will be effected in the second half of 2015.
the procedural schedule in the lpsc business combination proceeding calls for lpsc staff and intervenor testimony to be filed in march 2015, with a hearing scheduled for june 2015. entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana have requested that the lpsc issue its decision regarding the business combination in august 2015. in the city council business combination proceeding, the city council announced through a resolution that it would not initiate an active review of the business combination filing, but instead would establish a business combination docket for the limited purpose of receiving information filings relative to the business combination proceedings at the lpsc.
it is currently contemplated that entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana will undertake multiple steps to effectuate the combination, which steps would include the following:
each of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana will redeem or repurchase all of their
  respective outstanding preferred membership interests (which interests have a $100 million liquidation value in the case of entergy louisiana and $10 million liquidation value in the case of entergy gulf states louisiana).
  entergy gulf states louisiana will convert from a louisiana limited liability company to a texas limited liability company.
322
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy louisiana will allocate substantially all of
  its assets to a new subsidiary (new entergy louisiana) and new entergy louisiana will assume all of the liabilities of entergy louisiana, in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc. entergy louisiana will remain in existence and hold the membership interests in new entergy louisiana.
under the txboc, entergy gulf states louisiana will allocate substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary (new entergy gulf states louisiana) and new entergy gulf states louisiana will assume all of the
  liabilities of entergy gulf states louisiana, in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc. entergy gulf states louisiana will remain in existence and hold the membership interests in new entergy gulf states louisiana.
entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana will contribute the membership interests in new entergy
  louisiana and new entergy gulf states louisiana to an affiliate the common membership interests of which will be owned by entergy louisiana, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy corporation.
  new entergy gulf states louisiana will merge into new entergy louisiana with new entergy louisiana surviving the merger.
upon the completion of the steps, new entergy louisiana will hold substantially all of the assets, and will have assumed all of the liabilities, of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana. entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana may modify or supplement the steps to be taken to effect the combination.
results of operations net income
2014 compared to 2013
net income increased slightly, by $0.8 million, primarily due to higher net revenue and lower other operation and maintenance expenses, substantially offset by a higher effective income tax rate, lower other income, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher interest expense, and higher taxes other than income taxes.
2013 compared to 2012
net income increased $2.7 million primarily due to higher net revenue and higher other income, substantially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher taxes other than income taxes, and a higher effective income tax rate partially due to the settlement of the tax treatment related to hurricane katrina and hurricane rita louisiana act 55 financing in june 2012. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the tax treatment.
323
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis net revenue
2014 compared to 2013
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2014 to 2013.
amount
-in millions
2013 net revenue                     $913.4
volume/weather                         19.2
asset retirement obligation            14.3
miso deferral                           8.4
transmission equalization               3.5
retail electric price                   3.3
other                                   1.5
2014 net revenue                     $963.6
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 1,160 gwh, or 6%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather on residential sales and higher industrial usage primarily in the chemicals industry.
the asset retirement obligation affects net revenue because entergy gulf states louisiana records a regulatory debit or credit for the difference between asset retirement obligation-related expenses and trust earnings plus asset retirement obligation-related costs collected in revenue. the variance is primarily caused by an increase in regulatory credits because of a decrease in decommissioning trust earnings and an increase in regulatory credits to realign the asset retirement obligation regulatory asset with regulatory treatment.
the miso deferral variance is due to the deferral in 2014 of the non-fuel miso-related charges, as approved by the lpsc. the deferral of non-fuel miso-related charges is partially offset in other operation and maintenance expenses. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the recovery of non-fuel miso-related charges.
the transmission equalization variance is primarily due to changes in transmission investment equalization billings under the entergy system agreement compared to the same period in 2013 primarily as a result of entergy arkansas's exit from the system agreement in december 2013.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in purchased power capacity costs that are recovered through base rates set in the annual formula rate plan mechanism. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy gulf states louisiana's formula rate plan.
324
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis
2013 compared to 2012
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2013 to 2012.
amount
-in millions
2012 net revenue                                       $865.9
louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation            27.8
net wholesale revenue                                     8.3
volume/weather                                            7.5
other                                                     3.9
2013 net revenue                                       $913.4
the louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation variance results from a regulatory charge recorded in the second quarter 2012 because entergy gulf states louisiana was required to share with customers the savings from the tax treatment related to the hurricane katrina and hurricane rita louisiana act 55 financing. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the tax treatment.
the net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to higher prices.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 82 gwh, or 0.4%, in billed electricity usage as a result of the effect of more favorable weather, as compared to the prior period, primarily on residential sales.
the increase was also driven by higher industrial usage primarily in the chemicals industry.
other income statement variances
2014 compared to 2013
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
a decrease of $20.7 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to an increase in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs, other postretirement
  benefit plan design changes, fewer employees, and a settlement charge recognized in september 2013 related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.  see "critical accounting estimates"below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs;
  a decrease of $7.2 million due to costs incurred in 2013 related to the now-terminated plan to spin off and merge the utility's transmission business; and
  a decrease of $2.3 million in loss reserves.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  an increase of $6.9 million due to administration fees in 2014 related to participation in the miso rto.
the lpsc approved deferral of these expenses resulting in no net income effect;
  an increase of $3.6 million in outside regulatory, consulting, and legal fees;
  an increase of $1.7 million in customer service costs primarily due to write-offs in 2014 of uncollectible customer accounts; and
  several individually insignificant items.
325
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in local franchise taxes resulting from higher residential and commercial revenues as compared to prior year and an increase in ad valorem taxes resulting from higher assessments.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
other income decreased primarily due to higher realized gains in 2013 on the river bend decommissioning trust fund investments. there is no effect on net income as these investment gains are offset by a corresponding amount of regulatory charges.
interest expense increased primarily due to $3.6 million of carrying charges recorded in 2014 on storm restoration costs related to hurricane isaac, as approved by the lpsc, and the issuance of $110 million of 3.78% series first mortgage bonds in july 2014.
2013 compared to 2012
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
an increase of $15 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a decrease in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs and a settlement charge,
  recognized in september 2013, related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.  see "critical accounting estimates" belowand note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs;
  the deferral recorded in the second quarter 2012, as approved by the lpsc and the ferc, of costs related to the transition and implementation of joining the miso rto, which reduced expenses by $4.2 million in 2012;
an increase of $13.5 million resulting from implementation costs, severance costs, and curtailment and special termination benefits in 2013 related to the human capital management strategic imperative, partially
  offset by the deferral, as approved by the lpsc, of $9.8 million of these costs.   see the "human capital management strategic imperative" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion;
  an increase of $3.5 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses due to an overall higher scope of work done during plant outages as compared to the prior year;
  an increase of $2.9 million in loss reserves; and
  several individually insignificant items.
also, other operation and maintenance expenses include $7.2 million in 2013 and $4.7 million in 2012 of costs incurred related to the now terminated plan to spin off and merge the transmission business.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in local franchise taxes resulting from higher residential and commercial revenues as compared to prior year and an increase in ad valorem taxes resulting from higher assessments. franchise taxes have no effect on net income as these taxes are recovered through the franchise tax rider.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to increased plant in service.
other income increased primarily due to higher realized gains in 2013 on the river bend decommissioning trust fund investments. there is no effect on net income as these investment gains are offset by a corresponding amount of regulatory charges.
326
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis income taxes the effective income tax rates were 35.3%, 26%, and 24.9% for 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were as follows:
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning            $15,581        $35,686        $24,845
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              592,551        434,726        346,208
investing activities                             (391,283  )    (336,644  )    (201,440  )
financing activities                              (53,886  )    (118,187  )    (133,927  )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash          147,382        (20,105  )      10,841
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of              $162,963        $15,581        $35,686
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $157.8 million in 2014 primarily due to:
proceeds of $69 million received from the louisiana utilities restoration corporation as a result of the
  louisiana act 55 storm cost financing.  see note 2 to the financial statements and "hurricane isaac" below for a discussion of the act 55 storm cost financing;
  lower nuclear refueling outage spending at river bend.  river bend had a refueling outage in 2013 and did not have one in 2014; and
  the timing of collections from customers.
the increase was partially offset by an increase of $18.6 million in pension contributions in 2014. see "
critical accounting estimates
" below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $88.5 million in 2013 primarily due to:
a decrease of $84.1 million in income tax payments in 2013 compared to 2012. entergy gulf states louisiana had income tax payments in accordance with the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
  income tax allocation agreement. in 2013, the payments resulted primarily from the reversal of temporary differences for which entergy gulf states louisiana had previously claimed a tax deduction.  in 2012, entergy gulf states louisiana no longer had a net operating loss carryover from prior years to reduce current taxable income; and
  decreased hurricane isaac storm spending in 2013.
the increase was partially offset by higher nuclear refueling outage spending at river bend. river bend had a refueling outage in 2013 and did not have one in 2012.
327
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $54.6 million in 2014 primarily due to:
  the deposit in 2014 of $68.5 million into the storm escrow account;
the investment in 2014 of $66.2 million in affiliate securities as a result of the act 55 storm cost
  financing.  see note 2 to the financial statements and "hurricane isaac" below for a discussion of the act
55 storm cost financing;
  the withdrawal of $65.5 million from the storm reserve escrow account in 2013; and
  an increase in fossil-fueled generation expenditures as a result of an increased scope of work in 2014.
the increase was partially offset by:
fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of
  fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle;
  a decrease in nuclear construction expenditures as a result of spending on nuclear projects during the river bend refueling outage in 2013.  river bend had a refueling outage in 2013 and did not have one in 2014; and
  a decrease in transmission construction expenditures due to a decreased scope of work performed in 2014.
net cash flow used in investing activities increased $135.2 million in 2013 primarily due to:
fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of
  fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle;
$51 million in proceeds in 2012 from the sale of a portion of entergy gulf states louisiana's investment in
  entergy holdings company's class a preferred membership interests to a third party.  see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of entergy gulf states louisiana's investment in entergy holdings company's class a preferred membership interests;
  money pool activity;
  an increase in nuclear construction expenditures as a result of spending on nuclear projects during the river bend refueling outage in 2013; and
  an increase in transmission construction expenditures due to additional reliability work performed in 2013.
the increase was partially offset by:
  the withdrawal of $65.5 million from the storm reserve escrow account in 2013;
  a decrease in distribution construction expenditures due to prior year hurricane isaac spending; and
  a decrease in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures as a result of decreased scope of work in
2013.
increases in entergy gulf states louisiana's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy gulf states louisiana's receivable from the money pool increased by $1.9 million in 2013 compared to decreasing by
$23.6 million in 2012. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility operating companies' need for external short-term borrowings.
financing activities net cash flow used in financing activities decreased $64.3 million in 2014 primarily due to:
  the issuance of $110 million of 3.78% series first mortgage bonds in july 2014;
  the retirement, at maturity, of $75 million of 5.56% series n notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in may 2013; and
328
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis
  money pool activity.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  the issuance of $70 million of 3.38% series r notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in february 2013;
  an increase of $47 million in common equity distributions in 2014; and
  payments of $14.8 million on credit borrowings in 2014 compared to an increase of $14.8 million in credit borrowings in 2013 against the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility.
decreases in entergy gulf states louisiana's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy gulf states louisiana's payable to the money pool decreased by $7.1 million in 2013.
net cash flow used in financing activities decreased $15.7 million in 2013 primarily due to $14.8 million in credit borrowings in 2013 compared to payments of $29.4 million on credit borrowings in 2012 against the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  money pool activity;
  an increase of $5.7 million in common equity distributions;
the issuance of $75 million of 3.25% series q notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in
  july 2012 compared to the issuance of $70 million of 3.38% series r notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in february 2013;
the retirement, at maturity, of $75 million of 5.56% series n notes by the nuclear fuel company variable
  interest entity in may 2013 compared to the retirement, at maturity, of $60 million of 5.41% series o notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in july 2012; and
  the redemption of $10.84 million of pollution control revenue bonds in 2012.
decreases in entergy gulf states louisiana's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy gulf states louisiana's payable to the money pool decreased by $7.1 million in 2013 compared to increasing by $7.1
million in 2012.
see note 5 to the financial statements for more details on long-term debt.
capital structure entergy gulf states louisiana's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio for entergy gulf states louisiana is primarily due to an increase in long-term debt as a result of the issuance of $110 million of 3.78% series first mortgage bonds in july 2014.
december 31,2014          december 31,2013
debt to capital             53.1  %                   51.1  %
effect of subtracting cash  (2.6  %)                  (0.2  %)
net debt to net capital     50.5  %                   50.9  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy gulf states louisiana uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy gulf states louisiana's
329
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis financial condition. entergy gulf states louisiana uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy gulf states louisiana's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy gulf states louisiana's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
uses of capital entergy gulf states louisiana requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt and preferred equity maturities or retirements;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
  distribution and interest payments.
following are the amounts of entergy gulf states louisiana's planned construction and other capital investments.
2015    2016    2017
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $570    $145    $210
transmission                                 195     150     160
distribution                                  95     100     125
other                                         40      30      30
total                                       $900    $425    $525
following are the amounts of entergy gulf states louisiana's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2015    2016-2017    2018-2019    after 2019     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $115         $244         $509        $1,582    $2,450
operating leases                     $13          $21          $20           $26       $80
purchase obligations (b)            $308         $490         $398          $275    $1,471
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy gulf states louisiana, it primarily includes unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy gulf states louisiana expects to contribute approximately $32.5 million to its pension plans and approximately $8.9 million to other postretirement plans in
2015, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015
valuations are completed by april 1, 2015. see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also, in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy gulf states louisiana has $427.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
330
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy gulf states louisiana includes specific investments, such as the union power station acquisition discussed below;
nrc post-fukushima requirements; environmental compliance spending; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; resource planning; generation projects; system improvements; and other investments. entergy's utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. the estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital.
management provides more information on long-term debt maturities in note 5 to the financial statements.
as an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy corporation, entergy gulf states louisiana pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. entergy gulf states louisiana's long-term debt indenture contains restrictions on the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred membership interests.
union power station purchase agreement in december 2014, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, and entergy texas entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire the union power station, a 1,980 mw (summer rating) power generation facility located near el dorado, arkansas, from union power partners, l.p. the union power station consists of four natural gas-fired, combined-cycle gas turbine power blocks, each rated at 495 mw (summer rating). pursuant to the agreement, entergy gulf states louisiana will acquire two of the power blocks and a 50% undivided ownership interest in certain assets related to the facility, and entergy arkansas and entergy texas will each acquire one power block and a 25%
undivided ownership interest in such related assets. (if entergy arkansas or entergy texas do not obtain approval for the purchase of their power blocks, entergy gulf states louisiana will seek to purchase the power blocks not approved.) the base purchase price is expected to be approximately $948 million (approximately $237 million for each power block) subject to adjustments. in addition, entergy gulf states louisiana anticipates selling 20% of the capacity and energy associated with its two power blocks to entergy new orleans through a cost-based, life-of-unit power purchase agreement. the purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals, including cost recovery, from various federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies. these include regulatory approvals from the apsc, lpsc, puct, and ferc, as well as clearance under the hart-scott-rodino anti-
trust law. in december 2014, entergy texas filed its application with the puct for approval of the acquisition. the puct has indicated that it will convene the hearing on the merits of this case in june 2015. entergy texas intends to file a rate application to seek cost recovery later in 2015. in january 2015, entergy gulf states louisiana filed its application with the lpsc and entergy arkansas filed its application with the apsc, each for approval of the acquisition and cost recovery. closing is targeted to occur in late-2015.
new nuclear development entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana have been developing and are preserving a project option for new nuclear generation at river bend. in the first quarter 2010, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana each paid for and recognized on its books $24.9 million in costs associated with the development of new nuclear generation at the river bend site; these costs previously had been recorded on the books of entergy new nuclear utility development, llc, a system energy subsidiary. entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana will share costs going forward on a 50/50 basis, which reflects each company's current participation level in the project.
in march 2010, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc seeking approval to continue the limited development activities necessary to preserve an option to construct a new unit at river bend.
331
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis at its june 2012 meeting the lpsc voted to uphold an alj recommendation that the request of entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana be declined on the basis that the lpsc's rule on new nuclear development does not apply to activities to preserve an option to develop and on the further grounds that the companies improperly engaged in advanced preparation activities prior to certification. the lpsc directed that entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana be permitted to seek recovery of these costs in their upcoming rate case filings that were subsequently filed in february 2013. in the resolution of the rate case proceeding, the lpsc provided for an eight-year amortization of costs incurred in connection with the potential development of a new nuclear generation at river bend, without carrying costs, beginning in december 2014, provided, however, that amortization of these costs shall not result in a future rate increase. as of december 31, 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana each have a regulatory asset of $29.2 million on its balance sheet related to these new nuclear generation development costs.
sources of capital entergy gulf states louisiana's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt or preferred membership interest issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy gulf states louisiana may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt and preferred equity/membership interests prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred equity/membership interest issuances by entergy gulf states louisiana require prior regulatory approval. preferred equity/membership interest and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements. entergy gulf states louisiana has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy gulf states louisiana's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31
for each of the following years.
2014                     2013       2012       2011
-in thousands
$1,166                 $1,925    -$7,074    $23,596
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy gulf states louisiana has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in march
2019. the credit facility allows entergy gulf states louisiana to issue letters of credit against 50% of the borrowing capacity of the facility. no borrowings were outstanding under the credit facility as of december 31,
2014. in addition, entergy gulf states louisiana entered into an uncommitted letter of credit facility in 2014 as a means to post collateral to support its obligations under miso. as of december 31, 2014, a $27.9 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy gulf states louisiana's letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
entergy gulf states louisiana obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2015 for the following:
  short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding;
  long-term borrowings and security issuances; and
  long-term borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.
332
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy gulf states louisiana's short-term borrowing limits.
the entergy gulf states louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $100 million scheduled to expire in june 2016. no borrowings were outstanding under the credit facility as of december 31, 2014. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the variable interest entity credit facility.
in july 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana issued $110 million of 3.78% series first mortgage bonds due april
2025. entergy gulf states louisiana used the proceeds to re-establish and replenish its storm damage escrow reserves and for general corporate purposes.
hurricane isaac in august 2012, hurricane isaac caused extensive damage to entergy gulf states louisiana's service area. the storm resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage primarily to distribution infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the power outages. in january 2013, entergy gulf states louisiana drew $65 million from its funded storm reserve escrow accounts. in april 2013, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana filed a joint application with the lpsc relating to hurricane isaac system restoration costs. in may 2013, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, and the louisiana utilities restoration corporation (lurc), an instrumentality of the state of louisiana, filed with the lpsc an application requesting that the lpsc grant financing orders authorizing the financing of entergy gulf states louisiana's and entergy louisiana's storm costs, storm reserves, and issuance costs pursuant to act 55 of the louisiana regular session of 2007 (louisiana act 55). the lpsc staff filed direct testimony in september 2013 concluding that hurricane isaac system restoration costs incurred by entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana were reasonable and prudent, subject to proposed minor adjustments which totaled approximately 1% of each company's costs. following an evidentiary hearing and recommendations by the alj, the lpsc voted in june 2014 to approve a series of orders which (i) quantify the amount of hurricane isaac system restoration costs prudently incurred ($66.5 million for entergy gulf states louisiana and $224.3 million for entergy louisiana); (ii) determine the level of storm reserves to be re-established ($90 million for entergy gulf states louisiana and $200 million for entergy louisiana); (iii) authorize entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana to utilize louisiana act 55 financing for hurricane isaac system restoration costs; and (iv) grant other requested relief associated with storm reserves and act 55 financing of hurricane isaac system restoration costs.
entergy gulf states louisiana committed to pass on to customers a minimum of $6.9 million of customer benefits through annual customer credits of approximately $1.4 million for five years. approvals for the act 55 financings were obtained from the louisiana utilities restoration corporation (lurc) and the louisiana state bond commission.
in july 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana issued $110 million of 3.78% series first mortgage bonds due april 2025
and used the proceeds to re-establish and replenish its storm damage escrow reserves and for general corporate purposes. in august 2014 the louisiana local government environmental facilities and community development authority (lcda) issued $71 million in bonds under act 55 of the louisiana legislature. from the $69 million of bond proceeds loaned by the lcda to the lurc, the lurc deposited $3 million in a restricted escrow account as a storm damage reserve for entergy gulf states louisiana and transferred $66 million directly to entergy gulf states louisiana. entergy gulf states louisiana used the $66 million received from the lurc to acquire 662,426.80 class c preferred, non-voting, membership interest units of entergy holdings company llc, a company wholly-owned and consolidated by entergy, that carry a 7.5% annual distribution rate. distributions are payable quarterly commencing on september 15, 2014, and the membership interests have a liquidation price of $100 per unit. the preferred membership interests are callable at the option of entergy holdings company llc after ten years under the terms of the llc agreement. the terms of the membership interests include certain financial covenants to which entergy holdings company llc is subject, including the requirement to maintain a net worth of at least $1.75 billion.
entergy gulf states louisiana does not report the bonds on its balance sheet because the bonds are the obligation of the lcda and there is no recourse against entergy gulf states louisiana in the event of a bond default. to service
333
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis the bonds, entergy gulf states louisiana collects a system restoration charge on behalf of the lurc, and remits the collections to the bond indenture trustee. entergy gulf states louisiana does not report the collections as revenue because it is merely acting as the billing and collection agent for the state.
entergy louisiana's ninemile point unit 6 self-build project in june 2011, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc an application seeking certification that the public necessity and convenience would be served by entergy louisiana's construction of a combined-cycle gas turbine generating facility (ninemile 6) at its existing ninemile point electric generating station. ninemile 6 is a nominally-sized
560 mw unit that is expected to cost approximately $655 million to construct when spending is complete, excluding interconnection and transmission upgrades. entergy gulf states louisiana joined in the application, seeking certification of its purchase under a life-of-unit power purchase agreement of up to 25% of the capacity and energy generated by ninemile 6. the ninemile 6 capacity and energy is allocated 55% to entergy louisiana, 25% to entergy gulf states louisiana, and 20% to entergy new orleans. in february 2012 the city council passed a resolution authorizing entergy new orleans to purchase 20% of the ninemile 6 energy and capacity. in march 2012 the lpsc unanimously voted to grant the certifications requested by entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana.
following approval by the lpsc, entergy louisiana issued full notice to proceed to the project's engineering, procurement, and construction contractor.
under the terms approved by the lpsc, non-fuel costs may be recovered through entergy gulf states louisiana's formula rate plan beginning in the month after the unit is placed in service. in july 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana filed an unopposed stipulation with the lpsc that estimates a first year revenue requirement associated with ninemile 6 and provides a mechanism to update the revenue requirement as the in-service date approaches, which was subsequently approved by the lpsc. in late december 2014, roughly contemporaneous with the unit's placement in service, a final updated estimated revenue requirement of $26.8 million for entergy gulf states louisiana was filed. the december 2014 estimate forms the basis of rates implemented effective with the first billing cycle of january 2015.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy gulf states louisiana charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy gulf states louisiana is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the lpsc is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
retail rates - electric in november 2011 the lpsc approved a one-year extension of entergy gulf states louisiana's formula rate plan. in may 2012, entergy gulf states louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the lpsc for the 2011 test year. the filing reflected an 11.94% earned return on common equity, which was above the earnings bandwidth and indicated a
$6.5 million cost of service rate decrease was necessary under the formula rate plan. the filing also reflected a
$22.9 million rate decrease for the incremental capacity rider. subsequently, in august 2012, entergy gulf states louisiana submitted a revised filing that reflected an earned return on common equity of 11.86% , which indicated a
$5.7 million cost of service rate decrease was necessary under the formula rate plan. the revised filing also indicated that a reduction of $20.3 million should be reflected in the incremental capacity rider. the rate reductions were implemented, subject to refund, effective for bills rendered in the first billing cycle of september 2012. subsequently, in december 2012, entergy gulf states louisiana submitted a revised evaluation report that reflected expected retail jurisdictional cost of $17 million for the first-year capacity charges for the purchase from entergy louisiana of one-third of acadia unit 2 capacity and energy. this rate change was implemented effective with the first billing cycle of january 2013. the 2011 test year filings, as revised, were approved by the lpsc in february 2013. in april 2013, entergy gulf states louisiana submitted a revised evaluation report increasing the incremental capacity rider by approximately $7.3 million to reflect the cost of an additional capacity contract.
334
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis in connection with its decision to extend the formula rate plan to the 2011 test year, the lpsc required that a base rate case be filed by entergy gulf states louisiana, and the required filing was made in february 2013. the filing anticipated entergy gulf states louisiana's integration into miso. in the filing entergy gulf states louisiana requested, among other relief:
  authorization to increase the revenue it collects from customers by approximately$24 million;
  an authorized return on common equity of10.4%;
  authorization to increase depreciation rates embedded in the proposed revenue requirement; and, authorization to implement a three-year formula rate plan with a midpoint return on common equity of10.4%, plus or minus75basis points (the deadband), that would provide a means for the annual re-setting of rates
(commencing with calendar year 2013 as its first test year), that would include a mechanism to recover
  incremental transmission revenue requirement on the basis of a forward-looking test year as compared to the initial base year of 2014 with an annual true-up, that would retain the primary aspects of the prior formula rate plan, including a60%to customers/40%to entergy gulf states louisiana sharing mechanism for earnings outside the deadband, and a capacity rider mechanism that would permit recovery of incremental capacity additions approved by the lpsc.
following a hearing before an alj and the alj's issuance of a report of proceedings, in december 2013 the lpsc approved an unopposed settlement of the proceeding. major terms of the settlement include approval of a three -year formula rate plan (effective for test years 2014-2016) modeled after the formula rate plan in effect for entergy gulf states louisiana for 2011, including the following: (1) a midpoint return on equity of 9.95% plus or minus 80
basis points, with 60 / 40 sharing of earnings outside of the bandwidth; (2) recovery outside of the sharing mechanism for the non-fuel miso-related costs, additional capacity revenue requirement, extraordinary items, such as the ninemile 6 project, and certain special recovery items; (3) three -year amortization of costs to achieve savings associated with the human capital management strategic imperative, with savings to be reflected as they are realized in subsequent years; (4) eight -year amortization of costs incurred in connection with potential development of a new nuclear unit at river bend, without carrying costs, beginning december 2014, provided, however, that amortization of these costs shall not result in a future rate increase; (5) no change in rates related to test year 2013, except with respect to recovery of the non-fuel miso-related costs and any changes to the additional capacity revenue requirement; and (6) no increase in rates related to test year 2014, except for those items eligible for recovery outside of the earnings sharing mechanism. existing depreciation rates will not change. implementation of rate changes for items recoverable outside of the earnings sharing mechanism occurred in december 2014.
pursuant to the rate case settlement approved by the lpsc in december 2013, entergy gulf states louisiana submitted a compliance filing in may 2014 reflecting the effects of the estimated miso cost recovery mechanism revenue requirement and adjustment of the additional capacity mechanism. in november 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana submitted an additional compliance filing updating the estimated miso cost recovery mechanism for the most recent actual data. based on this updated filing, a net increase of $5.8 million in formula rate plan revenue to be collected over nine months was implemented in december 2014. the compliance filings are subject to the review in accordance with the review process set forth in entergy gulf states louisiana's formula rate plan.
retail rates - gas in january 2012, entergy gulf states louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2011. the filing showed an earned return on common equity of 10.48%, which is within the earnings bandwidth of 10.5%, plus or minus fifty basis points. in april 2012 the lpsc staff filed its findings, suggesting adjustments that produced an 11.54% earned return on common equity for the test year and a $0.1 million rate reduction. entergy gulf states louisiana accepted the lpsc staff's recommendations, and the rate reduction was effective with the first billing cycle of may 2012.
in january 2013, entergy gulf states louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2012. the filing showed an earned return on common equity of 11.18%, which results in
335
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis a $43 thousand rate reduction. in march 2013 the lpsc staff issued its proposed findings and recommended two adjustments. entergy gulf states louisiana and the lpsc staff reached agreement regarding the lpsc staff's proposed adjustments. as reflected in an unopposed joint report of proceedings filed by entergy gulf states louisiana and the lpsc staff in may 2013, entergy gulf states louisiana accepted, with modification, the lpsc staff's proposed adjustment to property insurance expense and agreed to: (1) a three-year extension of the gas rate stabilization plan with a midpoint return on equity of 9.95%, with a first year midpoint reset; (2) dismissal of a docket initiated by the lpsc to evaluate the allowed return on equity for entergy gulf states louisiana's gas rate stabilization plan; and (3) presentation to the lpsc by november 2014 by entergy gulf states louisiana and the lpsc staff of their recommendation for implementation of an infrastructure rider to recover expenditures associated with strategic plant investment. the lpsc approved the agreement in may 2013.
in january 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2013. the filing showed an earned return on common equity of 5.47% which results in a $1.5
million rate increase. in april 2014 the lpsc staff issued a report indicating "that entergy gulf states louisiana has properly determined its earnings for the test year ended september 30, 2013." the $1.5 million rate increase was implemented effective with the first billing cycle of april 2014.
in accordance with the settlement of entergy gulf states louisiana's gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2012, in august 2014 entergy gulf states louisiana submitted for consideration a proposal for implementation of an infrastructure rider to recover expenditures associated with strategic plant investment and relocation projects mandated by local governments. after review by the lpsc staff and inclusion of certain customer safeguards required by the lpsc staff, in december 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana and the lpsc staff submitted a joint settlement for implementation of an accelerated gas pipe replacement program providing for the replacement of approximately 100 miles of pipe over the next ten years, as well as relocation of certain existing pipe resulting from local government-related infrastructure projects, and for a rider to recover the investment associated with these projects. the rider allows for recovery of approximately $65 million over ten years. the rider recovery will be adjusted on a quarterly basis to include actual investment incurred for the prior quarter and is subject to the following conditions, among others: a ten-year term; application of any earnings in excess of
10.45% as an offset to the revenue requirement of the infrastructure rider; adherence to a specified spending plan, within plus or minus 20 percent annually; annual filings comparing actual versus planned rider spending with actual spending and explanation of variances exceeding ten percent; and an annual true-up. the joint settlement was approved by the lpsc in january 2015. implementation of the infrastructure rider will commence with bills rendered on and after the first billing cycle of april 2015.
in january 2015, entergy gulf states louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2014. the filing showed an earned return on common equity of 7.20%, which results in a
$706 thousand rate increase. the rate increase, if approved, will be implemented effective with the first billing cycle of april 2015.
fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy gulf states louisiana recovers electric fuel and purchased power costs for the billing month based upon the level of such costs incurred two months prior to the billing month. entergy gulf states louisiana's purchased gas adjustments include estimates for the billing month adjusted by a surcharge or credit that arises from an annual reconciliation of fuel costs incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers, including carrying charges.
in december 2011 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate a proceeding to audit the fuel adjustment clause filings of entergy gulf states louisiana and its affiliates. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by entergy gulf states louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period 2005 through 2009.
discovery is in progress, but a procedural schedule has not been established.
336
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis in july 2014 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of entergy gulf states louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by entergy gulf states louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013. discovery has yet to commence.
industrial and commercial customers entergy gulf states louisiana's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy gulf states louisiana's industrial customer base. entergy gulf states louisiana responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles. entergy gulf states louisiana actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers. entergy gulf states louisiana does not currently expect additional significant losses to cogeneration because of the current economics of the electricity markets and entergy gulf states louisiana's marketing efforts in retaining industrial customers.
federal regulation see " entergy's integration into the miso regional transmission organization ," " system agreement ," and " u.s.
department of justice investigation " in the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of these topics.
nuclear matters entergy gulf states louisiana owns and, through an affiliate, operates the river bend nuclear power plant. entergy gulf states louisiana is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. these include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of river bend, entergy gulf states louisiana may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.
the nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the reactor coolant system. the issue is applicable to river bend and is managed in accordance with industry standard practices and guidelines that include in-service examinations, replacements, and mitigation strategies.
developments in the industry or identification of issues at the nuclear units could require unanticipated remediation efforts that cannot be quantified in advance.
after the nuclear incident in japan resulting from the march 2011 earthquake and tsunami, the nrc established a task force to conduct a review of processes and regulations relating to nuclear facilities in the united states.
the task force issued a near-term (90-day) report in july 2011 that made initial recommendations, which were subsequently refined and prioritized after input from stakeholders. the task force then issued a second report in september 2011. based upon the task force's recommendations, the nrc issued three orders effective on march 12,
2012. the three orders require u.s. nuclear operators to undertake plant modifications and perform additional analyses that will, among other things, result in increased operating and capital costs associated with operating nuclear plants. the nrc, with input from the industry, is continuing to determine the specific actions required by the orders. entergy gulf states louisiana's estimated capital expenditures for 2015 through 2017 for complying with the nrc orders are included in the planned construction and other capital investments estimates given in "
liquidity and capital resources
- uses of capital
" above.
337
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis environmental risks entergy gulf states louisiana's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy gulf states louisiana is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations.
because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy gulf states louisiana's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy's financial position or results of operations.
nuclear decommissioning costs see "
nuclear decommissioning costs
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
in the fourth quarter 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liability for river bend as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimate resulted in a
$20 million increase in the decommissioning cost liability, along with a corresponding increase in the related asset retirement cost asset that will be depreciated over the remaining useful life of the unit.
unbilled revenue as discussed in note 1 to the financial statements, entergy gulf states louisiana records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. the difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. the estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy gulf states louisiana's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11
to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the "
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
338
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in             impact on 2014         impact on 2014
actuarial assumption                assumption    qualified pension cost    qualified projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                       -0.25%                        $1,737                $26,342
rate of return on plan assets       -0.25%                        $1,117                     $-
rate of increase in compensation    0.25%                           $669                 $4,020
the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in                  impact on 2014    impact on 2014 accumulated actuarial assumption      assumption    postretirement benefit cost        postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                               $534                        $7,188
health care cost trend    0.25%                                $956                        $6,643
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy gulf states louisiana in 2014 was $18.6 million. entergy gulf states louisiana anticipates 2015 qualified pension cost to be $27.5 million. entergy gulf states louisiana contributed
$30.2 million to its pension plans in 2014 and estimates 2015 pension contributions to be approximately $32.5
million, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1,
2015 valuations are completed by april 1, 2015.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for entergy gulf states louisiana in 2014 were
$12.2 million. entergy gulf states louisiana expects 2015 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs of approximately $13.1 million. entergy gulf states louisiana contributed $8.3 million to its other postretirement plans in 2014 and expects to contribute approximately $8.9 million in 2015.
the retirement and mortality rate assumptions are reviewed every three-to-five years as part of an actuarial study that compares these assumptions to the actual experience of the pension and other postretirement plans. the 2014
actuarial study reviewed plan experience from 2010 through 2013. as a result of the 2014 actuarial study and the issuance of new mortality tables in october 2014 by the society of actuaries, changes were made to reflect modified demographic pattern expectations as well as longer life expectancies. these changes are reflected in the december
31, 2014 financial disclosures. adoption of the new mortality assumptions for 2015 resulted in an increase at december 31, 2014 of $51.3 million in the qualified pension benefit obligation and $11.8 million in the accumulated postretirement obligation. the new mortality assumptions increased anticipated 2015 qualified pension cost by approximately $7.6 million and other postretirement cost by approximately $1.6 million. pension funding guidelines, as established by the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended and the internal revenue code of
1986, as amended, are not expected to incorporate the october 2014 society of actuaries new mortality assumptions until after 2015, possibly 2016.
339
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis federal healthcare legislation see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis.
340
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
management's financial discussion and analysis
(page left blank intentionally)
341
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors and members of entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
jefferson, louisiana we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c. (the "company") as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related income statements, statements of comprehensive income, statements of cash flows, and statements of changes in equity (pages 343 through 348 and applicable items in pages 61 through
234) for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014. these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. an audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. an audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
in our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
342
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
income statements for the years ended december 31,
2014             2013             2012
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $2,079,236       $1,881,895       $1,606,165
natural gas                                                         71,690           59,238           48,729
total                                                            2,150,926        1,941,133        1,654,894
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                  350,765          286,625          194,878
purchased for resale purchased power                                                    849,165          731,611          562,247
nuclear refueling                                                   21,443           20,345           17,565
outage expenses other operation and                                                392,398          398,589          361,415
maintenance decommissioning                                                     16,844           15,908           15,024
taxes other than                                                    84,178           80,307           76,295
income taxes depreciation and                                                   155,383          150,929          146,673
amortization other regulatory charges (credits) -                                                (12,640  )         9,482           31,835
net total                                                            1,857,536        1,693,796        1,405,932
operating income                                                   293,390          247,337          248,962
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                    7,433            8,062            8,694
construction interest and                                                        40,448           52,953           42,773
investment income miscellaneous - net                                                 (7,608  )       (11,567  )        (8,928  )
total                                                               40,273           49,448           42,539
interest expense interest expense                                                    86,705           81,118           83,251
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                   (4,315  )        (2,814  )        (3,343  )
construction total                                                               82,390           78,304           79,908
income before income                                               251,273          218,481          211,593
taxes income taxes                                                        88,782           56,819           52,616
net income                                                         162,491          161,662          158,977
preferred distribution requirements and                                                       827              825              825
other earnings applicable to                                            $161,664         $160,837         $158,152
common equity see notes to financial statements.
343
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
statements of comprehensive income for the years ended december 31,
2014           2013        2012
-in thousands net income                                                                  $162,491       $161,662    $158,977
other comprehensive income pension and other postretirement liabilities
(net of tax expense
(benefit) of                                                                 (25,145  )      37,027       4,381
($15,777), $34,126, and
$8,732)
other comprehensive income                                                   (25,145  )      37,027       4,381
comprehensive income                                                        $137,346       $198,689    $163,358
see notes to financial statements.
344
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                            $162,491       $161,662       $158,977
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning,                                                       230,795        223,420        214,929
including nuclear fuel amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                            99,404         86,125         92,523
non-current taxes accrued changes in working capital:
receivables                                                             31,710        (61,561  )      87,089
fuel inventory                                                          10,348            412         (3,718  )
accounts payable                                                         3,646         24,694         (1,725  )
prepaid taxes and taxes                                                 (2,050  )     (43,029  )     (86,346  )
accrued interest accrued                                                         1,267            371           (647  )
deferred fuel costs                                                     20,205        (10,573  )     (96,230  )
other working capital                                                   22,323         (5,434  )      (5,548  )
accounts changes in provisions for estimated                                                           69,839        (60,084  )      (2,222  )
losses changes in other                                                      (101,173  )     123,254        (73,082  )
regulatory assets changes in pension and other                                                                  126,889       (140,643  )      83,440
postretirement liabilities other                                                                  (83,143  )     136,112        (21,232  )
net cash flow provided by operating                                                           592,551        434,726        346,208
activities investing activities construction                                                          (272,738  )    (267,122  )    (284,458  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                        7,433          8,062          8,694
construction nuclear fuel purchases                                                 (40,319  )    (141,176  )     (51,610  )
proceeds from sale of                                                   66,220         19,401         67,632
nuclear fuel investment in                                                          (66,243  )           -              -
affiliates payment to storm                                                       (68,523  )         (29  )         (99  )
reserve escrow account receipts from storm reserve escrow                                                               -         65,475          3,364
account proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                                        173,530        193,792        131,042
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                       (191,402  )    (213,122  )    (150,601  )
trust funds change in money pool                                                       759         (1,925  )      23,596
receivable - net proceeds from the sale                                                       -              -         51,000
of investment net cash flow used in investing                                                             (391,283  )    (336,644  )    (201,440  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                  108,730         69,770         74,251
debt retirement of long-term                                                      -        (75,000  )     (70,840  )
debt change in money pool                                                         -         (7,074  )       7,074
payable - net changes in credit                                                      (14,800  )      14,800        (29,400  )
borrowings - net dividends/distributions paid:
common equity                                                         (166,901  )    (119,900  )    (114,200  )
preferred membership                                                      (825  )        (825  )        (825  )
interests other                                                                   19,910             42             13
net cash flow used in financing                                                              (53,886  )    (118,187  )    (133,927  )
activities net increase (decrease)
in cash and cash                                                       147,382        (20,105  )      10,841
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                          15,581         35,686         24,845
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                 $162,963        $15,581        $35,686
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                      $82,531        $77,882        $80,848
amount capitalized income taxes                                                           ($1,009  )      $5,064        $89,191
see notes to financial statements.
345
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
balance sheets assets december 31,
2014             2013
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                                $53,394           $1,739
temporary cash investments                                                          109,569           13,842
total cash and cash equivalents                                                     162,963           15,581
accounts receivable:
customer                                                                             67,006           69,648
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                        (625  )          (909  )
associated companies                                                                 86,966          107,723
other                                                                                18,379           22,945
accrued unbilled revenues                                                            54,079           58,867
total accounts receivable                                                           225,805          258,274
deferred fuel costs                                                                       -            9,625
fuel inventory - at average cost                                                     16,207           26,555
materials and supplies - at average                                                 121,237          122,909
cost deferred nuclear refueling outage                                                     7,416           25,975
costs prepayments and other                                                                45,122           36,698
total                                                                               578,750          495,617
other property and investments investment in affiliate preferred                                                   355,906          289,664
membership interests decommissioning trust funds                                                         637,744          573,744
non-utility property - at cost (less                                                193,407          174,134
accumulated depreciation)
storm reserve escrow account                                                         90,061           21,538
other                                                                                14,887           14,145
total                                                                             1,292,005        1,073,225
utility plant electric                                                                          7,600,730        7,400,689
natural gas                                                                         148,586          143,902
construction work in progress                                                       127,436          105,314
nuclear fuel                                                                        131,901          196,508
total utility plant                                                               8,008,653        7,846,413
less - accumulated depreciation and                                               4,176,242        4,071,762
amortization utility plant - net                                                               3,832,411        3,774,651
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes -                                                 161,714          165,456
net other regulatory assets                                                             426,381          321,466
deferred fuel costs                                                                 100,124          100,124
other                                                                                12,438           12,049
total                                                                               700,657          599,095
total assets                                                                     $6,403,823       $5,942,588
see notes to financial statements.
346
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2014             2013
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt                                                   $31,955               $-
accounts payable:
associated companies                                                                102,933           95,853
other                                                                               108,874          103,314
customer deposits                                                                    56,749           51,839
accumulated deferred income taxes                                                    21,095           36,330
interest accrued                                                                     27,075           25,808
deferred fuel costs                                                                  10,580                -
other                                                                                44,517           43,097
total                                                                               403,778          356,241
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                                                               1,601,032        1,512,547
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                                  72,277           75,295
credits other regulatory liabilities                                                        176,305          159,429
decommissioning and asset retirement                                                446,619          403,084
cost liabilities accumulated provisions                                                              106,985           37,146
pension and other postretirement                                                    401,144          274,315
liabilities long-term debt                                                                    1,590,862        1,527,465
long-term payables - associated                                                      26,156           27,900
companies other                                                                               148,102          108,189
total                                                                             4,569,482        4,125,370
commitments and contingencies equity preferred membership interests without                                                                              10,000           10,000
sinking fund member's equity                                                                   1,473,910        1,479,179
accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                (53,347  )       (28,202  )
total                                                                             1,430,563        1,460,977
total liabilities and equity                                                     $6,403,823       $5,942,588
see notes to financial statements.
347
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
statements of changes in equity for the years ended december
31, 2014, 2013, and 2012

common equity accumulated preferredmember...    member's equity                 other            total comprehensive loss
-in thousands balance at december 31,                               $10,000         $1,393,386              ($69,610  )    $1,333,776
2011
net income                                       -            158,977                     -          158,977
member                                           -              1,000                     -            1,000
contribution other comprehensive                                    -                  -                 4,381            4,381
income dividends/dist...
declared on                                      -           (114,200  )                  -         (114,200  )
common equity dividends/dist...
declared on preferred                                        -               (825  )                  -             (825  )
membership interests other                                            -               (105  )                  -             (105  )
balance at december 31,                               $10,000         $1,438,233              ($65,229  )    $1,383,004
2012
net income                                       -            161,662                     -          161,662
other comprehensive                                    -                  -                37,027           37,027
income dividends/dist...
declared on                                      -           (119,900  )                  -         (119,900  )
common equity dividends/dist...
declared on preferred                                        -               (825  )                  -             (825  )
membership interests other                                            -                  9                     -                9
balance at december 31,                               $10,000         $1,479,179              ($28,202  )    $1,460,977
2013
net income                                       -            162,491                     -          162,491
other comprehensive                                    -                  -               (25,145  )       (25,145  )
income dividends/dist...
declared on                                      -           (166,901  )                  -         (166,901  )
common equity dividends/dist...
declared on preferred                                        -               (827  )                  -             (827  )
membership interests other                                            -                (32  )                  -              (32  )
balance at december 31,                               $10,000         $1,473,910              ($53,347  )    $1,430,563
2014
see notes to financial statements.
348
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
selected financial data - five-year comparison
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-in thousands operating                                    $2,150,926    $1,941,133    $1,654,894    $2,134,409    $2,097,021
revenues net income                                     $162,491      $161,662      $158,977      $201,604      $174,319
total assets                                 $6,403,823    $5,942,588    $5,803,119    $5,763,719    $5,690,376
long-term                                    $1,590,862    $1,527,465    $1,442,429    $1,482,430    $1,584,332
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt).
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $502          $465          $389          $479          $498
commercial                                          448           417           349           416           426
industrial                                          588           502           392           490           489
governmental                                         23            22            18            22            21
total retail                                      1,561         1,406         1,148         1,407         1,434
sales for resale:
associated                                          407           375           377           562           463
companies non-associated                                       62            45            34            52            79
companies other                                                49            56            47            49            40
total                                            $2,079        $1,882        $1,606        $2,070        $2,016
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       5,368         5,206         5,176         5,383         5,538
commercial                                        5,298         5,208         5,287         5,239         5,274
industrial                                        9,925         9,021         8,890         9,041         8,801
governmental                                        232           228           228           222           210
total retail                                     20,823        19,663        19,581        19,885        19,823
sales for resale:
associated                                        6,966         6,580         7,727         8,595         8,516
companies non-associated                                      925           887           941         1,013         1,705
companies total                                            28,714        27,130        28,249        29,493        30,044
349
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana business combination in june 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana filed a business combination study report with the lpsc. the report contained a preliminary analysis of the potential combination of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana into a single public utility, including an overview of the combination that identified its potential customer benefits. although not part of the business combination, entergy louisiana provided notice to the city council in june 2014 that it would seek authorization to transfer to entergy new orleans the assets that currently support the provision of service to entergy louisiana's customers in algiers. entergy louisiana subsequently filed the referenced application with the city council in october 2014. in the summer of 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana held technical conferences and face-to-face meetings with lpsc staff and other stakeholders to discuss potential effects of the combination, solicit suggestions and concerns, and identify areas in which additional information might be needed.
on september 30, 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana filed an application with the lpsc seeking authorization to undertake the transactions that would result in the combination of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana into a single public utility.
the combination is subject to regulatory review and approval of the lpsc, the ferc, and the nrc. in june 2014, entergy submitted an application to the nrc for approval of river bend and waterford 3 license transfers as part of the steps to complete the business combination. the combination also could be subject to regulatory review of the city council if entergy louisiana continues to own the assets that currently support entergy louisiana's customers in algiers at the time the combination is effectuated. in november 2014, entergy louisiana filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to undertake the combination. the application provides that if the city council approves the algiers asset transfer before the business combination occurs, the city council may not need to issue a public interest finding regarding the combination. in december 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana filed applications with the ferc requesting authorization for the business combination and the algiers asset transfer. in january 2015, entergy services filed an application with the ferc for financing authority for the combined company. if approvals are obtained from the lpsc, the ferc, the nrc, and, if required, the city council, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana expect the combination will be effected in the second half of 2015.
the procedural schedule in the lpsc business combination proceeding calls for lpsc staff and intervenor testimony to be filed in march 2015, with a hearing scheduled for june 2015. entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana have requested that the lpsc issue its decision regarding the business combination in august 2015. in the city council business combination proceeding, the city council announced through a resolution that it would not initiate an active review of the business combination filing, but instead would establish a business combination docket for the limited purpose of receiving information filings relative to the business combination proceedings at the lpsc.
it is currently contemplated that entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana will undertake multiple steps to effectuate the combination, which steps would include the following:
each of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana will redeem or repurchase all of their
  respective outstanding preferred membership interests (which interests have a $100 million liquidation value in the case of entergy louisiana and $10 million liquidation value in the case of entergy gulf states louisiana).
  entergy gulf states louisiana will convert from a louisiana limited liability company to a texas limited liability company.
  under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy louisiana will allocate substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary (new entergy louisiana) and new entergy louisiana will assume all
350
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis of the liabilities of entergy louisiana, in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc. entergy louisiana will remain in existence and hold the membership interests in new entergy louisiana.
under the txboc, entergy gulf states louisiana will allocate substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary (new entergy gulf states louisiana) and new entergy gulf states louisiana will assume all of the
  liabilities of entergy gulf states louisiana, in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc. entergy gulf states louisiana will remain in existence and hold the membership interests in new entergy gulf states louisiana.
entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana will contribute the membership interests in new entergy
  louisiana and new entergy gulf states louisiana to an affiliate the common membership interests of which will be owned by entergy louisiana, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy corporation.
  new entergy gulf states louisiana will merge into new entergy louisiana with new entergy louisiana surviving the merger.
upon the completion of the steps, new entergy louisiana will hold substantially all of the assets, and will have assumed all of the liabilities, of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana. entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana may modify or supplement the steps to be taken to effect the combination.
results of operations net income
2014 compared to 2013
net income increased $31.1 million primarily due to higher net revenue and higher other income, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, and higher interest expense.
2013 compared to 2012
net income decreased $28.6 million primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher interest expense, and higher nuclear refueling outage expenses, partially offset by higher net revenue. also contributing to the decrease in net income was the settlement of the tax treatment related to the hurricane katrina and hurricane rita louisiana act 55 financing in june 2012, which resulted in a $142.7 million reduction of income tax expense partially offset by a $137.1 million ($84.3 million net-of-tax) regulatory charge, which reduced net revenue in 2012. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the tax treatment.
351
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis net revenue
2014 compared to 2013
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2014 to 2013.
amount
-in millions
2013 net revenue                   $1,208.8
miso deferral                          16.9
retail electric price                  15.7
asset retirement obligation            15.2
volume/weather                         12.6
other                                  13.3
2014 net revenue                   $1,282.5
the miso deferral variance is due to the deferral in 2014 of non-fuel miso-related charges, as approved by the lpsc. the deferral of non-fuel miso-related charges is partially offset in other operation and maintenance expenses. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the recovery of non-fuel miso-related charges.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in affiliated purchased power capacity costs that are recovered through base rates set in the annual formula rate plan mechanism and a formula rate plan increase effective december 2014. entergy louisiana's formula rate plan is discussed in note 2 to the financial statements.
the asset retirement obligation affects net revenue because entergy louisiana records a regulatory debit or credit for the difference between asset retirement obligation-related expenses and trust earnings plus asset retirement obligation-related costs collected in revenue. the variance is primarily caused by an increase in regulatory credits because of a decrease in decommissioning trust earnings, increases in depreciation and accretion expenses, and an increase in regulatory credits to realign the asset retirement obligation regulatory asset with regulatory treatment.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 682 gwh, or 2%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather on residential and commercial sales as compared to the prior year and an increase in industrial usage primarily due to increased consumption by a large industrial customer in the chemicals industry as a result of a prior year plant outage and the addition of new mid-small industrial customers.
352
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
2013 compared to 2012
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2013 to 2012.
amount
-in millions
2012 net revenue                                       $933.3
louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation           137.6
retail electric price                                    91.5
volume/weather                                           23.9
net wholesale revenue                                    18.1
fuel recovery                                             9.4
other                                                    (5.0  )
2013 net revenue                                     $1,208.8
the louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation variance results from a regulatory charge recorded in the second quarter 2012 because entergy louisiana was required to share with customers the savings from the tax treatment related to the hurricane katrina and hurricane rita louisiana act 55 financing. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the tax treatment.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a formula rate plan increase effective january 2013. see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the formula rate plan increase.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 512 gwh in billed electricity usage in all sectors due to the effect of more favorable weather as compared to the previous year on residential sales and the effect of hurricane isaac, which decreased sales volume in 2012. the increase in industrial usage was also driven by a higher capacity factor in the petroleum industry.
the net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to the sale to entergy gulf states louisiana of one-third of acadia unit 2 capacity and energy.
the fuel recovery variance is primarily due to the expiration of the evangeline gas contract on january 1, 2013.
other income statement variances
2014 compared to 2013
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
a $16 million write-off recorded in 2014 because of the uncertainty associated with the resolution of the
  waterford 3 replacement steam generator project prudence review.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the prudence review;
  an increase of $10.5 million due to administration fees related to the participation in the miso rto effective december 2013.  the lpsc approved deferral of these expenses resulting in no net income effect;
  an increase of $9.7 million in regulatory, consulting, and legal fees;
  an increase of $7.9 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to higher labor costs, including contract labor, higher materials costs, and higher nrc fees;
353
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
  an increase of $7.3 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to an overall higher scope of work done during plant outages as compared to prior year;
  an increase of $4.4 million in transmission expenses primarily due to increased transmission equalization expenses and higher vegetation maintenance;
  an increase of $2.1 million as a result of higher write-offs of uncollectible accounts in 2014;
  an increase of $1.7 million in distribution vegetation maintenance expenses; and
  several individually insignificant items.
the increase was partially offset by:
a decrease of $24 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to an increase in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs, other postretirement
  benefit plan design changes, fewer employees, and a settlement charge recognized in september 2013 related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.  see "critical accounting estimates" below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs;
  a decrease of $6.1 million relating to the sale of surplus oil inventory in 2014; and
  a decrease of $5.9 million due to costs incurred in 2013 related to the now-terminated plan to spin off and merge the utility's transmission business.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
other income increased primarily due to:
an increase of $9.5 million due to distributions earned on preferred membership interests purchased from
  entergy holdings company with the proceeds received in august 2014 from the act 55 storm cost financing.
see note 2 to the financial statements and "hurricane isaac" below for a discussion of the act 55 storm cost financing;
  $7.6 million of carrying charges recorded in 2014  on storm restoration costs related to hurricane isaac as approved by the lpsc; and
  the increase in allowance for equity funds used during construction due to a higher construction work in progress balance in 2014, including the ninemile unit 6 self-build project.
the increase was partially offset by higher realized gains in 2013 on waterford 3 decommissioning trust fund investments.
interest expense increased primarily due to:
  the issuance of $325 million of 4.05% series first mortgage bonds in august 2013;
  the issuance of $170 million of 5.0% series first mortgage bonds in june 2014; and
  the issuance of $190 million of 3.78% series first mortgage bonds in july 2014.
the increase was partially offset by an increase in the allowance for borrowed funds used during construction due to a higher construction work in progress balance in 2014, including the ninemile unit 6 self-build project.
2013 compared to 2012
nuclear refueling outage expenses increased primarily due to the amortization of higher expenses associated with the refueling outage at waterford 3.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
  an increase of $20.9 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a decrease in the discount
354
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs and a settlement charge, recognized in september 2013, related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.
see "
critical accounting estimates
" below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs;
an increase of $16.5 million resulting from implementation costs, severance costs, and curtailment and special termination benefits in 2013 related to the human capital management strategic imperative,
  substantially offset by the deferral, as approved by the lpsc, of $13 million of these costs.   see the
"human capital management strategic imperative" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion;
  an increase of $5.4 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to higher labor and materials costs; and
  the prior year deferral, as approved by the lpsc and the ferc, of costs related to the transition and implementation of joining the miso rto, which reduced 2012 expenses by $5.2 million.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $9.2 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses due to an overall lower scope of work done during plant outages as compared to the prior year.
also, other operation and maintenance expenses include $5.9 million in 2013 and $6.7 million in 2012 of costs incurred related to the now terminated plan to spin off and merge the transmission business.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including placing in service the waterford 3 steam generator project in december 2012.
interest expense increased primarily due to:
  the issuance of $200 million of 5.25% series first mortgage bonds in july 2012;
  the issuance of $200 million of 3.30% series first mortgage bonds in december 2012;
  the issuance of $100 million of 4.70% series first mortgage bonds in may 2013; and
  the issuance of $325 million of 4.05% series first mortgage bonds in august 2013.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2014, 2013, and 2012, were 25.3%, 24.5%, and (84.7%), respectively. the effective income tax rate of (84.7%) for 2012 was primarily due to the settlement of the tax treatment of the louisiana act 55 financing of the hurricane katrina and hurricane rita storm costs and the reversal of the provision for the uncertain tax positions related to that item. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates and for a discussion of the irs settlement and audits.
355
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were as follows:
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning         $124,007        $30,086           $878
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                          1,126,040        662,772        447,698
investing activities                           (938,758  )    (540,807  )    (850,866  )
financing activities                           (153,736  )     (28,044  )     432,376
net increase in cash and cash                    33,546         93,921         29,208
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of            $157,553       $124,007        $30,086
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $463.3 million in 2014 primarily due to proceeds of $240
million received from the louisiana utilities restoration corporation as a result of the louisiana act 55 storm cost financing, an increase in income tax refunds of $207.8 million, and the timing of collections from customers.
the increase was partially offset by an increase of $33.4 million in pension contributions in 2014 and an increase of $15.6 million in interest paid resulting from an increase in interest expense, as discussed above. entergy louisiana had income tax refunds in 2014 in accordance with the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the refunds are primarily due to favorable adjustments allowed in the irs audit of the 2006-2007 tax years and a carryback of a 2008 net operating loss. see note 2 to the financial statements and " hurricane isaac " below for a discussion of the act 55 storm cost financing. see "
critical accounting estimates
" below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $215.1 million in 2013 primarily due to decreased hurricane isaac storm spending in 2013 and a decrease of $7.7 million in pension contributions. the increase was partially offset by an increase of $12.4 million in interest paid resulting from the increase in interest expense, as discussed above, and a decrease of $7.8 million in income tax refunds. see "
critical accounting estimates
" below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $398 million in 2014 primarily due to:
the investment in 2014 of $227 million in affiliate securities as a result of the act 55 storm cost
  financing.  see note 2 to the financial statements and "hurricane isaac" below for a discussion of the act
55 storm cost financing;
  the deposit of $200 million into the storm reserve escrow account in 2014;
  receipts of $187 million from the storm reserve escrow account in 2013;
an increase in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of
  fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and
356
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
  an increase in transmission construction expenditures as a result of additional reliability work performed in 2014.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures due to lower spending on the ninemile unit 6 self-rebuild project and money pool activity.
decreases in entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool decreased by $16 million in 2014 compared to increasing by $8.2 million in 2013. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $310.1 million in 2013 primarily due to:
  receipts of $187 million from the storm reserve escrow account in 2013 compared to receipts of $14.5 million in 2012;
  a decrease in nuclear construction expenditures due to the waterford 3 steam generator replacement project in 2012;
a decrease in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of
  fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and
  a decrease in distribution construction expenditures due to higher hurricane isaac spending in prior year.
the decrease was partially offset by an increase in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures due to spending on the ninemile unit 6 self-build project and an increase in transmission construction expenditures as a result of additional reliability work performed in 2013.
financing activities net cash used by financing activities increased $125.7 million in 2014 primarily due to the net issuance of $130.7
million of long-term debt in 2014 compared to the net issuance of $386.9 million of long-term debt in 2013, partially offset by borrowings of $43.1 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility in 2014 compared to the repayment of borrowings of $51.7 million in 2013 and a decrease of $35.7 million in common equity distributions in 2014.
entergy louisiana's financing activities used $28 million of cash in 2013 compared to providing $432.4 million of cash in 2012 primarily due to:
  an increase of $340.7 million in common equity distributions in 2013;
  the net issuance of $386.9 million of long-term debt in 2013 compared to the net issuance of $613.1 million of long-term debt in 2012; and
  money pool activity.
decreases in entergy louisiana's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy louisiana's payable to the money pool decreased by $118.4 million in 2012.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
357
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis capital structure entergy louisiana's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio for entergy louisiana is primarily due to an increase in long-term debt as a result of the issuance of $190 million of 3.78% series first mortgage bonds in july 2014.
december 31,2014          december 31,2013
debt to capital                           53.8  %                   52.0  %
effect of excluding securitization bonds  (1.0  %)                  (1.3  %)
debt to capital, excluding                52.8  %                   50.7  %
securitization bonds (a)
effect of subtracting cash                (1.3  %)                  (1.1  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding        51.5  %                   49.6  %
securitization bonds (a)
(a)  calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy louisiana.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy louisiana uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy louisiana's financial condition. entergy louisiana uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluation entergy louisiana's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy louisiana's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents.
uses of capital entergy louisiana requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt and preferred equity maturities or retirements;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
  distribution and interest payments.
following are the amounts of entergy louisiana's planned construction and other capital investments.
2015    2016    2017
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $225    $205    $395
transmission                                 100      90     155
distribution                                 160     185     140
other                                         30      20      20
total                                       $515    $500    $710
358
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy louisiana's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2015    2016-2017    2018-2019    after 2019     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $183         $476         $580        $4,682    $5,921
operating leases                     $11          $18          $11            $5       $45
purchase obligations (b)            $682       $1,260       $1,135        $3,623    $6,700
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy louisiana, almost all of the total consists of
(b)  unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the vidalia purchased power agreement and the unit power sales agreement, both of which are discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy louisiana currently expects to contribute approximately $57 million to its pension plans and approximately $9.9 million to other postretirement plans in
2015, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015
valuations are completed by april 1, 2015. see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also, in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy louisiana has $38.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy louisiana includes specific investments such as nrc post-fukushima requirements; environmental compliance spending;
transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; resource planning;
generation projects; system improvements; and other investments. entergy's utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. the estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital.
management provides more information on long-term debt maturities in note 5 to the financial statements.
as an indirect, majority-owned subsidiary of entergy corporation, entergy louisiana pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. entergy louisiana's long-term debt indenture contains restrictions on the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred membership interests.
ninemile point unit 6 self-build project in june 2011, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc an application seeking certification that the public necessity and convenience would be served by entergy louisiana's construction of a combined-cycle gas turbine generating facility (ninemile 6) at its existing ninemile point electric generating station. ninemile 6 is a nominally-sized
560 mw unit that is expected to cost approximately $655 million to construct when spending is complete, excluding interconnection and transmission upgrades. entergy gulf states louisiana joined in the application, seeking certification of its purchase under a life-of-unit power purchase agreement of up to 25% of the capacity and energy
359
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis generated by ninemile 6. the ninemile 6 capacity and energy is allocated 55% to entergy louisiana, 25% to entergy gulf states louisiana, and 20% to entergy new orleans. in february 2012 the city council passed a resolution authorizing entergy new orleans to purchase 20% of the ninemile 6 energy and capacity. in march 2012 the lpsc unanimously voted to grant the certifications requested by entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana.
following approval by the lpsc, entergy louisiana issued full notice to proceed to the project's engineering, procurement, and construction contractor.
under terms approved by the lpsc, non-fuel costs may be recovered through entergy louisiana's formula rate plan beginning in the month after the unit is placed in service. in july 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana filed an unopposed stipulation with the lpsc that estimates a first year revenue requirement associated with ninemile 6 and provides a mechanism to update the revenue requirement as the in-service date approaches, which was subsequently approved by the lpsc. in late december 2014, roughly contemporaneous with the unit's placement in service, a final updated estimated revenue requirement of $51.1 million for entergy louisiana was filed. the december 2014 estimate forms the basis of rates implemented effective with the first billing cycle of january 2015.
entergy louisiana will submit project and cost information to the lpsc in mid-2015 to enable the lpsc to review the prudence of entergy louisiana's management of the project.
new nuclear development entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana have been developing and are preserving a project option for new nuclear generation at river bend. in the first quarter 2010, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana each paid for and recognized on its books $24.9 million in costs associated with the development of new nuclear generation at the river bend site; these costs previously had been recorded on the books of entergy new nuclear utility development, llc, a system energy subsidiary. entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana will share costs going forward on a 50/50 basis, which reflects each company's current participation level in the project.
in march 2010, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc seeking approval to continue the limited development activities necessary to preserve an option to construct a new unit at river bend. at its june 2012 meeting the lpsc voted to uphold an alj recommendation that the request of entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana be declined on the basis that the lpsc's rule on new nuclear development does not apply to activities to preserve an option to develop and on the further grounds that the companies improperly engaged in advanced preparation activities prior to certification. the lpsc directed that entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana be permitted to seek recovery of these costs in their upcoming rate case filings that were subsequently filed in february 2013. in the resolution of the rate case proceeding, the lpsc provided for an eight-
year amortization of costs incurred in connection with the potential development of a new nuclear generation at river bend, without carrying costs, beginning in december 2014, provided, however, that amortization of these costs shall not result in a future rate increase. as of december 31, 2014, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana each have a regulatory asset of $29.2 million on its balance sheet related to these new nuclear generation development costs.
sources of capital entergy louisiana's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt or preferred membership interest issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy louisiana may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt and preferred membership interests prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and distribution rates are favorable.
360
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis all debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy louisiana require prior regulatory approval. preferred membership interest and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements. entergy louisiana has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy louisiana's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2014                      2013      2012         2011
-in thousands
$1,649                 $17,648    $9,433    -$118,415
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy louisiana has a credit facility in the amount of $200 million scheduled to expire in march 2019. the credit facility allows entergy louisiana to issue letters of credit against 50% of the borrowing capacity of the facility.
as of december 31, 2014, there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facility. in addition, entergy louisiana entered into an uncommitted letter of credit facility in 2014 as a means to post collateral to support its obligations under miso. as of december 31, 2014, a $4.7 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy louisiana's letter of credit facility.
the entergy louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $90
million scheduled to expire in june 2016. as of december 31, 2014, $46.1 million of letters of credit were outstanding under the credit facility to support a like amount of commercial paper issued by the entergy louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility.
entergy louisiana obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2015 for the following:
  short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $250 million at any time outstanding;
  long-term borrowings and security issuances; and
  long-term borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy louisiana's short-term borrowing limits.
in february 2014 the entergy louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entity issued $40 million of 3.92%
series h notes due february 2021. the entergy louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entity used the proceeds to purchase additional nuclear fuel.
in june 2014, entergy louisiana issued $170 million of 5% series first mortgage bonds due july 2044. entergy louisiana used the proceeds to pay, prior to maturity, its $70 million 6.4% series first mortgage bonds due october
2034 and to pay, prior to maturity, its $100 million 6.3% series first mortgage bonds due september 2035.
in july 2014, entergy louisiana issued $190 million of 3.78% series first mortgage bonds due april 2025. entergy louisiana used the proceeds to re-establish and replenish its storm damage escrow reserves and for general corporate purposes.
in july 2014 the entergy louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entity redeemed, at maturity, its $50
million of 5.69% series e notes.
361
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in november 2014, entergy louisiana issued $250 million of 4.95% series first mortgage bonds due january 2045.
entergy louisiana used the proceeds to repay, at maturity, its $250 million of 1.875% series first mortgage bonds due december 2014.
hurricane isaac in august 2012, hurricane isaac caused extensive damage to entergy louisiana's service area. the storm resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage primarily to distribution infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the power outages. in january 2013, entergy louisiana drew $187 million from its funded storm reserve escrow account. in april 2013, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana filed a joint application with the lpsc relating to hurricane isaac system restoration costs. in may 2013, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, and the louisiana utilities restoration corporation (lurc), an instrumentality of the state of louisiana, filed with the lpsc an application requesting that the lpsc grant financing orders authorizing the financing of entergy gulf states louisiana's and entergy louisiana's storm costs, storm reserves, and issuance costs pursuant to act 55 of the louisiana regular session of 2007 (louisiana act 55). the lpsc staff filed direct testimony in september 2013 concluding that hurricane isaac system restoration costs incurred by entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana were reasonable and prudent, subject to proposed minor adjustments which totaled approximately 1% of each company's costs. following an evidentiary hearing and recommendations by the alj, the lpsc voted in june 2014 to approve a series of orders which (i) quantify the amount of hurricane isaac system restoration costs prudently incurred ($66.5 million for entergy gulf states louisiana and $224.3 million for entergy louisiana); (ii) determine the level of storm reserves to be re-established ($90 million for entergy gulf states louisiana and $200 million for entergy louisiana); (iii) authorize entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana to utilize louisiana act 55 financing for hurricane isaac system restoration costs; and (iv) grant other requested relief associated with storm reserves and act 55 financing of hurricane isaac system restoration costs.
entergy louisiana committed to pass on to customers a minimum of $23.9 million of customer benefits through annual customer credits of approximately $4.8 million for five years. approvals for the act 55 financings were obtained from the louisiana utilities restoration corporation (lurc) and the louisiana state bond commission.
in july 2014, entergy louisiana issued $190 million of 3.78% series first mortgage bonds due april 2025 and used the proceeds to re-establish and replenish its storm damage escrow reserves and for general corporate purposes.
in august 2014 the louisiana local government environmental facilities and community development authority (lcda)
issued $243.85 million in bonds under act 55 of the louisiana legislature. from the $240 million of bond proceeds loaned by the lcda to the lurc, the lurc deposited $13 million in a restricted escrow account as a storm damage reserve for entergy louisiana and transferred $227 million directly to entergy louisiana. entergy louisiana used the $227 million received from the lurc to acquire 2,272,725.89 class c preferred, non-voting, membership interest units of entergy holdings company llc, a company wholly-owned and consolidated by entergy, that carry a 7.5% annual distribution rate. distributions are payable quarterly commencing on september 15, 2014, and the membership interests have a liquidation price of $100 per unit. the preferred membership interests are callable at the option of entergy holdings company llc after ten years under the terms of the llc agreement. the terms of the membership interests include certain financial covenants to which entergy holdings company llc is subject, including the requirement to maintain a net worth of at least $1.75 billion.
entergy louisiana does not report the bonds on its balance sheet because the bonds are the obligation of the lcda and there is no recourse against entergy louisiana in the event of a bond default. to service the bonds, entergy louisiana collects a system restoration charge on behalf of the lurc, and remits the collections to the bond indenture trustee. entergy louisiana does not report the collections as revenue because it is merely acting as the billing and collection agent for the state.
little gypsy repowering project in april 2007, entergy louisiana announced that it intended to pursue the solid fuel repowering of a 538 mw unit at its little gypsy plant. in march 2009 the lpsc voted in favor of a motion directing entergy louisiana to
362
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis temporarily suspend the repowering project and, based upon an analysis of the project's economic viability, to make a recommendation regarding whether to proceed with the project. this action was based upon a number of factors including the recent decline in natural gas prices, as well as environmental concerns, the unknown costs of carbon legislation and changes in the capital/financial markets. in april 2009, entergy louisiana complied with the lpsc's directive and recommended that the project be suspended for an extended period of time of three years or more. in may 2009 the lpsc issued an order declaring that entergy louisiana's decision to place the little gypsy project into a longer-term suspension of three years or more is in the public interest and prudent.
in october 2009, entergy louisiana made a filing with the lpsc seeking permission to cancel the little gypsy repowering project and seeking project cost recovery over a five-year period. in june 2010 and august 2010, the lpsc staff and intervenors filed testimony. the lpsc staff (1) agreed that it was prudent to move the project from long-term suspension to cancellation and that the timing of the decision to suspend on a longer-term basis was not imprudent; (2) indicated that, except for $0.8 million in compensation-related costs, the costs incurred should be deemed prudent; (3) recommended recovery from customers over ten years but stated that the lpsc may want to consider 15 years; (4) allowed for recovery of carrying costs and earning a return on project costs, but at a reduced rate approximating the cost of debt, while also acknowledging that the lpsc may consider ordering no return; and (5) indicated that entergy louisiana should be directed to securitize project costs, if legally feasible and in the public interest. in the third quarter 2010, in accordance with accounting standards, entergy louisiana determined that it was probable that the little gypsy repowering project would be abandoned and accordingly reclassified $199.8 million of project costs from construction work in progress to a regulatory asset.
a hearing on the issues, except for cost allocation among customer classes, was held before the alj in november
2010. in january 2011 all parties participated in a mediation on the disputed issues, resulting in a settlement of all disputed issues, including cost recovery and cost allocation. the settlement provides for entergy louisiana to recover $200 million as of march 31, 2011, and carrying costs on that amount on specified terms thereafter. the settlement also provides for entergy louisiana to recover the approved project costs by securitization. in april
2011, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc to authorize the securitization of the investment recovery costs associated with the project and to issue a financing order by which entergy louisiana could accomplish such securitization. in august 2011 the lpsc issued an order approving the settlement and also issued a financing order for the securitization. see note 5 to the financial statements for a discussion of the september
2011 issuance of the securitization bonds.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy louisiana charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy louisiana is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the lpsc, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
retail rates filings with the lpsc in may 2005 the lpsc approved a rate filing settlement that included the adoption of a three-year formula rate plan, the terms of which included an roe mid-point of 10.25% for the initial three-year term of the plan and permit entergy louisiana to recover incremental capacity costs outside of a traditional base rate proceeding. under the formula rate plan, over- and under-earnings outside an allowed regulatory range of 9.45% to 11.05% will be allocated 60% to customers and 40% to entergy louisiana. the initial formula rate plan filing was made in may 2006.
as discussed below the formula rate plan has been extended, with return on common equity provisions consistent with previously approved provisions, to cover the 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011 test years.
in november 2011 the lpsc approved a one-year extension of entergy louisiana's formula rate plan. in may 2012, entergy louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the lpsc for the 2011 test year. the filing reflected a
9.63% earned return on common equity, which is within the earnings bandwidth and resulted in no cost of service rate
363
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis change under the formula rate plan. the filing also reflected an $18.1 million rate increase for the incremental capacity rider. in august 2012, entergy louisiana submitted a revised filing that reflected an earned return on common equity of 10.38%, which is still within the earnings bandwidth, resulting in no cost of service rate change.
the revised filing also indicated that an increase of $15.9 million should be reflected in the incremental capacity rider. the rate change was implemented, subject to refund, effective for bills rendered the first billing cycle of september 2012. subsequently, in december 2012, entergy louisiana submitted a revised evaluation report that reflected two items: 1) a $17 million reduction for the first-year capacity charges for the purchase by entergy gulf states louisiana from entergy louisiana of one-third of acadia unit 2 capacity and energy, and 2) an $88
million increase for the first-year retail revenue requirement associated with the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project, which was in-service in december 2012. these rate changes were implemented, subject to refund, effective with the first billing cycle of january 2013. in april 2013, entergy louisiana and the lpsc staff filed a joint report resolving the 2011 test year formula rate plan and recovery related to the grand gulf uprate. this report was approved by the lpsc in april 2013.
with completion of the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project, the lpsc is conducting a prudence review in connection with a filing made by entergy louisiana in april 2013 with regard to the following aspects of the replacement project: 1) project management; 2) cost controls; 3) success in achieving stated objectives; 4) the costs of the replacement project; and 5) the outage length and replacement power costs. in july 2014 the lpsc staff filed testimony recommending potential project and replacement power cost disallowances of up to $71 million , citing a need for further explanation or documentation from entergy louisiana. an intervenor filed testimony recommending disallowance of $141 million of incremental project costs, claiming the steam generator fabricator was imprudent. entergy louisiana provided further documentation and explanation requested by the lpsc staff. an evidentiary hearing was held in december 2014. at the hearing the parties maintained the positions reflected in pre-filed testimony. a post-hearing briefing schedule has not been established. entergy louisiana believes that the replacement steam generator costs were prudently incurred and applicable legal principles support their recovery in rates. nevertheless, entergy louisiana recorded a write-off of $16 million of waterford 3's plant balance in december 2014 because of the uncertainty associated with the resolution of the prudence review.
in connection with its decision to extend the formula rate plan to the 2011 test year, the lpsc required that a base rate case be filed by entergy louisiana, and the required filing was made on february 15, 2013. the filing anticipated entergy louisiana's integration into miso. in the filing entergy louisiana requested, among other relief:
authorization to increase the revenue it collects from customers by approximately$145 million(which does not
  take into account a revenue offset of approximately$2 millionresulting from a proposed increase for those customers taking service under the qualifying facility standby service);
  an authorized return on common equity of10.4%;
  authorization to increase depreciation rates embedded in the proposed revenue requirement; and authorization to implement athree-year formula rate plan with a midpoint return on common equity of10.4%, plus or minus75basis points (the deadband), that would provide a means for the annual re-setting of rates
(commencing with calendar year 2013 as its first test year), that would include a mechanism to recover
  incremental transmission revenue requirements on the basis of a forward-looking test year as compared to the initial base year of 2014 with an annual true-up, that would retain the primary aspects of the prior formula rate plan, including a60%to customers/40%to entergy louisiana sharing mechanism for earnings outside the deadband, and a capacity rider mechanism that would permit recovery of incremental capacity additions approved by the lpsc.
following a hearing before an alj and the alj's issuance of a report of proceedings, in december 2013 the lpsc approved an unopposed settlement of the proceeding. the settlement provides for a $10 million rate increase effective with the first billing cycle of december 2014. major terms of the settlement include approval of a three
-year formula rate plan (effective for test years 2014-2016) modeled after the formula rate plan in effect for entergy louisiana for 2011, including the following: (1) a midpoint return on equity of 9.95% plus or minus 80
basis points, with 60 / 40 sharing of earnings outside of the bandwidth; (2) recovery outside of the sharing mechanism for the non-fuel miso-related costs, additional capacity revenue requirement, extraordinary items, such as the ninemile 6 project, and certain
364
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis special recovery items; (3) three -year amortization of costs to achieve savings associated with the human capital management strategic imperative, with savings reflected as they are realized in subsequent years; (4) eight -year amortization of costs incurred in connection with potential development of a new nuclear unit at river bend, without carrying costs, beginning december 2014, provided, however, that amortization of these costs shall not result in a future rate increase; (5) recovery of non-fuel miso-related costs and any changes to the additional capacity revenue requirement related to test year 2013 effective with the first billing cycle of december 2014; and
(6) a cumulative $30 million cap on cost of service increases over the three -year formula rate plan cycle, except for those items outside of the sharing mechanism. existing depreciation rates will not change.
pursuant to the rate case settlement approved by the lpsc in december 2013, entergy louisiana submitted a compliance filing in may 2014 reflecting the effects of the $10 million agreed-upon increase in formula rate plan revenue, the estimated miso cost recovery mechanism revenue requirement, and the adjustment of the additional capacity mechanism. in november 2014, entergy louisiana submitted an additional compliance filing updating the estimated miso cost recovery mechanism for the most recent actual data, as well as providing for a refund and prospective reduction in rates for the true-up of the estimated revenue requirement for the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project. based on this updated filing, a net increase of $41.7 million in formula rate plan revenue to be collected over nine months was implemented in december 2014. the compliance filings are subject to the review in accordance with the review process set forth in entergy louisiana's formula rate plan. additionally, the adjustments of rates made related to the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project included in the december
2014 compliance filing are subject to final true-up following completion of the lpsc's determination regarding the prudence of the project.
filings with the city council in march 2013, entergy louisiana filed a rate case for the algiers area, which is in new orleans and is regulated by the city council. entergy louisiana requested a rate increase of $13 million over three years, including a 10.4%
return on common equity and a formula rate plan mechanism identical to its lpsc request made in february 2013. in january 2014, the city council advisors filed direct testimony recommending a rate increase of $5.56 million over three years, including an 8.13% return on common equity. in june 2014 the city council unanimously approved a settlement that includes the following:
  a $9.3 million base rate revenue increase to be phased in on a levelized basis over four years;
  recovery of an additional $853 thousand annually through a miso recovery rider; and adoption of a four-year formula rate plan requiring the filing of annual evaluation reports in may of each
  year, commencing may 2015, with resulting rates being implemented in october of each year.  the formula rate plan includes a midpoint target authorized return on common equity of 9.95% with a +/- 40 basis point bandwidth.
the rate increase was effective with bills rendered on and after the first billing cycle of july 2014. additional compliance filings were made with the council in october 2014 for approval of the form of certain rate riders, including among others, a ninemile 6 non-fuel cost recovery interim rider, allowing for contemporaneous recovery of capacity costs related to the commencement of commercial operation of the ninemile 6 generating unit and a purchased power capacity cost recovery rider. the ninemile 6 cost recovery interim rider was implemented in december 2014 to collect $915 thousand from entergy louisiana customers in the algiers area.
fuel and purchased power recovery entergy louisiana recovers electric fuel and purchased power costs for the billing month based upon the level of such costs incurred two months prior to the billing month.
in april 2010 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through the fuel adjustment clause by
365
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy louisiana for the period from 2005 through 2009. the lpsc staff issued its audit report in january 2013.
the lpsc staff recommended that entergy louisiana refund approximately $1.9 million, plus interest, to customers and realign the recovery of approximately $1 million from entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause to base rates.
the recommended refund was made by entergy louisiana in may 2013 in the form of a credit to customers through its fuel adjustment clause filing. two parties intervened in the proceeding. a procedural schedule was established for the identification of issues by the intervenors and for entergy louisiana to submit comments regarding the lpsc staff report and any issues raised by intervenors. one intervenor is seeking further proceedings regarding certain issues it raised in its comments on the lpsc staff report. entergy louisiana has filed responses to both the lpsc staff report and the issues raised by the intervenor. as required by the procedural schedule, a joint status report was submitted in october 2013 by the parties. a status conference was held in december 2013. discovery is in progress, but a procedural schedule has not been established.
in july 2014 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by entergy louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013. discovery has yet to commence.
algiers asset transfer in october 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to undertake a transaction that would result in the transfer from entergy louisiana to entergy new orleans of certain assets that currently support the provision of service to entergy louisiana's customers in algiers. the transaction is expected to result in the transfer of net assets of approximately $60 million. the algiers asset transfer is also subject to regulatory review and approval of the ferc. as discussed previously, entergy louisiana also filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to undertake the entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana business combination. the application provides that if the city council approves the algiers asset transfer before the business combination occurs, the city council may not need to issue a public interest finding regarding the business combination. if the necessary approvals are obtained from the city council and the ferc, entergy louisiana expects to transfer the algiers assets to entergy new orleans in the second half of 2015. in november 2014 the city council approved a resolution establishing a procedural schedule that provides for a hearing on the joint application in late-may 2015, with a decision to be rendered no later than june
2015.
industrial and commercial customers entergy louisiana's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy louisiana's industrial customer base. entergy louisiana responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles. entergy louisiana actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers. entergy louisiana does not currently expect additional significant losses to cogeneration because of the current economics of the electricity markets and entergy louisiana's marketing efforts in retaining industrial customers.
federal regulation see " entergy's integration into the miso regional transmission organization ," " system agreement ," and " u.s.
department of justice investigation " in the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of these topics.
366
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis nuclear matters entergy louisiana owns and, through an affiliate, operates the waterford 3 nuclear power plant. entergy louisiana is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. these include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of waterford 3, entergy louisiana may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.
the nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the reactor coolant system. the issue is applicable to waterford 3 and is managed in accordance with industry standard practices and guidelines that include in-service examinations, replacements, and mitigation strategies.
developments in the industry or identification of issues at the nuclear units could require unanticipated remediation efforts that cannot be quantified in advance.
after the nuclear incident in japan resulting from the march 2011 earthquake and tsunami, the nrc established a task force to conduct a review of processes and regulations relating to nuclear facilities in the united states.
the task force issued a near-term (90-day) report in july 2011 that made initial recommendations, which were subsequently refined and prioritized after input from stakeholders. the task force then issued a second report in september 2011. based upon the task force's recommendations, the nrc issued three orders effective on march 12,
2012. the three orders require u.s. nuclear operators to undertake plant modifications and perform additional analyses that will, among other things, result in increased operating and capital costs associated with operating nuclear plants. the nrc, with input from the industry, is continuing to determine the specific actions required by the orders. entergy louisiana's estimated capital expenditures for 2015 through 2017 for complying with the nrc orders are included in the planned construction and other capital investments estimates given in "
liquidity and capital resources
- uses of capital
" above.
environmental risks entergy louisiana's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy louisiana is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy louisiana's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy louisiana's financial position or results of operations.
nuclear decommissioning costs see "
nuclear decommissioning costs
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
367
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in the fourth quarter 2013, entergy louisiana recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liability for waterford 3 as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimate resulted in a $39.4
million increase in its decommissioning cost liability, along with a corresponding increase in the related asset retirement costs asset that will be depreciated over the remaining life of the unit.
unbilled revenue as discussed in note 1 to the financial statements, entergy louisiana records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. the difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. the estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy louisiana's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in             impact on 2014                         impact on 2014
actuarial assumption                assumption    qualified pension cost            projected qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                       -0.25%                        $2,235                                $35,324
rate of return on plan assets       -0.25%                        $1,346                                     $-
rate of increase in compensation    0.25%                           $892                                 $5,860
the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in                  impact on 2014    impact on 2014 accumulated actuarial assumption      assumption    postretirement benefit cost        postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                               $465                        $6,598
health care cost trend    0.25%                                $820                        $5,691
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
368
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy louisiana in 2014 was $30.8 million. entergy louisiana anticipates 2015
qualified pension cost to be $45.4 million. entergy louisiana contributed $54.5 million to its pension plans in
2014 and estimates 2015 pension contributions to be approximately $57 million, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015 valuations are completed by april 1,
2015.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for entergy louisiana in 2014 were $10.9 million.
entergy louisiana expects 2015 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs of approximately $12.8
million. entergy louisiana contributed $11.2 million to its other postretirement plans in 2014 and expects to contribute approximately $9.9 million in 2015.
the retirement and mortality rate assumptions are reviewed every three-to-five years as part of an actuarial study that compares these assumptions to the actual experience of the pension and other postretirement plans. the 2014
actuarial study reviewed plan experience from 2010 through 2013. as a result of the 2014 actuarial study and the issuance of new mortality tables in october 2014 by the society of actuaries, changes were made to reflect modified demographic pattern expectations as well as longer life expectancies. these changes are reflected in the december
31, 2014 financial disclosures. adoption of the new mortality assumptions for 2015 resulted in an increase at december 31, 2014 of $70.3 million in the qualified pension benefit obligation and $9.7 million in the accumulated postretirement obligation. the new mortality assumptions increased anticipated 2015 qualified pension cost by approximately $10.5 million and other postretirement cost by approximately $1.2 million. pension funding guidelines, as established by the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended and the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, are not expected to incorporate the october 2014 society of actuaries new mortality assumptions until after 2015, possibly 2016.
federal healthcare legislation see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis.
369
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors and members of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries jefferson, louisiana we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 and the related consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of cash flows, and consolidated statements of changes in equity
(pages 371 through 376 and applicable items in pages 61 through 234) for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014. these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. an audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. an audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
in our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
370
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2014             2013             2012
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $2,825,881       $2,626,935       $2,149,443
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                  679,028          570,956          360,964
purchased for resale purchased power                                                    895,242          850,998          728,170
nuclear refueling                                                   30,347           34,566           24,344
outage expenses other operation and                                                514,910          480,166          449,172
maintenance decommissioning                                                     24,649           21,612           23,406
taxes other than                                                    75,416           74,241           69,186
income taxes depreciation and                                                   252,690          242,787          218,140
amortization other regulatory charges (credits) -                                                (30,844  )        (3,785  )       127,050
net total                                                            2,441,438        2,271,541        2,000,432
operating income                                                   384,443          355,394          149,011
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                   38,807           31,544           39,610
construction interest and                                                        94,437           91,599           84,478
investment income miscellaneous - net                                                  8,458           (3,990  )        (2,584  )
total                                                              141,702          119,153          121,504
interest expense interest expense                                                   166,750          153,529          136,967
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                  (20,406  )       (13,323  )       (18,611  )
construction total                                                              146,344          140,206          118,356
income before income                                               379,801          334,341          152,159
taxes income taxes                                                        96,270           81,877         (128,922  )
net income                                                         283,531          252,464          281,081
preferred distribution requirements and                                                     6,969            6,950            6,950
other earnings applicable to                                            $276,562         $245,514         $274,131
common equity see notes to financial statements.
371
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended december 31,
2014           2013        2012
-in thousands net income                                                               $283,531       $252,464    $281,081
other comprehensive income (loss)
pension and other postretirement liabilities
(net of tax expense
(benefit) of                                                              (16,241  )      36,497      (6,625  )
($10,207), $30,591, and
$5,095)
other comprehensive                                                       (16,241  )      36,497      (6,625  )
income (loss)
comprehensive income                                                     $267,290       $288,961    $274,456
see notes to financial statements.
372
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                            $283,531       $252,464       $281,081
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning,                                                       349,947        337,333        293,774
including nuclear fuel amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                           149,282        310,964        (59,069  )
non-current taxes accrued changes in working capital:
receivables                                                             60,747       (121,118  )      43,850
fuel inventory                                                          (7,640  )         272            336
accounts payable                                                       (22,560  )     (29,151  )      40,085
prepaid taxes and taxes                                                185,363       (176,566  )     (39,275  )
accrued interest accrued                                                         2,300          4,808            729
deferred fuel costs                                                     20,040         56,960        (93,103  )
other working capital                                                   (4,562  )      41,693        (79,771  )
accounts changes in provisions for estimated                                                          204,510       (188,741  )     (16,586  )
losses changes in other                                                      (213,664  )     111,049       (116,249  )
regulatory assets changes in other                                                        12,837        156,446         81,259
regulatory liabilities changes in pension and other                                                                  172,430       (180,601  )      80,027
postretirement liabilities other                                                                  (66,521  )      86,960         30,610
net cash flow provided by operating                                                         1,126,040        662,772        447,698
activities investing activities construction                                                          (484,638  )    (711,470  )    (787,075  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                       38,807         31,544         39,610
construction nuclear fuel purchases                                                (131,978  )     (51,016  )    (159,501  )
proceeds from the sale                                                  59,784         23,438         62,248
of nuclear fuel investment in                                                         (227,273  )           -              -
affiliates payments to storm                                                     (200,053  )           -              -
reserve escrow account receipts from storm reserve escrow                                                               -        187,008         14,478
account changes in                                                               1,480           (157  )         818
securitization account proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                                         43,158        109,856         27,577
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                        (54,044  )    (121,773  )     (39,374  )
trust funds change in money pool                                                    15,999         (8,215  )      (9,433  )
receivable - net other                                                                        -            (22  )        (214  )
net cash flow used in investing                                                             (938,758  )    (540,807  )    (850,866  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                  642,835        417,740        663,975
debt retirement of long-term                                               (512,180  )     (30,846  )     (50,899  )
debt change in money pool                                                         -              -       (118,415  )
payable - net changes in credit                                                       43,110        (51,734  )     (39,735  )
borrowings - net distributions paid:
common equity                                                         (320,601  )    (356,254  )     (15,600  )
preferred membership                                                    (6,950  )      (6,950  )      (6,950  )
interests other                                                                       50              -              -
net cash flow provided by (used in)                                                          (153,736  )     (28,044  )     432,376
financing activities net increase in cash and cash                                                                33,546         93,921         29,208
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                         124,007         30,086            878
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                 $157,553       $124,007        $30,086
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                     $158,905       $143,257       $130,934
amount capitalized income taxes                                                         ($241,411  )    ($33,622  )    ($41,423  )
see notes to financial statements.
373
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2014             2013
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                                   $431             $427
temporary cash investments                                                          157,122          123,580
total cash and cash equivalents                                                     157,553          124,007
accounts receivable:
customer                                                                            124,125          144,836
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                        (984  )          (965  )
associated companies                                                                 48,474           87,820
other                                                                                 9,150           21,420
accrued unbilled revenues                                                            88,673           93,073
total accounts receivable                                                           269,438          346,184
accumulated deferred income taxes                                                    74,558          100,022
fuel inventory                                                                       30,951           23,311
materials and supplies - at average                                                 154,295          156,487
cost deferred nuclear refueling outage                                                    23,067           13,670
costs prepaid taxes                                                                             -          184,503
prepayments and other                                                                24,962           22,651
total                                                                               734,824          970,835
other property and investments investment in affiliate preferred                                                 1,034,696          807,423
membership interests decommissioning trust funds                                                         383,615          347,274
storm reserve escrow account                                                        200,053                -
non-utility property - at cost (less                                                    214              396
accumulated depreciation)
total                                                                             1,618,578        1,155,093
utility plant electric                                                                          9,627,495        8,799,393
property under capital lease                                                        334,716          331,895
construction work in progress                                                       241,923          672,883
nuclear fuel                                                                        162,721          147,385
total utility plant                                                              10,366,855        9,951,556
less - accumulated depreciation and                                               3,942,916        3,763,234
amortization utility plant - net                                                               6,423,939        6,188,322
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes -                                                 324,555          309,617
net other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $135,538
as                                                                                  914,229          715,503
of december 31, 2014 and $156,103 as of december 31, 2013)
deferred fuel costs                                                                  67,998           67,998
other                                                                                45,182           43,025
total                                                                             1,351,964        1,136,143
total assets                                                                    $10,129,305       $9,450,393
see notes to financial statements.
374
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2014             2013
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt                                                   $19,525         $320,231
short-term borrowings                                                                46,033            2,923
accounts payable:
associated companies                                                                 74,692           83,655
other                                                                               164,329          162,507
customer deposits                                                                    93,010           90,393
taxes accrued                                                                           860                -
accumulated deferred income taxes                                                         -              338
interest accrued                                                                     44,372           42,072
deferred fuel costs                                                                  50,432           30,392
other                                                                                48,250           46,698
total                                                                               541,503          779,209
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                                                               1,406,507        1,275,584
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                                  64,771           67,347
credits other regulatory liabilities                                                        546,084          533,247
decommissioning                                                                     503,734          479,086
accumulated provisions                                                              212,243            7,733
pension and other postretirement                                                    530,844          358,017
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $143,039 as of december 31,                                              3,337,054        2,899,285
2014 and $164,965 as of december 31,
2013)
other                                                                                70,141           75,233
total                                                                             6,671,378        5,695,532
commitments and contingencies equity preferred membership interests without                                                                             100,000          100,000
sinking fund member's equity                                                                   2,842,300        2,885,287
accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                (25,876  )        (9,635  )
total                                                                             2,916,424        2,975,652
total liabilities and equity                                                    $10,129,305       $9,450,393
see notes to financial statements.
375
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended december
31, 2014, 2013, and 2012

common equity preferred                              accumulated membership    member's equity                 other            total interests                            comprehensive income (loss)
-in thousands balance at december 31,                              $100,000         $2,504,436              ($39,507  )    $2,564,929
2011
net income                                       -            281,081                     -          281,081
additional contribution                                     -            253,661                     -          253,661
from parent other comprehensive                                    -                  -                (6,625  )        (6,625  )
loss distributions                                    -            (15,600  )                  -          (15,600  )
to parent distributions declared on preferred                                        -             (6,950  )                  -           (6,950  )
membership interests balance at december 31,                              $100,000         $3,016,628              ($46,132  )    $3,070,496
2012
net income                                       -            252,464                     -          252,464
other comprehensive                                    -                  -                36,497           36,497
income distributions                                    -           (376,855  )                  -         (376,855  )
to parent distributions declared on preferred                                        -             (6,950  )                  -           (6,950  )
membership interests balance at december 31,                              $100,000         $2,885,287               ($9,635  )    $2,975,652
2013
net income                                       -            283,531                     -          283,531
other comprehensive                                    -                  -               (16,241  )       (16,241  )
loss contributions                                    -              1,052                     -            1,052
from parent distributions                                    -           (320,601  )                  -         (320,601  )
to parent distributions declared on preferred                                        -             (6,969  )                  -           (6,969  )
membership interests balance at december 31,                              $100,000         $2,842,300              ($25,876  )    $2,916,424
2014
see notes to financial statements.
376
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data - five-year comparison
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-in thousands operating                                    $2,825,881    $2,626,935    $2,149,443    $2,508,915    $2,538,766
revenues net income                                     $283,531      $252,464      $281,081      $473,923      $231,435
total assets                                $10,129,305    $9,450,393    $9,074,084    $8,063,867    $7,488,423
long-term                                    $3,337,054    $2,899,285    $2,811,859    $2,177,003    $1,771,566
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt).
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $856          $839          $687          $830          $840
commercial                                          596           586           482           549           543
industrial                                          981           955           731           867           817
governmental                                         47            46            38            42            42
total retail                                     $2,480        $2,426        $1,938        $2,288        $2,242
sales for resale:
associated                                          256           114           137           137           220
companies non-associated                                       18             3             2             8             5
companies other                                                72            84            72            76            72
total                                            $2,826        $2,627        $2,149        $2,509        $2,539
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       9,047         8,820         8,703         9,303         9,533
commercial                                        6,257         6,194         6,112         6,155         6,164
industrial                                       17,100        16,713        16,416        15,813        14,473
governmental                                        500           495           479           473           479
total retail                                     32,904        32,222        31,710        31,744        30,649
sales for resale:
associated                                        4,450         1,844         2,156         2,145         2,860
companies non-associated                                      126            92            65           185           101
companies total                                            37,480        34,158        33,931        34,074        33,610
377
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations net income
2014 compared to 2013
net income decreased $7.3 million primarily due to the write-off in 2014 of the regulatory asset associated with new nuclear generation development costs as a result of a joint stipulation entered into with the mississippi public utilities staff, subsequently approved by the mpsc, in which entergy mississippi agreed not to pursue recovery of the costs deferred by an mpsc order in the new nuclear generation docket. see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the new nuclear generation development costs and the joint stipulation. also contributing to the decrease were higher depreciation and amortization expenses and higher taxes other than income taxes. these decreases were significantly offset by higher net revenue and lower other operation and maintenance expenses.
2013 compared to 2012
net income increased $35.4 million primarily due to higher net revenue and a lower effective income tax rate, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses.
net revenue
2014 compared to 2013
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2014 to 2013.
amount
-in millions
2013 net revenue                   $644.4
retail electric price                39.7
reserve equalization                 11.2
transmission equalization             1.3
volume/weather                        1.3
other                                 3.3
2014 net revenue                   $701.2
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a formula rate plan increase, as approved by the mpsc, effective september 2013 and an increase in the storm damage rider, as approved by the mpsc, effective october
2013. the increase in the storm damage rider is offset by other operation and maintenance expenses and has no effect on net income. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan and storm damage rider.
the reserve equalization variance is primarily due to an increase in reserve equalization revenue primarily due to the changes in the entergy system generation mix as a result of entergy arkansas's exit from the system agreement in december 2013.
378
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis the transmission equalization variance is primarily due to changes in transmission investment equalization billings under the entergy system agreement compared to the same period in 2013 primarily as a result of entergy arkansas's exit from the system agreement in december 2013.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 86 gwh, or 1%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather on residential sales as compared to the prior year and an increase in industrial. the increase in industrial usage is primarily in the primary metals and pipelines industries.
2013 compared to 2012
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2013 to 2012.
amount
-in millions
2012 net revenue               $578.0
retail electric price            55.1
reserve equalization              8.0
other                             3.3
2013 net revenue               $644.4
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to the recovery of hinds plant costs through the power management rider, as approved by the mpsc, effective with the first billing cycle of 2013 and a formula rate plan increase effective september 2013. the net income effect of the hinds plant cost recovery is limited to a portion representing an allowed return on equity on the net plant investment with the remainder offset by the hinds plant costs in other operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation expenses, and taxes other than income taxes. the increase is partially offset by a temporary increase in 2012 in the storm cost recovery rider, as approved by the mpsc for a five-month period effective august 2012. this temporary increase in revenues in 2012 was offset by costs included in other operation and maintenance expenses and had no effect on net income. see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the formula rate plan increase.
the reserve equalization variance is primarily due to increased reserve equalization revenue resulting from the acquisition of the hinds plant in november 2012.
other income statement variances
2014 compared to 2013
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
a decrease of $11.6 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to an increase in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs, other postretirement
  benefit plan design changes, fewer employees, and a settlement charge recognized in september 2013 related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.  see "critical accounting estimates" below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs;
  a decrease of $7.6 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to a lower scope of work done during plant outages in 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013;
  a decrease of $5.9 million resulting from costs incurred in 2013 related to the now-terminated plan to spin off and merge the utility's transmission business;
379
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis a decrease of $5.1 million in implementation costs, severance costs, and curtailment and special termination
  benefits related to the human capital management strategic imperative in 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013.  see the "human capital management strategic imperative" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion; and a net decrease of $3.8 million related to baxter wilson (unit 1) repairs.  the increase in repair costs
  incurred in 2014 compared to the prior year were offset by expected insurance proceeds and the deferral of repair costs, as approved by the mpsc.  see "baxter wilson plant event" below for further discussion.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  an increase of $10 million in storm damage accruals, as approved by the mpsc, effective october 2013;
  an increase of $5.1 million in 2014 as compared to 2013 in administration fees related to participation in the miso rto;
  an increase of $4 million in regulatory, consulting, and legal fees;
  an increase of $2.3 million in distribution and transmission vegetation maintenance;
  an increase of $1.3 million due to higher write-offs of uncollectible customer accounts in 2014 as compared to 2013; and
  several individually insignificant items.
the asset write-off resulted from the $56.2 million ($36.7 million after-tax) write-off in 2014 of the regulatory asset associated with new nuclear generation development costs as a result of a joint stipulation entered into with the mississippi public utilities staff, subsequently approved by the mpsc, in which entergy mississippi agreed not to pursue recovery of the costs deferred by an mpsc order in the new nuclear generation docket. see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the new nuclear generation development costs and the joint stipulation.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes in 2014 as compared to prior year and an increase in local franchise taxes due to higher revenues.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
2013 compared to 2012
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
an increase of $30.6 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses resulting from a higher scope of work done
  during plant outages in 2013 as compared to 2012, the acquisition of the hinds plant in november 2012, and the baxter wilson (unit 1) unplanned outage in september 2013;
an increase of $7.1 million resulting from implementation costs, severance costs, and curtailment and
  special termination benefits in 2013 related to the human capital management strategic imperative.  see the
"human capital management strategic imperative" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion; and an increase of $5.9 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a decrease in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs and a settlement charge,
  recognized in september 2013, related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.  see "critical accounting estimates" below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs.
the increase was partially offset by a temporary increase in 2012 of $17.8 million in storm damage accruals, as approved by the mpsc for a five-month period effective august 2012, and several individually insignificant items.
also, other operation and maintenance expenses include $5.9 million in 2013 and $7.6 million in 2012 of costs incurred related to the now terminated plan to spin off and merge the transmission business.
380
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes as a result of a higher assessment in 2013 primarily due to the acquisition of the hinds plant in november 2012.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to an increase in plant in service, including the acquisition of the hinds plant in november 2012.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2014, 2013, and 2012 were 42.7%, 37.7%, and 55.6%, respectively. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
baxter wilson plant event on september 11, 2013, entergy mississippi's baxter wilson (unit 1) power plant experienced a significant unplanned outage event. entergy mississippi completed the repairs to the unit in december 2014. as of december 31, 2014, entergy mississippi incurred $22.3 million of capital spending and $26.6 million of operation and maintenance expenses to return the unit to service. the damage was covered by entergy mississippi's property insurance policy, subject to a $20 million deductible. as of december 31, 2014, entergy mississippi recorded an insurance receivable of $28.2 million for the amount expected to be received from its insurance policy, allocating $12.9 million of the expected insurance proceeds to capital spending and $15.3 million to operation and maintenance expenses. in june
2014, entergy mississippi filed a rate case with the mpsc, which includes recovery of the costs associated with baxter wilson (unit 1) repair activities, net of applicable insurance proceeds. in december 2014 the mpsc issued an order that provided for a deferral of $6 million in other operation and maintenance expenses associated with the baxter wilson outage and that the regulatory asset should accrue carrying costs, with amortization of the regulatory asset to occur over two years beginning in february 2015, and provided that the capital costs will be reflected in rate base. the final accounting of costs to return the unit to service and insurance proceeds will be addressed in entergy mississippi's next formula rate plan filing.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were as follows:
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning                $31        $52,970            $16
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              303,463        219,665        202,406
investing activities                             (177,765  )    (149,410  )    (391,127  )
financing activities                              (64,096  )    (123,194  )     241,675
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash           61,602        (52,939  )      52,954
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $61,633            $31        $52,970
period
381
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $83.8 million in 2014 primarily due to:
  increased recovery of fuel costs;
  the timing of collections of receivables from customers; and system agreement bandwidth remedy payments of $11.3 million received in the second quarter 2014 as a result
  of the compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's february 2014 orders related to the bandwidth payments/receipts for the june - december 2005 period.
the increase was partially offset by:
system agreement bandwidth remedy payments made in september 2014 of $16.4 million as a result of the
  compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's orders related to the bandwidth payments/receipts for the 2007 -
2009 period;
an increase of $15 million in income tax payments in 2014.  entergy mississippi had income tax payments in
  2014 and 2013 in accordance with the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the 2013 and 2014 payments resulted primarily from the reversal of temporary differences for which entergy mississippi had previously claimed a tax deduction; and an increase of $13.7 million in pension contributions in 2014 as compared to 2013.  see "critical accounting
  estimates" below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the system agreement proceedings.
net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $17.3 million in 2013 primarily due to the timing of collections of receivables from customers and a $1.5 million decrease in pension contributions in 2013 as compared to 2012. the increase was partially offset by income tax payments of $4.7 million in 2013, as discussed above, as compared to income tax refunds of $0.7 million in 2012. see "
critical accounting estimates
" below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $28.4 million in 2014 primarily due to money pool activity and an increase in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work done during plant outages in 2014 and an increase in spending on baxter wilson (unit 1) repairs in 2014. the increase was partially offset by a decrease in transmission construction expenditures as a result of a decrease in reliability work performed in 2014.
increases in entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool increased by $0.6 million in 2014 compared to decreasing by $16.9 million in 2013.
the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $241.7 million in 2013 primarily due to the payment for the purchase of hinds energy facility in november 2012 of approximately $203 million, including adjustments to the purchase price, and money pool activity. see note 15 to the financial statements for a discussion of the purchase of hinds energy facility.
decreases in entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool decreased by $16.9 million in 2013 compared to increasing by $16.9
million in 2012.
382
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis financing activities net cash flow used in financing activities decreased $59.1 million in 2014 primarily due to the issuance of $100
million of 3.75% series first mortgage bonds in march 2014 and the payment, at maturity, of $100 million of 5.15%
series first mortgage bonds in february 2013.
the decrease was partially offset by:
  the payment, prior to maturity, of $95 million of 4.95% series first mortgage bonds in april 2014;
  an increase of $54 million in common stock dividends paid in 2014 as compared to 2013; and
  money pool activity.
decreases in entergy mississippi's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy mississippi's payable to the money pool decreased by $3.5 million in 2014 compared to increasing by $3.5 million in 2013.
entergy mississippi's financing activities used $123.2 million of cash in 2013 as compared to providing $241.7
million of cash in 2012 primarily due to the payment, at maturity, of $100 million of 5.15% series first mortgage bonds in february 2013 and the issuance of $250 million of 3.1% series first mortgage bonds in december 2012.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.
capital structure entergy mississippi's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.
december 31,2014          december 31,2013
debt to capital             51.2  %                   51.4  %
effect of subtracting cash  (1.5  %)                     -  %
net debt to net capital     49.7  %                   51.4  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, capital lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.
entergy mississippi uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy mississippi's financial condition. entergy mississippi uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy mississippi's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy mississippi's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
uses of capital entergy mississippi requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt and preferred stock maturities or retirements;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
  dividend and interest payments.
383
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy mississippi's planned construction and other capital investments.
2015    2016    2017
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                   $35     $15     $20
transmission                                  70     115     180
distribution                                 125     115     100
other                                         25      15      15
total                                       $255    $260    $315
following are the amounts of entergy mississippi's existing debt obligations and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2015    2016-2017    2018-2019    after 2019     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                   $52         $222         $240        $1,245    $1,759
capital lease payments                $2           $3           $1            $-        $6
operating leases                      $7           $9           $6            $4       $26
purchase obligations (b)            $318         $563         $496        $1,033    $2,410
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy mississippi, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which is discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy mississippi currently expects to contribute approximately $22.5 million to its pension plans and approximately $535 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2015, although the 2015 required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january
1, 2015 valuations are completed by april 1, 2015. see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy mississippi has $13.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy mississippi includes amounts associated with specific investments such as environmental compliance spending;
transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; resource planning;
generation projects; system improvements; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary, entergy mississippi dividends its earnings to entergy corporation at a percentage determined monthly. entergy mississippi's long-term debt indenture restricts the amount of retained earnings available for the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred stock. as of
384
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis december 31, 2014, entergy mississippi had restricted retained earnings unavailable for distribution to entergy corporation of $68.5 million.
new nuclear generation development costs pursuant to the mississippi baseload act and the mississippi public utilities act, entergy mississippi had been developing and preserving a project option for new nuclear generation at grand gulf nuclear station. in october
2010, entergy mississippi filed an application with the mpsc requesting that the mpsc determine that it was in the public interest to preserve the option to construct new nuclear generation at grand gulf and that the mpsc approve the deferral of entergy mississippi's costs incurred to date and in the future related to this project, including the accrual of afudc or similar carrying charges. in october 2011, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff filed with the mpsc a joint stipulation that the mpsc approved in november 2011. the stipulation stated that there should be a deferral of the $57 million of costs incurred through september 2011 in connection with planning, evaluating, monitoring, and other related generation resource development activities for new nuclear generation at grand gulf.
in october 2014, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into and filed joint stipulations in entergy mississippi's general rate case proceeding, which are discussed below. in consideration of the comprehensive terms for settlement in that rate case proceeding, the mississippi public utilities staff and entergy mississippi agreed that entergy mississippi would request consolidation of the new nuclear generation development costs proceeding with the rate case proceeding for hearing purposes and will not further pursue, except as noted below, recovery of the costs deferred by mpsc order in the new nuclear generation development docket. the stipulations state, however, that, if entergy mississippi decides to move forward with nuclear development in mississippi, it can at that time re-present for consideration by the mpsc only those costs directly associated with the existing early site permit (esp), to the extent that the costs are verifiable and prudent and the esp is still valid and relevant to any such option pursued. after considering the progress of the new nuclear generation costs proceeding in light of the joint stipulation, entergy mississippi recorded in 2014 a $56.2 million pre-tax charge to recognize that the regulatory asset associated with new nuclear generation development is no longer probable of recovery. in december 2014 the mpsc issued an order accepting in their entirety the october 2014 stipulations, including the findings and terms of the stipulations regarding new nuclear generation development costs.
sources of capital entergy mississippi's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt or preferred stock issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy mississippi may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt and preferred stock prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred stock issuances by entergy mississippi require prior regulatory approval.
preferred stock and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its corporate charter, bond indenture, and other agreements. entergy mississippi has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
385
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis entergy mississippi's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2014                    2013       2012       2011
-in thousands
$644                 -$3,536    $16,878    -$1,999
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy mississippi has four separate credit facilities in the aggregate amount of $102.5 million scheduled to expire may 2015. no borrowings were outstanding under the credit facilities as of december 31, 2014 . see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities. in addition, entergy mississippi entered into an uncommitted letter of credit facility in 2013 and an uncommitted letter of credit facility in 2014
as a means to post collateral to support its obligations under miso. as of december 31, 2014 , a $14.4 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy mississippi's letter of credit facility which was issued in 2014.
entergy mississippi obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2015 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $175 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings and security issuances.
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy mississippi's short-term borrowing limits.
entergy mississippi has also obtained an order from the ferc authorizing long-term securities issuances through october 2015.
in march 2014, entergy mississippi issued $100 million of 3.75% series first mortgage bonds due july 2024. entergy mississippi used the proceeds to pay, prior to maturity, its $95 million of 4.95% series first mortgage bonds due june 2018 and for general corporate purposes.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy mississippi charges for electricity significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy mississippi is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the mpsc, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
formula rate plan in september 2009, entergy mississippi filed with the mpsc proposed modifications to its formula rate plan rider.
in march 2010 the mpsc issued an order: (1) providing the opportunity for a reset of entergy mississippi's return on common equity to a point within the formula rate plan bandwidth and eliminating the 50/50 sharing that had been in the plan, (2) modifying the performance measurement process, and (3) replacing the revenue change limit of two percent of revenues, which was subject to a $14.5 million revenue adjustment cap, with a limit of four percent of revenues, although any adjustment above two percent requires a hearing before the mpsc. the mpsc did not approve entergy mississippi's request to use a projected test year for its annual scheduled formula rate plan filing and, therefore, entergy mississippi continued to use a historical test year for its annual evaluation reports under the plan.
in march 2012, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan filing for the 2011 test year. the filing shows an earned return on common equity of 10.92% for the test year, which is within the earnings bandwidth and results in no change in rates. in february 2013 the mpsc approved a joint stipulation between entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff that provided for no change in rates.
in march 2013, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan filing for the 2012 test year. the filing requested a $36.3 million revenue increase to reset entergy mississippi's return on common equity to 10.55%, which is a point within the formula rate plan bandwidth. in june 2013, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into a joint stipulation, in which both parties agreed that the mpsc should approve a $22.3
million rate
386
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis increase for entergy mississippi which, with other adjustments reflected in the stipulation, would have the effect of resetting entergy mississippi's return on common equity to 10.59% when adjusted for performance under the formula rate plan. in august 2013 the mpsc approved the joint stipulation between entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff authorizing the rate increase effective with september 2013 bills. additionally, the mpsc authorized entergy mississippi to defer approximately $1.2 million in miso-related implementation costs incurred in 2012 along with other miso-related implementation costs incurred in 2013.
in june 2014, entergy mississippi filed its first general rate case before the mpsc in almost 12 years. the rate filing laid out entergy mississippi's plans for improving reliability, modernizing the grid, maintaining its workforce, stabilizing rates, utilizing new technologies, and attracting new industry to its service territory.
entergy mississippi requested a net increase in revenue of $49 million for bills rendered during calendar year
2015, including $30 million resulting from new depreciation rates to update the estimated service life of assets.
in addition, the filing proposed, among other things: 1) realigning cost recovery of the attala and hinds power plant acquisitions from the power management rider to base rates; 2) including certain miso-related revenues and expenses in the power management rider; 3) power management rider changes that reflect the changes in costs and revenues that will accompany entergy mississippi's withdrawal from participation in the system agreement; and 4) a formula rate plan forward test year to allow for known changes in expenses and revenues for the rate effective period. entergy mississippi proposed maintaining the current authorized return on common equity of 10.59%.
in october 2014, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into and filed joint stipulations that addressed the majority of issues in the proceeding. the stipulations provided for:
  an approximate$16 millionnet increase in revenues, which reflected an agreed upon10.07%return on common equity;
revision of entergy mississippi's formula rate plan by providing entergy mississippi with the ability to reflect known and measurable changes to historical rate base and certain expense amounts; resolving
  uncertainty around and obviating the need for an additional rate filing in connection with entergy mississippi's withdrawal from participation in the system agreement; updating depreciation rates; and moving costs associated with the attala and hinds generating plants from the power management rider to base rates;
  recovery of non-fuel miso-related costs through a separate rider for that purpose;
a deferral of $6 million in other operation and maintenance expenses associated with the baxter wilson outage and a determination that the regulatory asset should accrue carrying costs, with amortization of the
  regulatory asset over two years beginning in february 2015, and a provision that the capital costs will be reflected in rate base.  see "baxter wilson plant event" above for further discussion of the baxter wilson outage; and consolidation of the new nuclear generation development costs proceeding with the general rate case proceeding for hearing purposes and a determination that entergy mississippi would not further pursue, except as noted below, recovery of the costs that were approved for deferral by the mpsc in november 2011.
the stipulations state, however, that, if entergy mississippi decides to move forward with nuclear
  development in mississippi, it can at that time re-present for consideration by the mpsc only those costs directly associated with the existing early site permit (esp), to the extent that the costs are verifiable and prudent and the esp is still valid and relevant to any such option pursued.  see "new nuclear generation development costs" above for further discussion of the new nuclear generation development costs proceeding and subsequent write-off in 2014 of the regulatory asset related to those costs.
in december 2014 the mpsc issued an order accepting the stipulations in their entirety and approving the revenue adjustments and rate changes effective with february 2015 bills.
in august 2012 the mpsc opened inquiries to review whether the current formulaic methodology used to calculate the return on common equity in both entergy mississippi's formula rate plan and mississippi power company's annual formula rate plan is still appropriate or can be improved to better serve the public interest. the intent of this inquiry and review was for informational purposes only; the evaluation of any recommendations for changes to the existing methodology would take place in a general rate case or in the existing formula rate plan docket. in march
387
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis
2013 the mississippi public utilities staff filed its consultant's report which noted the return on common equity estimation methods used by entergy mississippi and mississippi power company are commonly used throughout the electric utility industry. the report suggested ways in which the methods used by entergy mississippi and mississippi power company might be improved, but did not recommend specific changes in the return on common equity formulas or calculations at that time. in june 2014 the mpsc expanded the scope of the august 2012 inquiry to study the merits of adopting a uniform formula rate plan that could be applied, where possible in whole or in part, to both entergy mississippi and mississippi power company in order to achieve greater consistency in the plans. the mpsc directed the mississippi public utilities staff to investigate and review entergy mississippi's formula rate plan rider schedule and mississippi power company's performance evaluation plan by considering the merits and deficiencies and possibilities for improvement of each and then to propose a uniform formula rate plan that, where possible, could be applicable to both companies. no procedural schedule has been set. in october 2014 the mississippi public utilities staff conducted a public technical conference to discuss performance benchmarking and its potential application to the electric utilities' formula rate plans.
in entergy mississippi's 2014 general rate case, the mississippi public utilities staff conducted a review of entergy mississippi's proposed changes to its formula rate plan and recommended changes in that proceeding that may be duplicative of the review being conducted simultaneously in the above-described formula rate plan docket.
consequently, the mpsc found in the general rate case order that the changes to entergy mississippi's formula rate plan schedule approved in that order are just and reasonable and should remain unchanged by any mpsc action in the above-described formula rate plan docket, but that any provisions of entergy mississippi's formula rate plan schedule not specifically addressed in the general rate case order may be reviewed and changed.
fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy mississippi's rate schedules include an energy cost recovery rider that, effective january 1, 2013, is adjusted annually to reflect accumulated over- or under-recoveries. entergy mississippi's fuel cost recoveries are subject to annual audits conducted pursuant to the authority of the mpsc.
entergy mississippi had a deferred fuel balance of $60.4 million as of march 31, 2014. in may 2014, entergy mississippi filed for an interim adjustment under its energy cost recovery rider. the interim adjustment proposed a net energy cost factor designed to collect over a six-month period the under-recovered deferred fuel balance as of march 31, 2014 and also reflected a natural gas price of $4.50 per mmbtu. in may 2014, entergy mississippi and the public utilities staff entered into a joint stipulation in which entergy mississippi agreed to a revised net energy cost factor that reflected the proposed interim adjustment with a reduction in costs recovered through the energy cost recovery rider associated with the suspension of the doe nuclear waste storage fee. in june 2014 the mpsc approved the joint stipulation and allowed entergy mississippi's interim adjustment. in november 2014, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. due to lower gas prices and a lower deferred fuel balance, the redetermined annual factor was a decrease from the revised interim net energy cost factor. in january 2015 the mpsc approved the redetermined annual factor effective january 30, 2015.
mississippi attorney general complaint the mississippi attorney general filed a complaint in state court in december 2008 against entergy corporation, entergy mississippi, entergy services, and entergy power alleging, among other things, violations of mississippi statutes, fraud, and breach of good faith and fair dealing, and requesting an accounting and restitution. the complaint is wide ranging and relates to tariffs and procedures under which entergy mississippi purchases power not generated in mississippi to meet electricity demand. entergy believes the complaint is unfounded. in december 2008
the defendant entergy companies removed the attorney general's lawsuit to u.s. district court in jackson, mississippi. the mississippi attorney general moved to remand the matter to state court. in august 2012 the district court issued an opinion denying the attorney general's motion for remand, finding that the district court has subject matter jurisdiction under the class action fairness act.
388
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis the defendant entergy companies answered the complaint and filed a counterclaim for relief based upon the mississippi public utilities act and the federal power act. in may 2009 the defendant entergy companies filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings asserting grounds of federal preemption, the exclusive jurisdiction of the mpsc, and factual errors in the attorney general's complaint. in september 2012 the district court heard oral argument on entergy's motion for judgment on the pleadings. the district court's ruling on the motion for judgment on the pleadings is pending.
in january 2014 the u.s. supreme court issued a decision in which it held that cases brought by attorneys general as the sole plaintiff to enforce state laws were not subject to the federal law that allowed federal courts to hear those cases as "mass action" lawsuits. one day later the attorney general renewed its motion to remand the entergy case back to state court, citing the u.s. supreme court's decision. the defendant entergy companies have responded to that motion and the district court held oral argument on the motion to remand in february 2014. entergy also has asserted federal question jurisdiction as a basis for the district court having jurisdiction and also has pending the motion for judgment on the pleadings.
storm damage accrual and storm cost recovery in two orders issued in july 2012 the mpsc temporarily increased entergy mississippi's storm damage provision monthly accrual from $0.75 million to $2 million for bills rendered during the billing months of august 2012
through december 2012, and approved recovery of $14.9 million in prudently incurred storm costs to be amortized over five months, beginning with august 2012 bills.
in august 2012, hurricane isaac caused damage to entergy mississippi's service area. the storm resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage primarily to distribution infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the power outages. total restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of entergy mississippi's electric facilities damaged by hurricane isaac were $22 million.
on july 1, 2013, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into a joint stipulation, wherein both parties agreed that approximately $32 million in storm restoration costs incurred in 2011 and 2012
were prudently incurred and chargeable to the storm damage provision, while approximately $700,000 in prudently incurred costs were more properly recoverable through the formula rate plan. entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff also agreed that the storm damage accrual should be increased from $750,000 per month to $1.75 million per month. in september 2013 the mpsc approved the joint stipulation with the increase in the storm damage accrual effective with october 2013 bills. in february 2015, entergy mississippi provided notice to the mississippi public utilities staff that the storm damage accrual would be set to zero effective with the march 2015 billing cycle as a result of entergy mississippi's storm damage accrual balance exceeding $15 million as of january 31, 2015, but will return to its current level when the storm damage accrual balance becomes less than
$10 million.
federal regulation see " entergy's integration into the miso regional transmission organization ," " system agreement ," and " u.s.
department of justice investigation " in the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of these topics.
nuclear matters see the "
nuclear matters
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
389
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis environmental risks entergy mississippi's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy mississippi is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy mississippi's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of entergy mississippi's financial position or results of operations.
unbilled revenue as discussed in note 1 to the financial statements, entergy mississippi records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. the difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. the estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy mississippi's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected qualified benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in             impact on 2014                         impact on 2014
actuarial assumption                assumption    qualified pension cost            projected qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                       -0.25%                          $906                                $14,873
rate of return on plan assets       -0.25%                          $671                                     $-
rate of increase in compensation    0.25%                           $361                                 $2,205
390
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in                  impact on 2014    impact on 2014 accumulated actuarial assumption      assumption    postretirement benefit cost        postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                               $225                        $2,925
health care cost trend    0.25%                                $377                        $2,531
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy mississippi in 2014 was $10 million. entergy mississippi anticipates 2015
qualified pension cost to be $16.4 million. entergy mississippi contributed $21.8 million to its qualified pension plans in 2014 and estimates 2015 pension contributions to be approximately $22.5 million, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015 valuations are completed by april 1, 2015.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy mississippi in 2014 was $982
thousand. entergy mississippi expects 2015 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $758 thousand. entergy mississippi contributed $8.5 million to its other postretirement plans in 2014
and expects to contribute $535 thousand in 2015.
the retirement and mortality rate assumptions are reviewed every three-to-five years as part of an actuarial study that compares these assumptions to the actual experience of the pension and other postretirement plans. the 2014
actuarial study reviewed plan experience from 2010 through 2013. as a result of the 2014 actuarial study and the issuance of new mortality tables in october 2014 by the society of actuaries, changes were made to reflect modified demographic pattern expectations as well as longer life expectancies. these changes are reflected in the december
31, 2014 financial disclosures. adoption of the new mortality assumptions for 2015 resulted in an increase at december 31, 2014 of $33.5 million in the qualified pension benefit obligation and $4.6 million in the accumulated postretirement obligation. the new mortality assumptions increased anticipated 2015 qualified pension cost by approximately $4.8 million and other postretirement cost by approximately $0.6 million. pension funding guidelines, as established by the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended and the internal revenue code of
1986, as amended, are not expected to incorporate the october 2014 society of actuaries new mortality assumptions until after 2015, possibly 2016.
federal healthcare legislation see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis.
391
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis
(page left blank intentionally)
392
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors and shareholders of entergy mississippi, inc.
jackson, mississippi we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of entergy mississippi, inc. (the "company") as of december 31,
2014 and 2013, and the related income statements, statements of cash flows, and statements of changes in common equity (pages 394 through 398 and applicable items in pages 61 through 234) for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014. these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. an audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. an audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
in our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of entergy mississippi, inc. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
393
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
income statements for the years ended december 31,
2014             2013             2012
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $1,524,193       $1,334,540       $1,120,366
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                  325,643          328,934          227,133
purchased for resale purchased power                                                    493,533          375,745          320,923
other operation and                                                256,339          261,832          244,722
maintenance asset write-off                                                     56,225                -                -
taxes other than                                                    87,936           83,630           75,006
income taxes depreciation and                                                   113,903          108,714           97,768
amortization other regulatory charges (credits) -                                                  3,854          (14,545  )        (5,701  )
net total                                                            1,337,433        1,144,310          959,851
operating income                                                   186,760          190,230          160,515
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                    2,380            2,182            3,955
construction interest and                                                         1,055              817              170
investment income miscellaneous - net                                                 (3,905  )        (3,821  )        (3,951  )
total                                                                 (470  )          (822  )           174
interest expense interest expense                                                    57,002           59,031           57,345
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                   (1,243  )        (1,539  )        (2,103  )
construction total                                                               55,759           57,492           55,242
income before income                                               130,531          131,916          105,447
taxes income taxes                                                        55,710           49,757           58,679
net income                                                          74,821           82,159           46,768
preferred dividend requirements and                                                     2,828            2,828            2,828
other earnings applicable to                                             $71,993          $79,331          $43,940
common stock see notes to financial statements.
394
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                             $74,821        $82,159        $46,768
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation and                                                       113,903        108,714         97,768
amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                            32,472         47,878         58,221
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                            (27,444  )     (31,647  )      42,222
fuel inventory                                                           6,163           (121  )      (6,202  )
accounts payable                                                       (14,618  )      38,727         (3,796  )
taxes accrued                                                              318            920          6,791
interest accrued                                                         2,789          2,157         (3,324  )
deferred fuel costs                                                     40,251        (11,567  )     (42,331  )
other working capital                                                   17,567        (12,820  )      (6,859  )
accounts provisions for                                                          14,468           (146  )      (2,469  )
estimated losses other regulatory assets                                                (36,875  )      87,907         (6,501  )
pension and other postretirement                                                          68,434        (94,143  )      16,782
liabilities other assets and                                                        11,214          1,647          5,336
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           303,463        219,665        202,406
activities investing activities construction                                                          (179,544  )    (168,510  )    (175,544  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                        2,380          2,182          3,955
construction payment for purchase of                                                      -              -       (202,668  )
plant change in money pool                                                      (644  )      16,878        (16,878  )
receivable - net other                                                                       43             40              8
net cash flow used in investing                                                             (177,765  )    (149,410  )    (391,127  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                   98,668              -        246,502
debt retirement of long-term                                                (95,000  )    (116,030  )           -
debt change in money pool                                                    (3,536  )       3,536         (1,999  )
payable - net dividends paid:
common stock                                                           (61,400  )      (7,400  )           -
preferred stock                                                         (2,828  )      (2,828  )      (2,828  )
other                                                                        -           (472  )           -
net cash flow provided by (used in)                                                           (64,096  )    (123,194  )     241,675
financing activities net increase (decrease)
in cash and cash                                                        61,602        (52,939  )      52,954
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                              31         52,970             16
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $61,633            $31        $52,970
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                      $51,509        $54,120        $58,043
amount capitalized income taxes                                                           $19,650         $4,657          ($696  )
see notes to financial statements.
395
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
balance sheets assets december 31,
2014             2013
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                          $1,223              $22
temporary cash investments                                                    60,410                9
total cash and cash equivalents                                               61,633               31
accounts receivable:
customer                                                                      78,593           76,534
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                 (873  )          (906  )
associated companies                                                          21,233           13,794
other                                                                         42,009            9,117
accrued unbilled revenues                                                     43,374           44,777
total accounts receivable                                                    184,336          143,316
deferred fuel costs                                                                -           38,057
accumulated deferred income taxes                                              5,198                -
fuel inventory - at average cost                                              42,736           48,899
materials and supplies - at average cost                                      37,741           40,849
prepayments and other                                                          7,315           19,813
total                                                                        338,959          290,965
other property and investments non-utility property - at cost (less                                           4,642            4,670
accumulated depreciation)
escrow accounts                                                               41,752           51,795
total                                                                         46,394           56,465
utility plant electric                                                                   3,999,918        3,875,737
property under capital lease                                                   4,185            5,329
construction work in progress                                                 67,514           37,316
total utility plant                                                        4,071,617        3,918,382
less - accumulated depreciation and                                        1,516,540        1,413,484
amortization utility plant - net                                                        2,555,077        2,504,898
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes - net                                       49,306           58,716
other regulatory assets                                                      364,747          318,462
other                                                                         19,121           20,819
total                                                                        433,174          397,997
total assets                                                              $3,373,604       $3,250,325
see notes to financial statements.
396
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2014             2013
-in thousands current liabilities accounts payable:
associated companies                                                         $49,832          $74,144
other                                                                         63,300           52,129
customer deposits                                                             77,753           74,211
taxes accrued                                                                 53,565           53,247
accumulated deferred income taxes                                                  -           15,413
interest accrued                                                              23,172           20,383
deferred fuel costs                                                            2,194                -
other                                                                         17,533           19,021
total                                                                        287,349          308,548
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                        800,374          746,939
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                            6,370            8,530
credits asset retirement cost liabilities                                              6,786            6,401
accumulated provisions                                                        50,142           35,674
pension and other postretirement                                             135,156           66,722
liabilities long-term debt                                                             1,058,838        1,053,670
other                                                                         16,038           21,883
total                                                                      2,073,704        1,939,819
commitments and contingencies preferred stock without sinking fund                                          50,381           50,381
common equity common stock, no par value, authorized
12,000,000 shares; issued and                                                199,326          199,326
outstanding 8,666,357 shares in 2014 and
2013
capital stock expense and other                                                 (690  )          (690  )
retained earnings                                                            763,534          752,941
total                                                                        962,170          951,577
total liabilities and equity                                              $3,373,604       $3,250,325
see notes to financial statements.
397
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december
31, 2014, 2013, and 2012

common equity common stock    capital stock                   retained          total expense and other               earnings
-in thousands balance at december 31,                             $199,326    ($690              )            $637,070       $835,706
2011
net income                                      -    -                                 46,768         46,768
preferred stock                                 -    -                                 (2,828  )      (2,828  )
dividends balance at december 31,                             $199,326    ($690              )            $681,010       $879,646
2012
net income                                      -    -                                 82,159         82,159
common stock                                    -    -                                 (7,400  )      (7,400  )
dividends preferred stock                                 -    -                                 (2,828  )      (2,828  )
dividends balance at december 31,                             $199,326    ($690              )            $752,941       $951,577
2013
net income                                      -    -                                 74,821         74,821
common stock                                    -    -                                (61,400  )     (61,400  )
dividends preferred stock                                 -    -                                 (2,828  )      (2,828  )
dividends balance at december 31,                             $199,326    ($690              )            $763,534       $962,170
2014
see notes to financial statements.
398
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
selected financial data - five-year comparison
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-in thousands operating                                    $1,524,193    $1,334,540    $1,120,366    $1,266,470    $1,232,922
revenues net income                                      $74,821       $82,159       $46,768      $108,729       $85,377
total assets                                 $3,373,604    $3,250,325    $3,354,027    $2,943,394    $2,772,778
long-term                                    $1,112,161    $1,108,236    $1,125,229      $978,932      $806,506
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt), non-current capital lease obligations, and preferred stock without sinking fund.
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $585          $527          $454          $490          $509
commercial                                          481           432           381           401           406
industrial                                          175           156           140           146           145
governmental                                         47            42            37            37            38
total retail                                      1,288         1,157         1,012         1,074         1,098
sales for resale:
associated                                          153            92            23           104            55
companies non-associated                                       14            24            24            27            33
companies other                                                69            62            61            61            47
total                                            $1,524        $1,335        $1,120        $1,266        $1,233
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       5,672         5,629         5,550         5,848         6,077
commercial                                        4,821         4,815         4,915         4,985         5,000
industrial                                        2,297         2,265         2,400         2,326         2,250
governmental                                        414           409           408           415           416
total retail                                     13,204        13,118        13,273        13,574        13,743
sales for resale:
associated                                        2,657         1,543           232           431           268
companies non-associated                                      193           304           265           332           402
companies total                                            16,054        14,965        13,770        14,337        14,413
399
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management
'
s financial discussion and analysis algiers asset transfer in october 2014, entergy louisiana and entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to undertake a transaction that would result in the transfer from entergy louisiana to entergy new orleans of certain assets that currently support the provision of service to entergy louisiana's customers in algiers. the transaction is expected to result in the transfer of net assets of approximately $60 million. the algiers asset transfer is also subject to regulatory review and approval of the ferc. entergy louisiana also filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to undertake the entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana business combination. the application provides that if the city council approves the algiers asset transfer before the business combination occurs, the city council may not need to issue a public interest finding regarding the business combination. if the necessary approvals are obtained from the city council and the ferc, entergy louisiana expects to transfer the algiers assets to entergy new orleans in the second half of 2015. in november 2014 the city council approved a resolution establishing a procedural schedule that provides for a hearing on the joint application in late-may 2015, with a decision to be rendered no later than june 2015.
results of operations net income
2014 compared to 2013
net income increased $17 million primarily due to higher net revenue and lower other operation and maintenance expenses, partially offset by a higher effective income tax rate.
2013 compared to 2012
net income decreased $5.4 million primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher taxes other than income taxes, and higher interest expense, partially offset by higher net revenue and a lower effective income tax rate.
net revenue
2014 compared to 2013
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2014 to 2013.
amount
-in millions
2013 net revenue              $249.2
volume/weather                   4.5
net gas revenue                  3.5
transmission revenue             1.4
other                            1.5
2014 net revenue              $260.1
400
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 125 gwh, or 2%, in billed electricity usage, primarily in the residential and commercial sectors, including the effect of favorable weather on residential sales in 2014 as compared to the prior year and a 2% increase in the average number of electric customers.
the net gas revenue variance is primarily due to the effect of favorable weather, primarily in the residential and commercial sectors, in 2014 as compared to the prior year.
the transmission revenue variance is primarily due to changes as a result of participation in the miso rto in 2014.
2013 compared to 2012
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2013 to 2012.
amount
-in millions
2012 net revenue               $237.9
volume/weather                    6.6
rider revenue                     2.7
net gas revenue                   2.6
retail electric price            (1.9  )
other                             1.3
2013 net revenue               $249.2
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 125 gwh, or 3%, in billed electricity usage in the residential and commercial sectors primarily due to the effects of hurricane isaac, which decreased sales volume in
2012, and in part to a 2% increase in the average number of both residential and commercial customers.
the rider revenue variance is primarily due to an increase in franchise tax rider revenue as a result of higher retail revenues. there is a corresponding increase in taxes other than income taxes, resulting in no effect on net income.
the net gas revenue variance is primarily due to the effect of more favorable weather, primarily in the residential and commercial sectors, in 2013 as compared to prior year.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a formula rate plan decrease effective september 2013. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan filing.
other income statement variances
2014 compared to 2013
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
a decrease of $7.7 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to an increase in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs, other postretirement
  benefit plan design changes, fewer employees, and a settlement charge recognized in september 2013 related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.  see "critical accounting estimates" below and  note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs;
401
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis
  a decrease of $6.7 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses due to an overall lower scope of work done during plant outages as compared to prior year; and
  a decrease of $2.4 million in outside regulatory consultant fees.
2013 compared to 2012
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
  an increase of $9 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses due to an overall higher scope of work done during plant outages as compared to prior year;
an increase of $4.4 million resulting from implementation costs, severance costs, and curtailment and
  special termination benefits in 2013 related to the human capital management strategic imperative.  see the
"human capital management strategic imperative" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion; and an increase of $3.1 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a decrease in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs and a settlement charge
  recognized in september 2013 related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.  see "critical accounting estimates" below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $3 million in loss reserves and a decrease of $1.5 million due to expenses recorded in 2012 related to the energy smart program.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in local franchise taxes resulting from higher electric and gas retail revenues as compared to prior year and an increase in ad valorem taxes resulting from higher assessments. franchise taxes have no effect on net income as these taxes are recovered through the franchise tax rider.
interest expense increased primarily due to the issuance of $100 million of 3.90% series first mortgage bonds in june 2013 and the issuance of $30 million of 5.00% series first mortgage bonds in november 2012, partially offset by the retirement, at maturity, of $70 million of 5.25% series first mortgage bonds in august 2013.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2014, 2013, and 2012 were 30%, 12.2%, and 29.8%, respectively. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
402
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were as follows:
2014          2013          2012
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning            $33,489        $9,391        $9,834
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                               81,064        86,326        52,089
investing activities                              (64,514  )    (89,666  )    (78,040  )
financing activities                               (7,650  )     27,438        25,508
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash            8,900        24,098          (443  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $42,389       $33,489        $9,391
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $5.3 million in 2014 primarily due to the payment of calendar year 2012 system agreement bandwidth remedy payments of $15 million to the city of new orleans in june
2014 for use in the streetlight conversion program, as directed by the city council, an increase of $6.3 million in pension contributions, and income tax payments of $4.9 million in 2014 compared to income tax refunds of $1.4
million in 2013. the decrease in cash flow was offset by the timing of collections from customers. see
"
critical accountings estimates
"
below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $34.2 million in 2013 primarily due to the increased recovery of fuel costs and decreased hurricane isaac storm spending in 2013, partially offset by a decrease of $11.5 million in income tax refunds. the income tax refunds of $13 million in 2012 resulted primarily from a decrease of previously estimated 2011 taxable income due to the recognition of additional bonus depreciation.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $25.2 million in 2014 primarily due to:
  a decrease in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to spending on the michoud turbine blade replacement projects in 2013;
  a decrease in transmission construction expenditures as a result of decreased scope of work in 2014; and
  money pool activity.
the decrease was partially offset by receipts from the storm reserve escrow account of $7.8 million in 2013.
decreases in entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool decreased $4.3 million in 2014 compared to increasing $1.8 million in
2013. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
403
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis net cash flow used in investing activities increased $11.6 million in 2013 primarily due to:
  money pool activity;
  an increase in transmission construction expenditures as a result of additional reliability work performed in 2013; and
  an increase in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures as a result of increased scope of work in
2013.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease in distribution construction expenditures due to higher spending related to hurricane isaac in 2012.
increases in entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool increased $1.8 million in 2013 compared to decreasing $6.2 million in 2012.
financing activities entergy new orleans's financing activities used $7.7 million of cash in 2014 compared to providing $27.4 million of cash in 2013 primarily due to the issuance of $100 million of 3.9% series first mortgage bonds in june 2013 and $6
million in common stock dividends paid in 2014, partially offset by the retirement of $70 million of 5.25% series first mortgage bonds in august 2013.
net cash provided by financing activities increased $1.9 million in 2013 primarily due to the issuance of $100
million of 3.90% series first mortgage bonds in june 2013 compared to the issuance of $30 million of 5.0% series first mortgage bonds in november 2012. the increase was substantially offset by the retirement of $70 million of
5.25% series first mortgage bonds in august 2013.
see note 5 to the financial statements for more details on long-term debt.
capital structure entergy new orleans's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt as shown in the following table. the decrease in debt to capital ratio is due to an increase in retained earnings.
december 31,2014          december 31,2013
debt to capital             47.7  %                   50.0  %
effect of subtracting cash  (5.2  %)                  (4.0  %)
net debt to net capital     42.5  %                   46.0  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy new orleans uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy new orleans's financial condition. entergy new orleans uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluation entergy new orleans's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy new orleans's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents.
404
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis uses of capital entergy new orleans requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs;
  debt and preferred stock maturities or retirements; and
  dividend payments.
following are the amounts of entergy new orleans's planned construction and other capital investments.
2015    2016    2017
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                    $-      $-     $40
transmission                                  15      10       5
distribution                                  35      25      25
other                                         25      30      25
total                                        $75     $65     $95
following are the amounts of entergy new orleans's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2015    2016-2017    2018-2019    after 2019     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                   $11          $21          $21          $320      $373
operating leases                      $2           $4           $2            $2       $10
purchase obligations (b)            $215         $425         $397          $579    $1,616
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy new orleans, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which is discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy new orleans currently expects to contribute approximately $10.9 million to its pension plan in 2015, and approximately $3.7 million to other postretirement plans in 2015, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january
1, 2015 valuations are completed by april 1, 2015. see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy new orleans has $33 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy new orleans includes specific investments such as environmental compliance spending; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; resource planning; generation projects; system improvements; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance,
405
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy corporation, entergy new orleans pays dividends from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. entergy new orleans's long-term debt indenture contains restrictions on the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred stock.
sources of capital entergy new orleans's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt and preferred stock issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy new orleans may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt and preferred stock prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
entergy new orleans's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2014                   2013      2012      2011
-in thousands
$442                 $4,737    $2,923    $9,074
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy new orleans has a credit facility in the amount of $25 million scheduled to expire in november 2015. no borrowings were outstanding under the facility as of december 31, 2014. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facility. in addition, entergy new orleans entered into an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations under miso. as of december 31, 2014, an
$8.1 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy new orleans's letter of credit facility.
entergy new orleans obtained authorization from the ferc through october 2015 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $100 million at any time outstanding. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy new orleans's short-term borrowing limits. the long-term securities issuances of entergy new orleans are limited to amounts authorized by the city council, and the current authorization extends through july 2016.
entergy louisiana's ninemile point unit 6 self-build project in june 2011, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc an application seeking certification that the public necessity and convenience would be served by entergy louisiana's construction of a combined-cycle gas turbine generating facility (ninemile 6) at its existing ninemile point electric generating station. ninemile 6 is a nominally-sized
560 mw unit that is expected to cost approximately $655 million to construct when spending is complete, excluding interconnection and transmission upgrades. entergy gulf states louisiana joined in the application, seeking certification of its purchase under a life-of-unit power purchase agreement of up to 25% of the capacity and energy generated by ninemile 6. the ninemile 6 capacity and energy is allocated 55% to entergy louisiana, 25% to entergy gulf states louisiana, and 20% to entergy new orleans. in february 2012 the city council passed a resolution authorizing entergy new orleans to purchase 20% of the ninemile 6 energy and capacity. in march 2012 the lpsc
406
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis unanimously voted to grant the certifications requested by entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana.
following approval by the lpsc, entergy louisiana issued full notice to proceed to the project's engineering, procurement, and construction contractor. under terms approved by the city council, non-fuel costs associated with ninemile 6 may be recovered through a special rider for that purpose. the unit was placed in service in december
2014.
state and local rate regulation the rates that entergy new orleans charges for electricity and natural gas significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy new orleans is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the city council, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
rate cases and formula rate plans in april 2009 the city council approved a three-year formula rate plan for entergy new orleans, with terms including an 11.1% benchmark electric return on common equity (roe) with a +/-40 basis point bandwidth and a 10.75%
benchmark gas roe with a +/-50 basis point bandwidth. earnings outside the bandwidth reset to the midpoint benchmark roe, with rates changing on a prospective basis depending on whether entergy new orleans was over- or under-earning. the formula rate plan also included a recovery mechanism for city council-approved capacity additions, plus provisions for extraordinary cost changes and force majeure events.
in may 2012, entergy new orleans filed its electric and gas formula rate plan evaluation reports for the 2011 test year. subsequent adjustments agreed upon with the city council advisors indicate a $4.9 million electric base revenue increase and a $0.05 million gas base revenue increase as necessary under the formula rate plan. as part of the original filing, entergy new orleans also requested to increase annual funding for its storm reserve by approximately $5.7 million for five years. on september 26, 2012, entergy new orleans made a filing with the city council that implemented the $4.9 million electric formula rate plan rate increase and the $0.05 million gas formula rate plan rate increase. the new rates were effective with the first billing cycle in october 2012. in august 2013 the city council unanimously approved a settlement of all issues in the formula rate plan proceeding.
pursuant to the terms of the settlement, entergy new orleans implemented an approximately $1.625 million net decrease to the electric rates that were in effect prior to the electric rate increase implemented in october 2012, with no change in gas rates. entergy new orleans refunded to customers approximately $6 million over the four-month period from september 2013 through december 2013 to make the electric rate decrease effective as of the first billing cycle of october 2012. entergy new orleans had previously recorded provisions for the majority of the refund to customers, but recorded an additional $1.1 million provision in second quarter 2013 as a result of the settlement. entergy new orleans's formula rate plan ended with the 2011 test year and has not been extended.
entergy new orleans is recovering the costs of its power purchase agreement with entergy louisiana for 20% of the capacity and energy of the ninemile unit 6 generating station, which commenced operation in december 2014, through a special ninemile unit 6 rider.
a 2008 rate case settlement included $3.1 million per year in electric rates to fund the energy smart energy efficiency programs. in september 2009 the city council approved the energy efficiency programs filed by entergy new orleans. the rate settlement provides an incentive for entergy new orleans to meet or exceed energy savings targets set by the city council and provides a mechanism for entergy new orleans to recover lost contribution to fixed costs associated with the energy savings generated from the energy efficiency programs. in october 2013 the city council approved the extension of the current energy smart program through december 2014. the city council approved the use of $3.5 million of rough production cost equalization funds for program costs. in addition, entergy new orleans will be allowed to recover its lost contribution to fixed costs and to earn an incentive for meeting program goals. in january 2015 the city council approved extending the energy smart program through march
2015 and using $1.2 million of rough production cost equalization funds to cover program costs for the extended period. additionally, the city council approved funding for the energy smart 2 programs from april 2015 through march 2017 using the
407
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis remainder of the approximately $12.4 million of 2014 rough production cost equalization funds, and with any remaining costs being recovered through the fuel adjustment clause.
storm cost recovery in october 2006, the city council approved a rate filing settlement agreement that, among other things, authorized a $75 million storm reserve for damage from future storms, which will be created over a ten-year period through a storm reserve rider that began in march 2007. these storm reserve funds are held in a restricted escrow account until needed in response to a storm.
in august 2012, hurricane isaac caused extensive damage to entergy new orleans's service area. the storm resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage primarily to distribution infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the power outages. total restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of entergy new orleans's electric facilities damaged by hurricane isaac were $47.3 million . entergy new orleans withdrew $17.4 million from the storm reserve escrow account to partially offset these costs. in february 2014, entergy new orleans made a filing with the city council seeking certification of the hurricane isaac costs. in january 2015 the city council issued a resolution approving the terms of a joint agreement in principle filed by entergy new orleans, entergy louisiana, and the city council advisors determining, among other things, that entergy new orleans's prudently-
incurred storm recovery costs were $49.3 million, of which $31.7 million, net of reimbursements from the storm reserve escrow account, remains recoverable from entergy new orleans's electric customers. the resolution also directs entergy new orleans to file an application to securitize the unrecovered council-approved storm recovery costs of $31.7 million pursuant to the louisiana electric utility storm recovery securitization act (louisiana act
64). in addition, the resolution found that it is reasonable for entergy new orleans to include in the principal amount of its potential securitization the costs to fund and replenish entergy new orleans's storm reserve in an amount that achieves the council-approved funding level of $75 million. in january 2015, in compliance with that directive, entergy new orleans filed with the city council an application requesting that the city council grant a financing order authorizing the financing of entergy new orleans's storm costs, storm reserves, and issuance costs pursuant to louisiana act 64.
federal regulation see " entergy's integration into the miso regional transmission organization ," " system agreement ," and " u.s.
department of justice investigation " in the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of these topics.
nuclear matters see the "
nuclear matters
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
environmental risks entergy new orleans's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy new orleans is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
408
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy new orleans's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of entergy new orleans's financial position or results of operations.
unbilled revenue as discussed in note 1 to the financial statements, entergy new orleans records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. the difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. the estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy new orleans's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in             impact on 2014                         impact on 2014
actuarial assumption                assumption    qualified pension cost            projected qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                       -0.25%                          $451                                 $7,348
rate of return on plan assets       -0.25%                          $295                                     $-
rate of increase in compensation    0.25%                           $175                                 $1,092
409
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in                  impact on 2014    impact on 2014 accumulated actuarial assumption      assumption    postretirement benefit cost        postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                $79                        $1,813
health care cost trend    0.25%                                $210                        $1,537
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy new orleans in 2014 was $6.6 million. entergy new orleans anticipates 2015
qualified pension cost to be $9 million. entergy new orleans contributed $10.5 million to its pension plans in 2014
and estimates 2015 pension contributions to be approximately $10.9 million, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015 valuations are completed by april 1,
2015.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy new orleans in 2014 was $1.5
million. entergy new orleans expects 2015 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $1.6 million. entergy new orleans contributed $4.3 million to its other postretirement plans in 2014
and expects to contribute $3.7 million in 2015.
the retirement and mortality rate assumptions are reviewed every three-to-five years as part of an actuarial study that compares these assumptions to the actual experience of the pension and other postretirement plans. the 2014
actuarial study reviewed plan experience from 2010 through 2013. as a result of the 2014 actuarial study and the issuance of new mortality tables in october 2014 by the society of actuaries, changes were made to reflect modified demographic pattern expectations as well as longer life expectancies. these changes are reflected in the december
31, 2014 financial disclosures. adoption of the new mortality assumptions for 2015 resulted in an increase at december 31, 2014 of $15 million in the qualified pension benefit obligation and $3.6 million in the accumulated postretirement obligation. the new mortality assumptions increased anticipated 2015 qualified pension cost by approximately $2.2 million and other postretirement cost by approximately $0.4 million. pension funding guidelines, as established by the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended and the internal revenue code of
1986, as amended, are not expected to incorporate the october 2014 society of actuaries new mortality assumptions until after 2015, possibly 2016.
federal healthcare legislation see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis.
410
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors and shareholders of entergy new orleans, inc.
new orleans, louisiana we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of entergy new orleans, inc. (the "company") as of december 31,
2014 and 2013, and the related income statements, statements of cash flows, and statements of changes in common equity (pages 412 through 416 and applicable items in pages 61 through 234) for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014. these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. an audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. an audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
in our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of entergy new orleans, inc. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
411
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
income statements for the years ended december 31,
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                              $579,981       $525,041       $487,633
natural gas                                                            110,104         95,115         82,107
total                                                                  690,085        620,156        569,740
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                      169,605        116,715        107,616
purchased for resale purchased power                                                        259,680        253,202        222,193
other operation and                                                    120,610        136,003        122,143
maintenance taxes other than income                                                 48,142         48,659         43,189
taxes depreciation and                                                        38,884         37,717         36,726
amortization other regulatory                                                           694            996          1,983
charges - net total                                                                  637,615        593,292        533,850
operating income                                                        52,470         26,864         35,890
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                          915            920            791
construction interest and investment                                                     79             89             47
income miscellaneous - net                                                        430         (1,401  )      (1,453  )
total                                                                    1,424           (392  )        (615  )
interest expense interest expense                                                        13,310         13,675         11,344
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                         (447  )        (505  )        (374  )
construction total                                                                   12,863         13,170         10,970
income before income                                                    41,031         13,302         24,305
taxes income taxes                                                            12,324          1,619          7,240
net income                                                              28,707         11,683         17,065
preferred dividend requirements and                                                           965            965            965
other earnings applicable to                                                 $27,742        $10,718        $16,100
common stock see notes to financial statements.
412
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2014          2013           2012
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                              $28,707       $11,683        $17,065
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation and                                                         38,884        37,717         36,726
amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax                                                           24,388        (7,427  )      15,016
credits, and non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                              20,506        (6,508  )     (29,046  )
fuel inventory                                                              (17  )     (1,222  )       2,029
accounts payable                                                         (7,702  )      5,987          4,828
interest accrued                                                            (60  )        578            180
deferred fuel costs                                                       5,252        20,988         (9,464  )
other working capital                                                   (18,050  )      3,155         12,862
accounts provisions for estimated                                                 10,877           (31  )        (812  )
losses other regulatory assets                                                 (38,405  )     64,810        (23,188  )
pension and other postretirement                                                           29,942       (51,293  )       9,773
liabilities other assets and                                                        (13,258  )      7,889         16,120
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                             81,064        86,326         52,089
activities investing activities construction                                                            (62,199  )    (88,864  )     (86,373  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                           915           920            791
construction change in money pool                                                      4,295        (1,814  )       6,151
receivable - net payments to storm                                                        (7,525  )     (7,663  )      (8,609  )
reserve escrow account receipts from storm reserve escrow                                                                -         7,755         10,000
account net cash flow used in investing                                                               (64,514  )    (89,666  )     (78,040  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                         -        98,471         28,422
debt retirement of long-term                                                       -       (70,068  )           -
debt dividends paid:
common stock                                                             (6,000  )          -         (1,700  )
preferred stock                                                            (965  )       (965  )        (965  )
other                                                                      (685  )          -           (249  )
net cash flow provided by (used in)                                                             (7,650  )     27,438         25,508
financing activities net increase (decrease)
in cash and cash                                                          8,900        24,098           (443  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at beginning                                                 33,489         9,391          9,834
of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                   $42,389       $33,489         $9,391
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of amount                                                $12,477       $12,050        $10,183
capitalized income taxes                                                             $4,871       ($1,448  )    ($12,952  )
see notes to financial statements.
413
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
balance sheets assets december 31,
2014            2013
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents cash                                                                          $1,006            $317
temporary cash investments                                                    41,383          33,172
total cash and cash equivalents                                               42,389          33,489
accounts receivable:
customer                                                                      35,663          38,872
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                 (262  )         (974  )
associated companies                                                          11,693          32,273
other                                                                          3,223           2,667
accrued unbilled revenues                                                     16,465          18,745
total accounts receivable                                                     66,782          91,583
accumulated deferred income taxes                                              8,562          12,018
fuel inventory - at average cost                                               3,016           2,999
materials and supplies - at average cost                                      12,650          11,696
prepayments and other                                                          6,887           4,178
total                                                                        140,286         155,963
other property and investments non-utility property at cost (less                                             1,016           1,016
accumulated depreciation)
storm reserve escrow account                                                  18,038          10,513
total                                                                         19,054          11,529
utility plant electric                                                                     936,862         889,629
natural gas                                                                  228,979         222,463
construction work in progress                                                 18,866          29,312
total utility plant                                                        1,184,707       1,141,404
less - accumulated depreciation and                                          594,945         566,948
amortization utility plant - net                                                          589,762         574,456
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
deferred fuel costs                                                            4,080           4,080
other regulatory assets                                                      175,596         137,191
other                                                                          5,345           5,577
total                                                                        185,021         146,848
total assets                                                                $934,123        $888,796
see notes to financial statements.
414
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2014        2013
-in thousands current liabilities accounts payable:
associated companies                                                         $33,170     $36,193
other                                                                         22,435      27,840
customer deposits                                                             24,681      22,959
interest accrued                                                               3,538       3,598
deferred fuel costs                                                           28,397      23,145
system agreement cost equalization                                                 -      17,040
other                                                                          6,830       5,896
total current liabilities                                                    119,051     136,671
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                        199,241     183,636
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                              864       1,082
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -                                       20,640      28,711
net asset retirement cost liabilities                                              2,511       2,347
accumulated provisions                                                        25,877      15,000
pension and other postretirement                                              62,440      32,497
liabilities long-term debt                                                               225,866     225,944
gas system rebuild insurance proceeds                                         23,218      32,760
other                                                                          6,610       4,085
total non-current liabilities                                                567,267     526,062
commitments and contingencies preferred stock without sinking fund                                          19,780      19,780
common equity common stock, $4 par value, authorized
10,000,000 shares; issued and                                                 33,744      33,744
outstanding 8,435,900 shares in 2014 and
2013
paid-in capital                                                               36,294      36,294
retained earnings                                                            157,987     136,245
total                                                                        228,025     206,283
total liabilities and equity                                                $934,123    $888,796
see notes to financial statements.
415
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december 31,
2014, 2013, and
2012

common equity common stock    paid-in capital    retained earnings          total
-in thousands balance at                                    $33,744            $36,294             $111,127       $181,165
december 31, 2011
net income                                          -                  -               17,065         17,065
common stock                                        -                  -               (1,700  )      (1,700  )
dividends preferred stock                                     -                  -                 (965  )        (965  )
dividends balance at                                    $33,744            $36,294             $125,527       $195,565
december 31, 2012
net income                                          -                  -               11,683         11,683
preferred stock                                     -                  -                 (965  )        (965  )
dividends balance at                                    $33,744            $36,294             $136,245       $206,283
december 31, 2013
net income                                          -                  -               28,707         28,707
common stock                                        -                  -               (6,000  )      (6,000  )
dividends preferred stock                                     -                  -                 (965  )        (965  )
dividends balance at                                    $33,744            $36,294             $157,987       $228,025
december 31, 2014
see notes to financial statements.
416
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
selected financial data - five-year comparison
2014        2013        2012        2011        2010
-in thousands operating revenues                                     $690,085    $620,156    $569,740    $630,185    $659,449
net income                                              $28,707     $11,683     $17,065     $35,976     $31,114
total assets                                           $934,123    $888,796    $881,789    $806,035    $850,076
long-term                                              $245,646    $245,724    $146,080    $186,317    $186,995
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt) and preferred stock without sinking fund.
2014        2013        2012        2011        2010
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                                $202        $197        $174        $176        $196
commercial                                                  184         183         164         154         174
industrial                                                   33          35          31          30          36
governmental                                                 66          67          63          59          70
total retail                                                485         482         432         419         476
sales for resale:
associated                                                   77          27          44          95          56
companies non-associated                                                4           -           -           1           1
companies other                                                        14          16          12          14          10
total                                                      $580        $525        $488        $529        $543
billed electric energy sales (gwh):
residential                                               1,963       1,867       1,772       1,888       1,858
commercial                                                2,046       1,998       1,968       1,939       1,899
industrial                                                  452         481         484         498         503
governmental                                                768         758         785         795         809
total retail                                              5,229       5,104       5,009       5,120       5,069
sales for resale:
associated                                                1,322         495         978       1,167         906
companies non-associated                                               16          13           8          19          13
companies total                                                     6,567       5,612       5,995       6,306       5,988
417
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations net income
2014 compared to 2013
net income increased $16.9 million primarily due to higher net revenue and lower other operation and maintenance expenses, partially offset by a higher effective income tax rate, higher taxes other than income taxes, and higher depreciation and amortization expenses.
2013 compared to 2012
net income increased $15.9 million primarily due to higher net revenue and a lower effective income tax rate, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses and higher depreciation and amortization expenses.
net revenue
2014 compared to 2013
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2014 to 2013.
amount
-in millions
2013 net revenue                  $586.5
purchased power capacity            37.5
retail electric price               17.3
volume/weather                      11.6
transmission revenue                (7.6  )
reserve equalization               (18.0  )
net wholesale revenue              (21.0  )
other                                5.4
2014 net revenue                  $611.7
the purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to a decrease in expenses due to contract changes.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an annual base rate increase of $18.5 million, effective april 2014, as a result of the puct's order in the september 2013 rate case. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the puct rate order.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 884 gwh, or 5%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather on residential sales and increased industrial usage primarily in the petroleum industry as a result of expansions.
418
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the transmission revenue variance is primarily due to changes as a result of the participation in the miso rto in
2014.
the reserve equalization variance is primarily due to an increase in reserve equalization expense as compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to the changes in the entergy system generation mix compared to the same period in 2013 as a result of the entergy arkansas's exit from the system agreement in december 2013.
the net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to a wholesale customer contract termination in december 2013.
2013 compared to 2012
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2013 to 2012.
amount
-in millions
2012 net revenue                                    $551.0
volume/weather                                        13.9
retail electric price                                 13.3
fuel recovery                                          6.5
hurricane rita regulatory asset adjustment             6.4
net wholesale revenue                                  4.7
purchased power capacity                             (10.5  )
other                                                  1.2
2013 net revenue                                    $586.5
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 470 gwh, or 3%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather compared to last year on residential sales and increased usage in the industrial sector compared to prior year as a result of an unplanned outage in the refining industry in 2012.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an annual base rate increase of $28 million, effective july
2012, as a result of the puct's order in the november 2011 rate case. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the puct rate order.
the fuel recovery variance is primarily the result of a $6 million adjustment to deferred fuel costs recorded in third quarter 2012 in accordance with a rate order from the puct issued in september 2012. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the puct order issued in entergy texas's 2011 rate case.
the hurricane rita regulatory asset adjustment of $6.4 million was recorded in third quarter 2012 in accordance with the rate order from the puct issued in september 2012. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the puct rate order.
the net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to contract changes for municipals and co-op customers.
the purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to additional capacity purchases as well as price increases for ongoing purchased power capacity.
419
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis other income statement variances
2014 compared to 2013
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
an decrease of $14.9 million in compensation and benefit costs primarily due to an increase in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs, other postretirement
  benefit plan design changes, fewer employees, and a settlement charge in 2013 related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.  see "critical accounting estimates"belowand note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs;
  a decrease of $7.4 million resulting from costs incurred in 2013 related to the now-terminated plan to spin off and merge the utility's transmission business; and a decrease of $7.1 million resulting from implementation costs, severance costs, and curtailment and special
  termination benefits in 2013 related to the human capital management strategic imperative.  see the "human capital management strategic imperative" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
the decrease was partially offset by an increase of $5.9 million primarily due to administration fees in 2014
related to participation in the miso rto.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to a reduction in the provision recorded for sales and use taxes in 2013, an increase in local franchise taxes, and an increase in ad valorem taxes. franchise taxes have no effect on net income as these taxes are recovered through the franchise tax rider.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
2013 compared to 2012
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
an increase of $9 million in compensation and benefit costs primarily due to a decrease in the discount rates used to determine net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs and a settlement charge,
  recognized in september 2013, related to the payment of lump sum benefits out of the non-qualified pension plan.  see "critical accounting estimates"belowand note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of benefits costs;
an increase of $8.8 million resulting from implementation costs, severance costs, and curtailment and
  special termination benefits in 2013 related to the human capital management strategic imperative.  see the
"human capital management strategic imperative" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion;
an increase of $2.3 million primarily due to storm damage accruals in accordance with a rate order from puct
  issued in september 2012. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the puct rate order;
  an increase of $1.7 million in distribution contract work relating primarily to vegetation maintenance; and
  an increase of $1.4 million in insurance expenses primarily due to increases in premiums.
the increase was partially offset by:
the amortization of $4.3 million of hurricane rita storm costs in prior year in accordance with a rate order
  from the puct issued in september 2012. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the puct rate order; and
  a decrease of $2.7 million in fossil-fueled expenses due to a reduced scope of work and fewer outages compared to 2012.
420
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis also, other operation and maintenance expenses include $7.4 million in 2013 and $4.8 million in 2012 of costs incurred related to the now-terminated plan to spin off and merge the transmission business.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to a reduction in the provision recorded for sales and use taxes in 2012.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service and an increase in depreciation rates as a result of the 2011 rate case order issued by the puct in september 2012. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the puct rate order.
other income increased primarily due to the reversal in 2012 of $6.7 million of disallowed carrying charges on hurricane rita storm restoration costs in accordance with a rate order from the puct issued in september 2012. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the puct rate order.
income taxes the effective income tax rates were 39.9%, 34.2%, and 44.1% for 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were as follows:
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning          $46,488        $60,236        $65,289
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                            315,164        237,054        271,081
investing activities                           (186,540  )    (164,309  )    (128,904  )
financing activities                           (144,671  )     (86,493  )    (147,230  )
net decrease in cash and cash                   (16,047  )     (13,748  )      (5,053  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of             $30,441        $46,488        $60,236
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $78.1 million in 2014 primarily due to:
  $86.1 million of fuel cost refunds in  2013;
system agreement bandwidth remedy payments of $48.6 million received in the second quarter 2014 as a result of the compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's february 2014 orders related to the bandwidth
  payments/receipts for the june - december 2005 period.  entergy texas received approval to apply a portion of the payments to the under-collected fuel balance.  the remaining balance of $24.6 million was refunded to entergy texas customers as of december 31, 2014; and
  the timing of collections from customers.
see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of fuel cost refunds and the system agreement proceedings.
421
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the increase was partially offset by:
a decrease of $54.8 million in income tax refunds in 2014 compared to 2013.  entergy texas had income tax
  refunds in 2013 in accordance with the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the refunds in 2013 resulted from the utilization of entergy texas's taxable losses against taxable income of other members of the entergy consolidated group; and an increase of $10.2 million in pension contributions in 2014.  see "critical accounting estimates" below
  and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $34 million in 2013 primarily due to:
the receipt, in january 2012, of $43 million in system agreement bandwidth remedy payments required to implement the ferc's remedy in an october 2011 order for the period june-december 2005.  as of march 31,
  2013, all of the $43 million, plus interest, had been credited to entergy texas customers, with the final
$9.5 million being credited in the first quarter 2013.  see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the system agreement proceedings;
  $86.1 million of fuel cost refunds in 2013, compared to $67.2 million of fuel cost refunds in 2012.  see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the fuel cost refunds; and
  the timing of collections of receivables from customers.
the decrease was partially offset by an increase of $55.3 million in income tax refunds. entergy texas had income tax refunds in 2013 in accordance with the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the refunds resulted from the utilization of entergy texas's taxable losses against taxable income of other members of the entergy consolidated group.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities increased $22.2 million in 2014 primarily due to an increase in transmission construction expenditures and an increase in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures due to a greater scope of projects in 2014 and money pool activity.
decreases in entergy texas's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy texas's receivable from the money pool decreased by $6 million in 2014 compared to decreasing by $12.9 million in 2013. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce entergy's subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
net cash used in investing activities increased $35.4 million in 2013 primarily due to:
  money pool activity;
  an increase in transmission construction expenditures due to reliability work performed in 2013; and
  an increase in distribution construction expenditures due to an increased scope of work in 2013.
the increase was partially offset by lower fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures due to a greater scope of projects in 2012.
decreases in entergy texas's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy texas's receivable from the money pool decreased by $12.9 million in 2013 compared to decreasing by $44 million in 2012.
financing activities net cash flow used in financing activities increased $58.2 million in 2014 primarily due to the retirement of $150
million of 7.875% series first mortgage bonds in june 2014 and an increase of $45 million in common stock
422
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis dividends paid, partially offset by the issuance of $135 million of 5.625% series first mortgage bonds in may 2014.
see note 5 to the financial statements for more details on long-term debt.
net cash flow used in financing activities decreased $60.7 million in 2013 primarily due to a decrease of $62.2
million in common stock dividends paid.
capital structure entergy texas's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.
december 31,2014           december 31,2013
debt to capital                          62.4  %                    63.7  %
effect of excluding the securitization  (11.8  %)                  (12.6  %)
bonds debt to capital, excluding               50.6  %                    51.1  %
securitization bonds (a)
effect of subtracting cash               (0.9  %)                   (1.3  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding       49.7  %                    49.8  %
securitization bonds (a)
(a)  calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy texas.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy texas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy texas's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy texas, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy texas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy texas's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy texas's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
uses of capital entergy texas requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt maturities or retirements;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
  dividend and interest payments.
following are the amounts of entergy texas's planned construction and other capital investments.
2015    2016    2017
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $275     $45    $100
transmission                                 140     165      85
distribution                                 105      95      95
other                                         35      35      10
total                                       $555    $340    $290
423
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy texas's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2015    2016-2017    2018-2019    after 2019     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $276         $158         $356        $1,444    $2,234
operating leases (b)                  $6           $9           $6            $4       $25
purchase obligations (c)            $244         $494         $492          $213    $1,443
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  does not include power purchase agreements that are accounted for as leases that are included in purchase obligations.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(c)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy texas, it primarily includes unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy texas expects to contribute approximately $17.2
million to its pension plans and approximately $3.2 million to other postretirement plans in 2015, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015 valuations are completed by april 1, 2015. see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy texas has $17 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy texas amounts associated with specific investments, such as the union power station acquisition discussed below;
nrc post-fukushima requirements; environmental compliance spending; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; resource planning; generation projects; system improvements; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt in note 5 to the financial statements.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary, entergy texas pays dividends to entergy corporation from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
union power station purchase agreement in december 2014, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, and entergy texas entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire the union power station, a 1,980 mw (summer rating) power generation facility located near el dorado, arkansas, from union power partners, l.p. the union power station consists of four natural gas fired, combined-cycle gas turbine power blocks, each rated at 495 mw (summer rating). pursuant to the agreement, entergy gulf states louisiana will acquire two of the power blocks and a 50% undivided ownership interest in certain assets related to the facility, and entergy arkansas and entergy texas will each acquire one power block and a 25%
undivided ownership interest in such related assets. (if entergy arkansas or entergy texas do not obtain approval for the purchase of their power blocks, entergy gulf states louisiana will seek to purchase the power blocks not approved.) the base purchase price is expected to be approximately $948 million (approximately $237 million for each power block) subject to adjustments. in addition, entergy gulf states louisiana anticipates selling 20% of the capacity and energy associated with its two power blocks to entergy new orleans through a cost-based, life-of-unit power purchase
424
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis agreement. the purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals, including cost recovery, from various federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies. these include regulatory approvals from the apsc, lpsc, puct, and ferc, as well as clearance under the hart-scott-rodino anti-trust law. in december
2014, entergy texas filed its application with the puct for approval of the acquisition. the puct has indicated that it will convene the hearing on the merits of this case in june 2015. entergy texas intends to file a rate application to seek cost recovery later in 2015. in january 2015, entergy gulf states louisiana filed its application with the lpsc and entergy arkansas filed its application with the apsc, each for approval of the acquisition and cost recovery. closing is targeted to occur in late-2015.
sources of capital entergy texas's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt or preferred stock issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy texas may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred stock issuances by entergy texas require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. entergy texas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy texas's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2014                   2013       2012       2011
-in thousands
$306                 $6,287    $19,175    $63,191
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy texas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in march 2019. the credit facility allows entergy texas to issue letters of credit against 50% of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2014, there were no borrowings and $1.3 million of letters of credit outstanding under the facility. in addition, entergy texas entered into an uncommitted letter of credit facility in 2014 as a means to post collateral to support its obligations under miso. as of december 31, 2014, a $24.5 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy texas's letter of credit facility.
entergy texas obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2015 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings and security issuances. see note
4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy texas's short-term borrowing limits.
in may 2014, entergy texas issued $135 million of 5.625% series first mortgage bonds due june 2064. entergy texas used the proceeds to pay, prior to maturity, a portion of its $150 million of 7.875% series first mortgage bonds due june 2039.
425
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy texas charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy texas is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. the puct, a governmental agency, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
filings with the puct
2011 rate case in november 2011, entergy texas filed a rate case requesting a $112 million base rate increase reflecting a 10.6%
return on common equity based on an adjusted june 2011 test year. the rate case also proposed a purchased power recovery rider. on january 12, 2012, the puct voted not to address the purchased power recovery rider in the current rate case, but the puct voted to set a baseline in the rate case proceeding that would be applicable if a purchased power capacity rider is approved in a separate proceeding. in april 2012 the puct staff filed direct testimony recommending a base rate increase of $66 million and a 9.6% return on common equity. the puct staff, however, subsequently filed a statement of position in the proceeding indicating that it was still evaluating the position it would ultimately take in the case regarding entergy texas's recovery of purchased power capacity costs and entergy texas's proposal to defer its miso transition expenses. in april 2012, entergy texas filed rebuttal testimony indicating a revised request for a $105 million base rate increase. a hearing was held in late-april through early-may 2012.
in september 2012 the puct issued an order approving a $28 million rate increase, effective july 2012. the order includes a finding that "a return on common equity (roe) of 9.80 percent will allow [entergy texas] a reasonable opportunity to earn a reasonable return on invested capital." the order also provides for increases in depreciation rates and the annual storm reserve accrual. the order also reduced entergy texas's proposed purchased power capacity costs, stating that they are not known and measureable; reduced entergy texas's regulatory assets associated with hurricane rita; excluded from rate recovery capitalized financially-based incentive compensation;
included $1.6 million of miso transition expense in base rates, and reduced entergy's texas's fuel reconciliation recovery by $4 million because it disagreed with the line-loss factor used in the calculation. after considering the progress of the proceeding in light of the puct order, entergy texas recorded in the third quarter 2012 an approximate $24 million charge to recognize that assets associated with hurricane rita, financially-based incentive compensation, and fuel recovery are no longer probable of recovery. entergy texas continues to believe that it is entitled to recover these prudently incurred costs, however, and it filed a motion for rehearing regarding these and several other issues in the puct's order on october 4, 2012. several other parties have also filed motions for rehearing of the puct's order. the puct subsequently denied rehearing of substantive issues. several parties, including entergy texas, have appealed the puct's order to the travis county district court. a hearing was held in july 2014. in october 2014 the travis county district court issued an order upholding the puct's decision except as to the line-loss factor issue referenced above, which was found in favor of entergy texas. in november 2014, entergy texas appealed the travis county district court decision and the puct appealed the decision on the line-
loss factor issue. entergy texas expects to file briefs during the first half of 2015.
2013 rate case in september 2013, entergy texas filed a rate case requesting a $38.6 million base rate increase reflecting a 10.4%
return on common equity based on an adjusted test year ending march 31, 2013. the rate case also proposed (1) a rough production cost equalization adjustment rider recovering entergy texas's payment to entergy new orleans to achieve rough production cost equalization based on calendar year 2012 production costs and (2) a rate case expense rider recovering the cost of the 2013 rate case and certain costs associated with previous rate cases. the rate case filing also included a request to reconcile $0.9 billion of fuel and purchased power costs and fuel revenues covering the period july 2011 through march 2013. the fuel reconciliation also reflects special circumstances fuel cost recovery of approximately $22 million of purchased power capacity costs. in january 2014 the puct staff filed direct testimony recommending a retail rate reduction of $0.3 million and a 9.2% return on common equity. in march
2014, entergy texas filed an agreed motion for interim rates. the motion explained that the parties to this proceeding have agreed
426
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis that entergy texas should be allowed to implement new rates reflecting an $18.5 million base rate increase, effective for usage on and after april 1, 2014, as well as recovery of charges for rough production cost equalization and rate case expenses. in march 2014 the state office of administrative hearings, the body assigned to hear the case, approved the motion. in april 2014, entergy texas filed a unanimous stipulation in this case.
among other things, the stipulation provides for an $18.5 million base rate increase, recovery over three years of the calendar year 2012 rough production cost equalization charges and rate case expenses, and states a 9.8% return on common equity. in addition, the stipulation finalizes the fuel and purchased power reconciliation covering the period july 2011 through march 2013, with the parties stipulating an immaterial fuel disallowance. no special circumstances recovery of purchased power capacity costs was allowed. in april 2014 the state office of administrative hearings remanded the case back to the puct for final processing. in may 2014 the puct approved the stipulation. no motions for rehearing were filed during the statutory rehearing period.
in september 2014, entergy texas filed for a distribution cost recovery factor rider based on a law that was passed in 2011 allowing for the recovery of increases in capital costs associated with distribution plant. entergy texas requested collection of approximately $7 million annually from retail customers. the parties reached a unanimous settlement authorizing recovery of $3.6 million annually commencing with usage on and after january 1, 2015. a state office of administrative hearings alj issued an order in december 2014 authorizing this recovery on an interim basis and remanded the case to the puct. in february 2015 the puct entered a final order, making the settlement final and the interim rates permanent.
fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy texas's rate schedules include a fixed fuel factor to recover fuel and purchased power costs, including interest, not recovered in base rates. semi-annual revisions of the fixed fuel factor are made in march and september based on the market price of natural gas and changes in fuel mix. the amounts collected under entergy texas's fixed fuel factor and any interim surcharge or refund are subject to fuel reconciliation proceedings before the puct.
in december 2011, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to refund approximately $43 million, including interest, of fuel cost recovery over-collections through october 2011. entergy texas and the parties to the proceeding reached an agreement that entergy texas would refund $67 million, including interest and additional over-recoveries through december 2011, over a three-month period. entergy texas and the parties requested that interim rates consistent with the settlement be approved effective with the march 2012 billing month, and the puct approved the application in march 2012. entergy texas completed this refund to customers in may 2012.
in october 2012, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to refund approximately $78 million, including interest, of fuel cost recovery over-collections through september 2012. entergy texas requested that the refund be implemented over a six-month period effective with the january 2013 billing month. entergy texas and the parties to the proceeding reached an agreement that entergy texas would refund $84 million, including interest and additional over-recoveries through october 2012, to most customers over a three-month period beginning january 2013. the puct approved the stipulation in january 2013. entergy texas completed this refund to customers in march 2013.
in july 2012, entergy texas filed with the puct an application to credit its customers approximately $37.5 million, including interest, resulting from the ferc's october 2011 order in the system agreement rough production cost equalization proceeding. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the ferc's october 2011 order.
in september 2012 the parties submitted a stipulation resolving the proceeding. the stipulation provided that most entergy texas customers would be credited over a four-month period beginning october 2012. the credits were initiated with the october 2012 billing month on an interim basis, and the puct subsequently approved the stipulation, also in october 2012.
in august 2014, entergy texas filed an application seeking puct approval to implement an interim fuel refund of approximately $24.6 million for over-collected fuel costs incurred during the months of november 2012 through april
2014. this refund resulted from (i) applying $48.6 million in bandwidth remedy payments that entergy texas
427
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis received in may 2014 related to the june - december 2005 period to entergy texas's $8.7 million under-recovered fuel balance as of april 30, 2014 and (ii) netting that fuel balance against the $15.3 million bandwidth remedy payment that entergy texas made related to calendar year 2013 production costs. also in august 2014, entergy texas filed an unopposed motion for interim rates to implement these refunds for most customers over a two-month period commencing with september 2014. the puct issued its order approving the interim relief in august 2014 and entergy texas completed the refunds in october 2014. parties intervened in this matter. all parties agreed that this case should be bifurcated such that the interim refunds would become final in a separate docket. the current docket would remain in place to potentially address additional rough production cost equalization-related matters that are not part of the interim refunds discussed above. in january 2015, entergy texas filed a request for this severance and final approval of the interim refund. both applications are pending.
at the puct's april 2013 open meeting, the puct commissioners discussed their view that a purchased power capacity rider was good public policy. the puct issued an order in may 2013 adopting the rule allowing for a purchased power capacity rider, subject to an offsetting adjustment for load growth. the rule, as adopted, also includes a process for obtaining pre-approval by the puct of purchased power agreements. entergy texas has not exercised the option to recover its capacity costs under the new rider mechanism, but will continue to evaluate the benefits of utilizing the new rider to recover future capacity costs.
federal regulation see " entergy's integration into the miso regional transmission organization ," " system agreement ," and " u.s.
department of justice investigation " in the "
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
- federal regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of these topics.
nuclear matters see the "
nuclear matters
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
industrial and commercial customers entergy texas's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy texas's industrial customer base. entergy texas responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide, under existing rate schedules, competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles.
entergy texas actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers. entergy texas does not currently expect additional significant losses to cogeneration because of the current economics of the electricity markets and entergy texas's marketing efforts in retaining industrial customers.
environmental risks entergy texas's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy texas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy texas's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that
428
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy texas's financial position or results of operations.
unbilled revenue as discussed in note 1 to the financial statements, entergy texas records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. the difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. the estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period and fuel price fluctuations, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy texas's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries' management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension and qualified projected benefit obligation cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in             impact on 2014                         impact on 2014
actuarial assumption                assumption    qualified pension cost            qualified projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                       -0.25%                          $842                                $13,906
rate of return on plan assets       -0.25%                          $697                                     $-
rate of increase in compensation    0.25%                           $322                                 $1,769
the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in                  impact on 2014    impact on 2014 accumulated actuarial assumption      assumption    postretirement benefit cost        postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                               $230                        $4,221
health care cost trend    0.25%                                $536                        $3,884
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
429
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy texas in 2014 was $8.5 million. entergy texas anticipates 2015 qualified pension cost to be $12.1 million. entergy texas contributed $17.1 million to its qualified pension plans in 2014
and estimates 2015 pension contributions to be approximately $17.2 million, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015 valuations are completed by april 1,
2015.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy texas in 2014 was $2.8 million.
entergy texas expects 2015 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income to approximate $3.0
million. entergy texas contributed $3.4 million to its other postretirement plans in 2014 and expects to contribute approximately $3.2 million in 2015.
the retirement and mortality rate assumptions are reviewed every three-to-five years as part of an actuarial study that compares these assumptions to the actual experience of the pension and other postretirement plans. the 2014
actuarial study reviewed plan experience from 2010 through 2013. as a result of the 2014 actuarial study and the issuance of new mortality tables in october 2014 by the society of actuaries, changes were made to reflect modified demographic pattern expectations as well as longer life expectancies. these changes are reflected in the december
31, 2014 financial disclosures. adoption of the new mortality assumptions for 2015 resulted in an increase at december 31, 2014 of $30.8 million in the qualified pension benefit obligation and $8.2 million in the accumulated postretirement obligation. the new mortality assumptions increased anticipated 2015 qualified pension cost by approximately $4.3 million and other postretirement cost by approximately $1 million. pension funding guidelines, as established by the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended and the internal revenue code of
1986, as amended, are not expected to incorporate the october 2014 society of actuaries new mortality assumptions until after 2015, possibly 2016.
federal healthcare legislation see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis.
430
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors and shareholder of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries the woodlands, texas we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of cash flows, and consolidated statements of changes in common equity (pages 432 through 436 and applicable items in pages 61 through 234) for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014. these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. an audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. an audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
in our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
431
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2014             2013             2012
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $1,851,982       $1,728,799       $1,581,496
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                  282,809          207,310          243,877
purchased for resale purchased power                                                    881,438          857,512          717,876
other operation and                                                232,955          253,786          233,503
maintenance taxes other than                                                    70,439           63,823           59,348
income taxes depreciation and                                                    99,609           94,744           88,307
amortization other regulatory                                                    76,017           77,491           68,772
charges - net total                                                            1,643,267        1,554,666        1,411,683
operating income                                                   208,715          174,133          169,813
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                    2,959            4,647            4,537
construction interest and investment income                                                    1,106            1,369           (2,220  )
(loss)
miscellaneous - net                                                 (2,345  )        (3,328  )        (4,264  )
total                                                                1,720            2,688           (1,947  )
interest expense interest expense                                                    88,049           92,156           96,035
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                   (2,062  )        (3,324  )        (3,258  )
construction total                                                               85,987           88,832           92,777
income before income                                               124,448           87,989           75,089
taxes income taxes                                                        49,644           30,108           33,118
net income                                                         $74,804          $57,881          $41,971
see notes to financial statements.
432
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                             $74,804        $57,881        $41,971
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation and                                                        99,609         94,744         88,307
amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                             2,829         86,152        123,167
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                             24,318        (49,252  )      32,912
fuel inventory                                                           5,433             53         (1,504  )
accounts payable                                                       (19,854  )      29,718         19,980
prepaid taxes and taxes                                                 57,484         (1,967  )     (93,979  )
accrued interest accrued                                                        (1,489  )        (920  )        (929  )
deferred fuel costs                                                    (15,954  )     (89,241  )      28,670
other working capital                                                    9,045          6,918        (58,691  )
accounts provisions for                                                           3,139          2,470          1,585
estimated losses other regulatory assets                                                  2,809        197,520         62,166
pension and other postretirement                                                          59,725       (104,055  )      17,330
liabilities other assets and                                                        13,266          7,033         10,096
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           315,164        237,054        271,081
activities investing activities construction                                                          (195,794  )    (181,546  )    (181,404  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                        2,981          4,647          4,537
construction changes in money pool                                                    5,981         12,888         44,016
receivable - net changes in                                                                 292           (256  )       3,960
securitization account other                                                                        -            (42  )         (13  )
net cash flow used in investing                                                             (186,540  )    (164,309  )    (128,904  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                  131,163              -              -
debt retirement of long-term                                               (213,450  )     (61,316  )     (59,322  )
debt dividends paid:
common stock                                                           (70,000  )     (25,000  )     (87,180  )
other                                                                    7,616           (177  )        (728  )
net cash flow used in financing                                                             (144,671  )     (86,493  )    (147,230  )
activities net decrease in cash and cash                                                               (16,047  )     (13,748  )      (5,053  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                          46,488         60,236         65,289
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $30,441        $46,488        $60,236
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                      $85,695        $89,021        $92,632
amount capitalized income taxes                                                           ($2,653  )    ($57,473  )     ($2,207  )
see notes to financial statements.
433
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2014             2013
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                                 $1,733           $2,432
temporary cash investments                                                           28,708           44,056
total cash and cash equivalents                                                      30,441           46,488
securitization recovery trust                                                        37,219           37,511
account accounts receivable:
customer                                                                             70,993           76,957
allowance for doubtful accounts                                                        (672  )          (443  )
associated companies                                                                 57,004           76,494
other                                                                                10,985           10,897
accrued unbilled revenues                                                            38,363           43,067
total accounts receivable                                                           176,673          206,972
deferred fuel costs                                                                  11,861                -
accumulated deferred income taxes                                                       669                -
fuel inventory - at average cost                                                     49,902           55,335
materials and supplies - at average                                                  33,892           34,068
cost prepaid taxes                                                                             -           55,635
prepayments and other                                                                29,211           50,498
total                                                                               369,868          486,507
other property and investments investments in affiliates - at                                                          655              687
equity non-utility property - at cost (less                                                    376              376
accumulated depreciation)
other                                                                                19,085           18,161
total                                                                                20,116           19,224
utility plant electric                                                                          3,761,847        3,616,061
construction work in progress                                                       125,425           94,743
total utility plant                                                               3,887,272        3,710,804
less - accumulated depreciation and                                               1,454,701        1,387,303
amortization utility plant - net                                                               2,432,571        2,323,501
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes -                                                 123,407          129,069
net other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $521,424
as                                                                                  922,087          919,234
ofdecember 31, 2014 and $585,152 as of december 31, 2013)
long-term receivables - associated                                                   26,156           27,900
companies other                                                                                13,880           16,425
total                                                                             1,085,530        1,092,628
total assets                                                                     $3,908,085       $3,921,860
see notes to financial statements.
434
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2014          2013
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt                                                     $200,000            $-
accounts payable:
associated companies                                                                    91,481       112,309
other                                                                                   87,910        73,682
customer deposits                                                                       44,308        38,721
taxes accrued                                                                            1,849             -
accumulated deferred income taxes                                                            -        33,847
interest accrued                                                                        29,757        31,246
deferred fuel costs                                                                          -         4,093
other                                                                                   18,238        36,276
total                                                                                  473,543       330,174
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                                1,046,618     1,022,955
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                                     14,735        16,147
credits other regulatory liabilities                                                             5,125         5,194
asset retirement cost liabilities                                                        4,610         4,349
accumulated provisions                                                                  12,218         9,079
pension and other postretirement                                                       111,011        51,253
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $565,659 as of december 31,                                                 1,278,931     1,556,939
2014 and $629,087 as of december 31,
2013)
other                                                                                   69,463        38,743
total                                                                                2,542,711     2,704,659
commitments and contingencies common equity common stock, no par value, authorized
200,000,000 shares; issued and                                                          49,452        49,452
outstanding 46,525,000 shares in 2014
and 2013
paid-in capital                                                                        481,994       481,994
retained earnings                                                                      360,385       355,581
total                                                                                  891,831       887,027
total liabilities and equity                                                        $3,908,085    $3,921,860
see notes to financial statements.
435
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december 31,
2014, 2013, and
2012

common equity common stock    paid-in capital    retained earnings          total
-in thousands balance at                                    $49,452           $481,994             $367,909       $899,355
december 31, 2011
net income                                          -                  -               41,971         41,971
common stock                                        -                  -              (87,180  )     (87,180  )
dividends balance at                                    $49,452           $481,994             $322,700       $854,146
december 31, 2012
net income                                          -                  -               57,881         57,881
common stock                                        -                  -              (25,000  )     (25,000  )
dividends balance at                                    $49,452           $481,994             $355,581       $887,027
december 31, 2013
net income                                          -                  -               74,804         74,804
common stock                                        -                  -              (70,000  )     (70,000  )
dividends balance at                                    $49,452           $481,994             $360,385       $891,831
december 31, 2014
see notes to financial statements.
436
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries selected financial data - five-year comparison
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-in thousands operating                                    $1,851,982    $1,728,799    $1,581,496    $1,757,199    $1,690,431
revenues net income                                      $74,804       $57,881       $41,971       $80,845       $66,200
total assets                                 $3,908,085    $3,921,860    $4,025,781    $4,059,006    $3,783,864
long-term                                    $1,278,931    $1,556,939    $1,617,813    $1,677,127    $1,659,230
obligations (a)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt).
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $654          $596          $553          $638          $559
commercial                                          384           327           325           369           321
industrial                                          422           325           299           352           305
governmental                                         26            24            24            26            23
total retail                                      1,486         1,272         1,201         1,385         1,208
sales for resale:
associated                                          316           369           313           262           373
companies non-associated                                       23            47            36            74            76
companies other                                                27            41            31            36            33
total                                            $1,852        $1,729        $1,581        $1,757        $1,690
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       5,810         5,726         5,604         6,034         5,958
commercial                                        4,471         4,402         4,396         4,433         4,271
industrial                                        7,140         6,404         6,066         6,102         5,642
governmental                                        277           282           278           294           271
total retail                                     17,698        16,814        16,344        16,863        16,142
sales for resale:
associated                                        4,763         6,287         5,702         4,158         3,758
companies non-associated                                      200           712           827         1,258         1,300
companies total                                            22,661        23,813        22,873        22,279        21,200
437
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis system energy's principal asset currently consists of an ownership interest and a leasehold interest in grand gulf.
the capacity and energy from its 90% interest is sold under the unit power sales agreement to its only four customers, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. system energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its
90% interest in grand gulf pursuant to the unit power sales agreement. payments under the unit power sales agreement are system energy's only source of operating revenues.
results of operations net income
2014 compared to 2013
net income decreased $17.3 million primarily due to a higher effective income tax rate and lower operating revenues resulting from lower rate base as compared with the same period in the prior year, partially offset by higher other regulatory credits. system energy records a regulatory debit or credit for the difference between asset retirement obligation-related expenses and trust earnings plus asset retirement obligation-related costs collected in revenue.
the increase in regulatory credits for 2014 compared to 2013 is primarily caused by increases in depreciation and accretion expenses and regulatory credits recorded in 2014 to realign the asset retirement obligation regulatory asset with regulatory treatment.
2013 compared to 2012
net income increased $1.8 million primarily due to higher operating income and a lower effective income tax rate, partially offset by lower other income. operating income was higher because of higher rate base compared to 2012
resulting from capital spending at grand gulf, including the uprate project. the lower effective income tax rate was primarily due to the reversal of a portion of the provision for uncertain tax positions. other income was lower due to afudc accrued on the grand gulf uprate project in 2012. grand gulf's spring 2012 refueling outage was completed in june 2012, and the majority of uprate-related capital improvements were completed during this outage.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2014, 2013, and 2012 were 46.4%, 37.7%, and 40.8%, respectively. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rates.
438
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were as follows:
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning           $127,142        $83,622       $185,157
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              428,265        279,638        412,000
investing activities                             (203,930  )     (96,852  )    (502,637  )
financing activities                             (128,298  )    (139,266  )     (10,898  )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash           96,037         43,520       (101,535  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of              $223,179       $127,142        $83,622
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $148.6 million in 2014 primarily due to income tax refunds of $10.1 million in 2014 compared to income tax payments of $211.2 million in 2013. the increase was partially offset by spending on the grand gulf refueling outage in 2014 and an increase of $12.9 million in pension contributions in 2014. system energy made income tax payments in 2013 in accordance with the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax payments in 2013 resulted primarily from the reversal of temporary differences for which system energy had previously claimed a tax deduction. see "
critical accounting estimates
" below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $132.4 million in 2013 primarily due to income tax payments of
$211.2 million in 2013, as discussed above, compared to income tax refunds of $56.8 million in 2012, partially offset by spending on the grand gulf refueling outage in 2012. system energy received income tax refunds in 2012 in accordance with the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax refunds of $56.8 million in 2012 resulted primarily from a decrease of previously estimated 2011 taxable income due to the recognition of additional bonus depreciation.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $107.1 million in 2014 primarily due to:
fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of
  fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle;
  an increase in nuclear construction expenditures primarily as a result of spending on nuclear projects during the grand gulf refueling outage in 2014; and
  money pool activity.
decreases in system energy's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow and system energy's receivable from the money pool decreased by $6.9 million in 2014 compared to decreasing by $17.7 million in 2013.
the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
439
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis net cash used in investing activities decreased $405.8 million in 2013 primarily due to a decrease in construction expenditures resulting from spending on the uprate project at grand gulf completed during the refueling outage in
2012 and a decrease in nuclear fuel activity primarily due to the grand gulf refueling outage in 2012. the decrease was partially offset by money pool activity.
decreases in system energy's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and system energy's receivable from the money pool decreased $17.7 million in 2013 compared to decreasing by $93.5 million in 2012.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities decreased $11 million in 2014 primarily due to:
  the redemption of $70 million of 6.29% series f notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in september 2013; and net borrowings of $20.4 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility in
  2014 compared to net repayments of $40 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility in 2013.
the decrease was partially offset by the issuance of $85 million of 3.78% series i notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in october 2013 and an increase of $31.6 million in common stock dividends paid in
2014.
net cash used in financing activities increased $128.4 million in 2013 primarily due to:
  the issuance of $250 million of 4.10% series first mortgage bonds in september 2012;
  the issuance of $50 million of 4.02% series h notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in february 2012; and
  the redemption of $70 million of 6.29% series f notes by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity in september 2013.
the increase was partially offset by:
  the redemption of $152.975 million of pollution control revenue bonds in 2012;
  the redemption of $70 million of 6.2% series first mortgage bonds in october 2012;
an increase in borrowings of $40 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit
  facility in 2013 compared to the repayment of borrowings of $40 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility in 2012; and
  a decrease of $9.4 million in common stock dividends paid in 2013.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
capital structure system energy's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.
december 31,2014          december 31,2013
debt to capital             45.7  %                   46.4  %
effect of subtracting cash  (8.8  %)                  (4.6  %)
net debt to net capital     36.9  %                   41.8  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of
440
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis capital less cash and cash equivalents. system energy uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating system energy's financial condition. system energy uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating system energy's financial condition because net debt indicates system energy's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
uses of capital system energy requires capital resources for:
  construction and other capital investments;
  debt maturities or retirements;
  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel costs; and
  dividend and interest payments.
following are the amounts of system energy's planned construction and other capital investments.
2015    2016    2017
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                   $70     $65     $35
other                                          5       5       5
total                                        $75     $70     $40
following are the amounts of system energy's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2015    2016-2017    2018-2019    after 2019     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $141         $132         $161          $762    $1,196
purchase obligations (b)              $5          $28          $30           $53      $116
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for system energy, it includes nuclear fuel purchase obligations.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, system energy expects to contribute approximately $20.8
million to its pension plans and approximately $475 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2015, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015 valuations are completed by april 1, 2015. see "
critical accounting estimates
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, system energy has $95.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate includes specific investments and initiatives such as nrc post-fukushima requirements and plant improvements.
441
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis as a wholly-owned subsidiary, system energy dividends its earnings to entergy corporation at a percentage determined monthly. currently, all of system energy's retained earnings are available for distribution.
sources of capital system energy's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
  internally generated funds;
  cash on hand;
  debt issuances; and
  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
system energy may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
all debt and common stock issuances by system energy require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements. system energy has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
system energy's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2014                     2013       2012        2011
-in thousands
$2,373                 $9,223    $26,915    $120,424
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $125 million scheduled to expire in june 2016. as of december 31, 2014, $20.4 million was outstanding on the variable interest entity credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the variable interest entity credit facilities.
system energy obtained authorizations from the ferc through october 2015 for the following:
  short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding;
  long-term borrowings and security issuances; and
  long-term borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of system energy's short-term borrowing limits.
nuclear matters system energy owns and operates grand gulf. system energy is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. these include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-
level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of grand gulf, system energy may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. grand gulf's operating license is currently due to expire in november
442
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis
2024. in october 2011, system energy filed an application with the nrc for an extension of grand gulf's operating license to 2044, which application is pending.
in june 2012 the u.s. court of appeals for the d.c. circuit vacated the nrc's 2010 update to its waste confidence decision, which had found generically that a permanent geologic repository to store spent nuclear fuel would be available when necessary and that spent nuclear fuel could be stored at nuclear reactor sites in the interim without significant environmental effects, and remanded the case for further proceedings. the court concluded that the nrc had not satisfied the requirements of the national environmental policy act (nepa) when it considered environmental effects in reaching these conclusions. the waste confidence decision has been relied upon by nrc license renewal applicants to address some of the issues that the nepa requires the nrc to address before it issues a renewed license. certain nuclear opponents filed requests with the nrc asking it to address the issues raised by the court's decision in the license renewal proceedings for a number of nuclear plants including grand gulf. in august 2012 the nrc issued an order stating that it will not issue final licenses dependent upon the waste confidence decision until the d.c. circuit's remand is addressed, but also stating that licensing reviews and proceedings should continue to move forward. in september 2014 the nrc published a new final waste confidence rule, named continued storage of spent nuclear fuel, that for licensing purposes adopts non-site specific findings concerning the environmental impacts of the continued storage of spent nuclear fuel at reactor sites - for 60
years, 100 years and indefinitely - after the reactor's licensed period of operations. the nrc also issued an order lifting its suspension of licensing proceedings after the final rule's effective date in october 2014. after the final rule became effective, new york, connecticut, and vermont filed a challenge to the rule in the u.s. court of appeals. the final rule remains in effect while that challenge is pending unless the court orders otherwise.
the nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the reactor coolant system. the issue is applicable to grand gulf and is managed in accordance with industry standard practices and guidelines that include in-service examinations, replacements, and mitigation strategies.
developments in the industry or identification of issues at the nuclear units could require unanticipated remediation efforts that cannot be quantified in advance.
after the nuclear incident in japan resulting from the march 2011 earthquake and tsunami, the nrc established a task force to conduct a review of processes and regulations relating to nuclear facilities in the united states.
the task force issued a near-term (90-day) report in july 2011 that made initial recommendations, which were subsequently refined and prioritized after input from stakeholders. the task force then issued a second report in september 2011. based upon the task force's recommendations, the nrc issued three orders effective on march 12,
2012. the three orders require u.s. nuclear operators to undertake plant modifications and perform additional analyses that will, among other things, result in increased operating and capital costs associated with operating nuclear plants. the nrc, with input from the industry, is continuing to determine the specific actions required by the orders. system energy's estimated capital expenditures for 2015 through 2017 for complying with the nrc orders are included in the planned construction and other capital investments estimates given in "
liquidity and capital resources
- uses of capital
" above.
environmental risks system energy's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that system energy is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of system energy's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that
443
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of system energy's financial position or results of operations.
nuclear decommissioning costs see "
nuclear decommissioning costs
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
in the fourth quarter 2014, system energy recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liability for grand gulf as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimate resulted in a $99.9 million increase in its decommissioning liability, along with a corresponding increase in the related asset retirement cost asset that will be depreciated over the remaining life of the unit.
in the fourth quarter 2013, system energy recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liability for grand gulf as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimate resulted in a $102.3 million increase in its decommissioning liability, along with a corresponding increase in the related asset retirement cost asset that will be depreciated over the remaining life of the unit.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits system energy's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in             impact on 2014                         impact on 2014
actuarial assumption                assumption    qualified pension cost            projected qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                       -0.25%                          $858                                $12,797
rate of return on plan assets       -0.25%                          $489                                     $-
rate of increase in compensation    0.25%                           $330                                 $1,934
444
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
change in                  impact on 2014                impact on 2014
actuarial assumption      assumption    postretirement benefit cost    accumulated postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                               $191                        $2,252
health care cost trend    0.25%                                $318                        $2,071
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for system energy in 2014 was $12.2 million. system energy anticipates 2015 qualified pension cost to be $16.6 million. system energy contributed $21.2 million to its pension plans in 2014 and estimates 2015 pension contributions to be approximately $20.8 million, although the required pension contributions will not be known with more certainty until the january 1, 2015 valuations are completed by april 1, 2015.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for system energy in 2014 were $561 thousand.
system energy expects 2015 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $481
thousand. system energy contributed $334 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2014 and expects to contribute $475 thousand in 2015.
the retirement and mortality rate assumptions are reviewed every three-to-five years as part of an actuarial study that compares these assumptions to the actual experience of the pension and other postretirement plans. the 2014
actuarial study reviewed plan experience from 2010 through 2013. as a result of the 2014 actuarial study and the issuance of new mortality tables in october 2014 by the society of actuaries, changes were made to reflect modified demographic pattern expectations as well as longer life expectancies. these changes are reflected in the december
31, 2014 financial disclosures. adoption of the new mortality assumptions for 2015 resulted in an increase at december 31, 2014 of $17.7 million in the qualified pension benefit obligation and $3.1 million in the accumulated postretirement obligation. the new mortality assumptions increased anticipated 2015 qualified pension cost by approximately $2.7 million and other postretirement cost by approximately $0.4 million. pension funding guidelines, as established by the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended and the internal revenue code of
1986, as amended, are not expected to incorporate the october 2014 society of actuaries new mortality assumptions until after 2015, possibly 2016.
federal healthcare legislation see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" in the "
critical accounting estimates
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
new accounting pronouncements see "
new accounting pronouncements
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis.
445
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis
(page left blank intentionally)
446
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors and shareholder of system energy resources, inc.
jackson, mississippi we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of system energy resources, inc. (the "company") as of december 31,
2014 and 2013, and the related income statements, statements of cash flows, and statements of changes in common equity (pages 448 through 452 and applicable items in pages 61 through 234) for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014. these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. an audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. an audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
in our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of system energy resources, inc. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
447
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
income statements for the years ended december 31,
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                              $664,364       $735,089       $622,118
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                                       84,658        103,358         62,918
purchased for resale nuclear refueling                                                       23,309         29,551         21,824
outage expenses other operation and                                                    156,502        174,772        149,346
maintenance decommissioning                                                         41,835         35,472         33,019
taxes other than income                                                 25,160         25,537         19,468
taxes depreciation and                                                       142,583        176,387        154,561
amortization other regulatory                                                       (30,799  )     (13,068  )     (10,429  )
credits - net total                                                                  443,248        532,009        430,707
operating income                                                       221,116        203,080        191,411
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                                        5,069          7,784         26,102
construction interest and investment                                                 11,037          9,844         10,134
income miscellaneous - net                                                       (529  )        (804  )        (617  )
total                                                                   15,577         16,824         35,619
interest expense interest expense                                                        58,384         38,173         45,214
allowance for borrowed funds used during                                                       (1,335  )        (786  )      (7,165  )
construction total                                                                   57,049         37,387         38,049
income before income                                                   179,644        182,517        188,981
taxes income taxes                                                            83,310         68,853         77,115
net income                                                             $96,334       $113,664       $111,866
see notes to financial statements.
448
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2014           2013           2012
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                             $96,334       $113,664       $111,866
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning,                                                       254,199        293,537        235,881
including nuclear fuel amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and                                                            79,835         29,996         43,651
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                             37,345        (29,226  )     (12,557  )
accounts payable                                                        (6,372  )       6,685        (10,511  )
prepaid taxes and taxes                                                 12,146       (170,356  )      89,022
accrued interest accrued                                                        21,371         (3,794  )      (2,157  )
other working capital                                                  (11,688  )      24,863        (22,917  )
accounts other regulatory assets                                                (64,262  )      79,345        (44,004  )
pension and other postretirement                                                          49,741        (63,206  )       2,898
liabilities other assets and                                                       (40,384  )      (1,870  )      20,828
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           428,265        279,638        412,000
activities investing activities construction                                                           (63,774  )     (51,584  )    (450,236  )
expenditures allowance for equity funds used during                                                        5,069          7,784         26,102
construction nuclear fuel purchases                                                (181,209  )     (65,691  )    (194,314  )
proceeds from sale of                                                   61,076         26,522         52,708
nuclear fuel proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                                        392,872        215,467        349,427
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                       (424,814  )    (247,042  )    (379,833  )
trust funds change in money pool                                                     6,850         17,692         93,509
receivable - net net cash flow used in investing                                                             (203,930  )     (96,852  )    (502,637  )
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                        -         85,000        297,908
debt retirement of long-term                                                (46,743  )    (111,479  )    (262,867  )
debt changes in credit                                                       20,404        (39,986  )      39,986
borrowings - net dividends paid:
common stock                                                          (101,930  )     (70,286  )     (79,700  )
other                                                                      (29  )      (2,515  )      (6,225  )
net cash flow used in financing                                                             (128,298  )    (139,266  )     (10,898  )
activities net increase (decrease)
in cash and cash                                                        96,037         43,520       (101,535  )
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at                                                         127,142         83,622        185,157
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                 $223,179       $127,142        $83,622
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received)
during the period for:
interest - net of                                                      $27,834        $32,178        $34,012
amount capitalized income taxes                                                          ($10,065  )    $211,210       ($56,808  )
see notes to financial statements.
449
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
balance sheets assets december 31,
2014          2013
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                                                $789       $62,561
temporary cash investments                                                       222,390        64,581
total cash and cash equivalents                                                  223,179       127,142
accounts receivable:
associated companies                                                              60,907       104,419
other                                                                              5,717         6,400
total accounts receivable                                                         66,624       110,819
materials and supplies - at average cost                                          80,049        85,118
deferred nuclear refueling outage costs                                           26,580         7,853
prepayments and other                                                              2,312         1,727
total                                                                            398,744       332,659
other property and investments decommissioning trust funds                                                      679,840       603,896
total                                                                            679,840       603,896
utility plant electric                                                                       4,244,902     4,124,647
property under capital lease                                                     573,784       570,872
construction work in progress                                                     50,382        29,061
nuclear fuel                                                                     251,376       188,824
total utility plant                                                            5,120,444     4,913,404
less - accumulated depreciation and                                            2,819,688     2,699,263
amortization utility plant - net                                                            2,300,756     2,214,141
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
regulatory asset for income taxes - net                                          105,882       115,492
other regulatory assets                                                          335,613       261,740
other                                                                              9,251        15,996
total                                                                            450,746       393,228
total assets                                                                  $3,830,086    $3,543,924
see notes to financial statements.
450
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2014          2013
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt                                                $76,310       $48,653
short-term borrowings                                                             20,404             -
accounts payable:
associated companies                                                               6,252        12,778
other                                                                             33,096        31,862
taxes accrued                                                                     23,267        11,121
accumulated deferred income taxes                                                 14,175         2,310
interest accrued                                                                  33,196        11,825
other                                                                              2,365         2,312
total                                                                            209,065       120,861
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and                                            808,171       737,973
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                                               49,313        54,786
credits other regulatory liabilities                                                     371,110       349,846
decommissioning                                                                  757,918       616,157
pension and other postretirement                                                 129,152        79,411
liabilities long-term debt                                                                   634,496       708,783
other                                                                                350             -
total                                                                          2,750,510     2,546,956
commitments and contingencies common equity common stock, no par value, authorized
1,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding                                         789,350       789,350
789,350 shares in 2014 and 2013
retained earnings                                                                 81,161        86,757
total                                                                            870,511       876,107
total liabilities and equity                                                  $3,830,086    $3,543,924
see notes to financial statements.
451
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december
31, 2014, 2013, and 2012

common equity common stock    retained earnings          total
-in thousands balance at december 31,                                         $789,350              $11,213       $800,563
2011
net income                                                             -              111,866        111,866
common stock dividends                                                 -              (79,700  )     (79,700  )
balance at december 31,                                         $789,350              $43,379       $832,729
2012
net income                                                             -              113,664        113,664
common stock dividends                                                 -              (70,286  )     (70,286  )
balance at december 31,                                         $789,350              $86,757       $876,107
2013
net income                                                             -               96,334         96,334
common stock dividends                                                 -             (101,930  )    (101,930  )
balance at december 31,                                         $789,350              $81,161       $870,511
2014
see notes to financial statements.
452
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2014          2013          2012          2011          2010
-dollars in thousands operating                                      $664,364      $735,089      $622,118      $563,411      $558,584
revenues net income                                      $96,334      $113,664      $111,866       $64,197       $82,624
total assets                                 $3,830,086    $3,543,924    $3,623,516    $3,245,365    $3,224,070
long-term                                      $634,496      $708,783      $671,945      $636,885      $796,728
obligations (a)
electric energy                                   9,219         9,794         6,602         9,293         8,692
sales (gwh)
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt).
453

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 2.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

properties information regarding the registrant's properties is included in part i. item 1. - business under the sections titled "
utility
- property and other generation resources
" and "
entergy wholesale commodities
- property
" in this report.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 3.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

legal proceedings details of the registrant's material environmental regulation and proceedings and other regulatory proceedings and litigation that are pending or those terminated in the fourth quarter of 2014 are discussed in part i. item 1. -
business under the sections titled "
retail rate regulation
", "
environmental regulation
", and "
litigation
" and "
impairment of long-lived assets
" in note 1 to the financial statements in this report.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 4.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

mine safety disclosures not applicable.
executive officers of entergy corporation executive officers name                            age    position                                                    period leo p. denault (a)               55    chairman of the board and chief executive officer of        2013-present entergy corporation executive vice president and chief financial officer of     2004-2013
entergy corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and      2004-2013
system energy director of entergy texas                                   2007-2013
director of entergy new orleans                             2011-2013
william m. mohl (a)              55    president, entergy wholesale commodities                    2013-present president and chief executive officer of entergy gulf       2010-2013
states louisiana and entergy louisiana director of entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy       2010-2013
louisiana vice president, system planning of entergy services,        2007-2010
inc.
group president utility operations of entergy theodore h. bunting, jr. (a)     56    corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states          2012-present louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy texas president, chief executive officer, and director of         2014-present system energy director of entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi,          2012-present entergy new orleans, and entergy texas senior vice president and chief accounting officer of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy                2007-2012
mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy
454
table of contents name                     age    position                                                           period executive vice president and general counsel of entergy marcus v. brown (a)       53    corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana,      2013-present entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy senior vice president and general counsel of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana,      2012-2013
entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy vice president and deputy general counsel of entergy services,     2009-2012
inc.
associate general counsel of entergy services, inc.                2007-2009
andrew s. marsh (a)       43    executive vice president and chief financial officer of entergy    2013-present corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy texas, and         2013-present system energy chief financial officer of entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi,          2014-present entergy texas, and system energy vice president, system planning of entergy services, inc.          2010-2013
vice president, planning and financial communications of           2007-2010
entergy services, inc.
mark t. savoff (a)        58    executive vice president and chief operating officer of entergy    2010-present corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana,       2004-present entergy louisiana, and entergy mississippi director of entergy texas                                          2007-present director of entergy new orleans                                    2011-present executive vice president, operations of entergy corporation        2004-2010
roderick k. west (a)      46    executive vice president and chief administrative officer of       2010-present entergy corporation president and chief executive officer of entergy new orleans       2007-2010
director of entergy new orleans                                    2005-2011
jeffrey s. forbes (a)     58    executive vice president, nuclear operations/chief nuclear         2013-present officer of entergy corporation executive vice president and chief nuclear officer of entergy      2013-present arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, and entergy louisiana executive vice president and chief nuclear officer of system       2014-present entergy director of system energy                                          2013-present president and chief executive officer of system energy             2013-2014
senior vice president, nuclear operations of entergy services,     2011-2013
inc.
senior vice president and chief operating officer of entergy       2003-2011
operations, inc.
455
table of contents name                   age    position                                                                   period senior vice president and chief accounting officer of entergy alyson m. mount (a)     44    corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana,        2012-present entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy vice president corporate controller of entergy services, inc.           2010-2012
director, corporate reporting and accounting policy of entergy          2002-2010
services, inc.
donald w. vinci (a)     56    senior vice president, human resources and chief diversity           2013-present officer of entergy corporation vice president, human capital management of entergy services,                2013
inc.
vice president, gas distribution business of entergy services,          2010-2013
inc.
vice president, business development of entergy services, inc.          2008-2010
(a)  in addition, this officer is an executive officer and/or director of various other wholly owned subsidiaries of entergy corporation and its operating companies.
each officer of entergy corporation is elected yearly by the board of directors. each officer's age and title is provided as of december 31, 2014.
  
                                                                                                                 
                                                     part ii                                                     
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 5.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

market for registrants' common equity and related stockholder matters entergy corporation the shares of entergy corporation's common stock are listed on the new york stock and chicago stock exchanges under the ticker symbol etr.
the high and low prices of entergy corporation's common stock for each quarterly period in 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
2014                  2013
high                 low     high          low
-in dollars first   67.02               60.40    65.39        61.09
second  82.30               66.41    72.10        63.12
third   82.48               70.70    72.60        61.66
fourth  92.02               76.51    68.63        60.22
consecutive quarterly cash dividends on common stock were paid to stockholders of entergy corporation in 2014 and
2013. quarterly dividends of $0.83 per share were paid in 2014 and 2013.
as of january 31, 2015, there were 30,762 stockholders of record of entergy corporation.
456
table of contents unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds issuer purchases of equity securities (1)
total number        maximum $
of                     amount total number    average price               shares              of shares period                    of                   paid per               purchased            that may shares                  share               as part of a           yet be purchased                                   publicly            purchased announced        under a plan plan                      (2)
10/01/2014  -10/31/2014            -                             $-            -                   $350,052,918
11/01/2014  -11/30/2014            -                             $-            -                   $350,052,918
12/01/2014  -12/31/2014    1,906,300                         $86.56    1,906,300                   $350,052,918
total                      1,906,300                         $86.56    1,906,300
in accordance with entergy's stock-based compensation plans, entergy periodically grants stock options to key employees, which may be exercised to obtain shares of entergy's common stock. according to the plans, these shares can be newly issued shares, treasury stock, or shares purchased on the open market. entergy's management has been authorized by the board to repurchase on the open market shares up to an amount sufficient to fund the exercise of grants under the plans. in addition to this authority, the board has authorized share repurchase programs to enable opportunistic purchases in response to market conditions. in october 2010 the board granted authority for a $500
million share repurchase program. the amount of share repurchases under these programs may vary as a result of material changes in business results or capital spending or new investment opportunities. in addition, in the first quarter 2014, entergy withheld 55,076 shares of its common stock at $61.29 per share and 43,246 shares of its common stock at $63.03 per share to pay income taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock granted as part of its long-term incentive program.
(1)  see note 12 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the stock-based compensation plans.
maximum amount of shares that may yet be repurchased relates only to the $500 million plan does not
(2)  include an estimate of the amount of shares that may be purchased to fund the exercise of grants under the stock-based compensation plans.
entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy there is no market for the common stock of entergy corporation's wholly owned subsidiaries. cash dividends on common stock paid by the registrant subsidiaries during 2014 and 2013, were as follows:
2014      2013
-in millions entergy arkansas                        $10.0     $15.0
entergy gulf states louisiana          $166.9    $119.9
entergy louisiana                      $320.6    $356.3
entergy mississippi                     $61.4      $7.4
entergy new orleans                      $6.0        $-
entergy texas                           $70.0     $25.0
system energy                          $101.9     $70.3
information with respect to restrictions that limit the ability of the registrant subsidiaries to pay dividends is presented in note 7 to the financial statements.
457

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 6.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

selected financial data refer to "selected financial data - five-year comparison of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries, entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c., entergy louisiana, llc, entergy mississippi, inc., entergy new orleans, inc., entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc." which follow each company's financial statements in this report, for information with respect to selected financial data and certain operating statistics.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 7.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries, entergy gulf states, louisiana, l.l.c., entergy louisiana, llc, entergy mississippi, inc., entergy new orleans, inc., entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 7a.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries

market and credit risk sensitive instruments
."
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 8.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

financial statements and supplementary data refer to "table of contents - entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, inc., entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c., entergy louisiana, llc, entergy mississippi, inc., entergy new orleans, inc., entergy texas, inc., and system energy resources, inc."
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 9.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure no event that would be described in response to this item has occurred with respect to entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, or system energy.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 9a.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

controls and procedures disclosure controls and procedures as of december 31, 2014 , evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy (individually "registrant" and collectively the "registrants")
management, including their respective principal executive officers (peo) and principal financial officers (pfo).
the evaluations assessed the effectiveness of the registrants' disclosure controls and procedures. based on the evaluations, each peo and pfo has concluded that, as to the registrant or registrants for which they serve as peo or pfo, the registrant's or registrants' disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by each registrant in reports that it files or submits under the securities exchange act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in securities and exchange commission rules and forms; and that the registrant's or registrants' disclosure controls and procedures are also effective in reasonably assuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the registrant's or registrants' management, including their respective peos and pfos, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
458
table of contents internal control over financial reporting
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
the managements of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy (individually "registrant" and collectively the
"registrants") are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the registrants. each registrant's internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of each registrant's financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
each registrant's management assessed the effectiveness of each registrant's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2014 . in making this assessment, each registrant's management used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso) in internal control -
integrated framework. the 2013 coso framework was utilized for management's assessment.
based on each management's assessment and the criteria set forth by the 2013 coso framework, each registrant's management believes that each registrant maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2014 .
the report of deloitte & touche llp, entergy corporation's independent registered public accounting firm, regarding entergy corporation's internal control over financial reporting is included herein on page 529. the report of deloitte & touche llp is not applicable to entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy because these registrants are non-
accelerated filers.
changes in internal controls over financial reporting under the supervision and with the participation of each registrant's management, including its respective peo and pfo, each registrant evaluated changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended december 31, 2014 and found no change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.
459
table of contents attestation report of registered public accounting firm report of independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors and shareholders of entergy corporation and subsidiaries new orleans, louisiana we have audited the internal control over financial reporting of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the
"corporation") as of december 31, 2014, based on criteria established in internal control -integrated framework
(2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission. the corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in item 9a, internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the corporation's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
in our opinion, the corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2014, based on the criteria established in internal control -integrated framework
(2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission.
we have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended december 31, 2014 of the corporation and our report dated february 26, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
460

  
                                                                                                                 
                                                    part iii                                                     
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 10.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

directors and executive officers of the registrants (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
information required by this item concerning directors of entergy corporation is set forth under the heading "item
1 - election of directors" contained in the proxy statement of entergy corporation, to be filed in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held may 8, 2015, and is incorporated herein by reference.
all officers and directors listed below held the specified positions with their respective companies as of the date of filing this report, unless otherwise noted.
name                                              age    position                                  period entergy arkansas, inc.
directors hugh t. mcdonald                                   56    president and chief executive officer     2000-present of entergy arkansas director of entergy arkansas              2000-present see information under the entergy theodore h. bunting, jr.                                 corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy andrew s. marsh                                          corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy mark t. savoff                                           corporation officers section in part i.
officers marcus v. brown             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
theodore h. bunting, jr.    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
jeffrey s. forbes           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
hugh t. mcdonald            see information under the entergy arkansas directors section above.
alyson m. mount             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
mark t. savoff              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west            see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
461
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
directors phillip r. may, jr.                                      52  director of entergy gulf states       2013-present louisiana and entergy louisiana president and chief executive officer of entergy gulf states        2013-present louisiana and entergy louisiana vice president, regulatory            2002-2013
services of entergy services, inc.
see information under the entergy theodore h. bunting, jr.                                     corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy andrew s. marsh                                              corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy mark t. savoff                                               corporation officers section in part i.
officers marcus v. brown             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
theodore h. bunting, jr.    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
jeffrey s. forbes           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
phillip r. may, jr.         see information under the entergy gulf states louisiana directors section above.
alyson m. mount             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
mark t. savoff              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west            see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
entergy louisiana, llc directors phillip r. may, jr.                               see information under the entergy gulf states louisiana directors section above.
theodore h. bunting, jr.                          see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh                                   see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
mark t. savoff                                    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
462
table of contents officers marcus v. brown             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
theodore h. bunting, jr.    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
jeffrey s. forbes           see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
phillip r. may, jr.         see information under the entergy gulf states louisiana directors section above.
alyson m. mount             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
mark t. savoff              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west            see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
entergy mississippi, inc.
directors haley r. fisackerly                              49  president and chief executive officer of      2008-present entergy mississippi director of entergy mississippi               2008-present theodore h. bunting, jr.                             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh                                      see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
mark t. savoff                                       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
463
table of contents officers marcus v. brown             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
theodore h. bunting, jr.    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
haley r. fisackerly         see information under the entergy mississippi directors section above.
andrew s. marsh             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
alyson m. mount             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
mark t. savoff              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west            see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
entergy new orleans, inc.
directors charles l. rice, jr.                             50  president and chief executive officer of      2010-present entergy new orleans director of entergy new orleans               2010-present director, utility strategy of entergy         2009-2010
services, inc.
partner, barrasso, usdin, kupperman,          2005-2009
freeman & sarver, l.l.c.
theodore h. bunting, jr.                             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh                                      see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
mark t. savoff                                       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
464
table of contents officers marcus v. brown             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
theodore h. bunting, jr.    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
alyson m. mount             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
charles l. rice, jr.        see information under the entergy new orleans directors section above.
mark t. savoff              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west            see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
entergy texas, inc.
directors sallie t. rainer                           53  director of entergy texas                           2012-present president and chief executive officer of entergy    2012-present texas vice president, federal policy of entergy           2011-2012
services, inc.
director, regulatory affairs and energy             2006-2011
settlements of entergy services, inc.
theodore h. bunting, jr.                       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh                                see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
mark t. savoff                                 see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
465
table of contents officers marcus v. brown             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
theodore h. bunting, jr.    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
alyson m. mount             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
sallie t. rainer            see information under the entergy texas directors section above.
mark t. savoff              see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west            see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
each director and officer of the applicable entergy company is elected yearly to serve by the unanimous consent of the sole stockholder with the exception of the directors and officers of entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c. and entergy louisiana, llc, who are elected yearly to serve by the unanimous consent of the sole common membership owners, egs holdings, inc. and entergy louisiana holdings, respectively. entergy corporation's directors are elected annually at the annual meeting of shareholders. entergy corporation's officers are elected at the annual organizational meeting of the board of directors.
corporate governance guidelines and committee charters each of the audit, corporate governance, and personnel committees of entergy corporation's board of directors operates under a written charter. in addition, the full board has adopted corporate governance guidelines. each charter and the guidelines are available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request.
audit committee of the entergy corporation board the following directors are members of the audit committee of entergy corporation's board of directors:
steven v. wilkinson (chairman)
maureen s. bateman stuart l. levenick blanche l. lincoln all audit committee members are independent. in addition to the general independence requirements, all audit committee members must meet the heightened independence standards imposed by the sec and nyse. all audit committee members possess the level of financial literacy and accounting or related financial management expertise required by the nyse rules. steven v. wilkinson qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert," as that term is defined in the sec rules.
466
table of contents code of ethics the board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for members of the board of directors. the code is available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request. the board has also adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for employees that includes special provision relating to principal executive officer and senior financial officers. the code of business conduct and ethics for employees is to be read in conjunction with entergy's omnibus code of integrity under which entergy operates called the code of entegrity as well as system policies. all employees are required to abide by the codes. non-bargaining employees are required to acknowledge annually that they understand and abide by the code of entegrity. the code of business conduct and ethics for employees and the code of entegrity are available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request.
source of nominations to the board of directors; nominating procedure the corporate governance committee does not have any single method for identifying director candidates but will consider candidates suggested by a wide range of sources including director candidates recommended by entergy corporation's shareholders. shareholders wishing to recommend a candidate to the corporate governance committee should do so by submitting the recommendation in writing to entergy corporation's secretary at 639 loyola avenue, p.o. box 61000, new orleans, la 70161, and it will be forwarded to the corporate governance committee members for their consideration. any recommendation should include:
  the number of shares of entergy corporation held by the shareholder;
  the name and address of the candidate;
a brief biographical description of the candidate, including his or her occupation for at least the last
  five years, and a statement of the qualifications of the candidate, taking into account the qualification requirements set forth above; and
  the candidate's signed consent to serve as a director if elected and to be named in the proxy statement.
once the corporate governance committee receives the recommendation, it may request additional information from the candidate about the candidate's independence, qualifications, and other information that would assist the corporate governance committee in evaluating the candidate, as well as certain information that must be disclosed about the candidate in the proxy statement, if nominated. the corporate governance committee will apply the same standards in considering director candidates recommended by shareholders as it applies to other candidates.
section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance information called for by this item concerning the directors and officers of entergy corporation is set forth in the proxy statement of entergy corporation to be filed in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held on may 8, 2015, under the heading "section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance", which information is incorporated herein by reference.
467

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 11.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

executive compensation entergy corporation information concerning the directors and officers of entergy corporation is set forth in the proxy statement under the headings "compensation discussion and analysis," "executive compensation tables," "nominees for the board of directors," and "non-employee director compensation," all of which information is incorporated herein by reference.
entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas compensation discussion and analysis in this section, the compensation earned by the following named executive officers in 2014 is discussed. each officer's title is provided as of december 31, 2014.
name                  title leo p. denault        chairman of the board and chief executive officer haley r. fisackerly   president, entergy mississippi executive vice president and chief financial officer entergy arkansas, entergy gulf andrew s. marsh       states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans and entergy texas phillip r. may, jr.   president, entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana hugh t. mcdonald      president, entergy arkansas alyson m. mount       senior vice president and chief accounting officer entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans and entergy texas sallie t. rainer      president, entergy texas charles l. rice, jr.  president, entergy new orleans mark t. savoff        executive vice president and chief operating officer roderick k. west      executive vice president and chief administrative officer mr. denault, mr. marsh, ms. mount, mr. savoff, and mr. west serve as executive officers of entergy corporation. no additional compensation was paid in 2014 to mr. denault, mr. marsh, ms. mount, mr. savoff, or mr. west for their service as named executive officers of entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas (the "subsidiaries"). ms. mount is included in the executive compensation section of this form 10-k because she served as the principal financial officer of the subsidiaries for a portion of 2014.
table of contents cd&a highlights executive compensation programs and practices entergy corporation regularly reviews its executive compensation programs to align them with commonly viewed best practices in the market. following are some highlights of entergy corporation's executive compensation practices:
things entergy corporation does
  require a "double trigger" for severance payments or equity acceleration in the event of a change in control
  maintain a "clawback" policy that goes beyond sarbanes-oxley requirements
  cap the maximum payout at 200% of target under the long-term performance unit program and under the annual incentive plan for members of the office of the chief executive
  require minimum vesting periods for equity based awards
  target the long-term compensation mix to give more weight to performance units than to time-based restricted stock and stock options combined
  settle 100% of long-term performance unit payouts in shares of entergy stock
  require executives to hold substantially all equity compensation received from entergy corporation until stock ownership guidelines are met
  prohibit directors and officers from pledging or entering into hedging or other derivative transactions with respect to their entergy corporation shares things entergy corporation doesn't do
  no 280(g) tax "gross up" payments in the event of a change in control
  no option repricing or cash buy-outs for underwater options under the equity plans
  no agreements providing for severance payments to executive officers that exceed 2.99 times annual base salary and annual incentive awards without shareholder approval
  no unusual or excessive perquisites
  new officers are excluded from participation in the system executive retirement plan
  no grants of supplemental service credit for newly-hired officers under any of entergy corporation's non-qualified retirement plans pay for performance philosophy entergy corporation's executive compensation programs are based on a philosophy of pay-for-performance that is embodied in the design of its annual and long-term incentive plans. in keeping with this philosophy approximately
80% of the annual target compensation of entergy corporation's chief executive officer is "at risk," equity or performance-based compensation.
2014 incentive pay outcomes pay outcomes for the named executive officers during 2014 demonstrated the application of this pay-for-performance philosophy.
annual incentive plan awards awards under entergy corporation's annual incentive plan are tied to its financial performance through the entergy achievement multiplier, which is the performance metric used to determine the funding of awards under the plan. for
2014, the entergy achievement multiplier was determined based in equal part on entergy corporation's success in achieving its operational earnings per share and operating cash flow goals. these goals were approved by the personnel committee at the beginning of the year based on entergy corporation's financial plan and the board's overall goals for entergy corporation and were consistent with its published earnings guidance.
469
table of contents for 2014, the personnel committee, based on the recommendation of the finance committee, determined that management exceeded its operational earnings per share goal of $5.00 per share by $0.83 per share and exceeded its operational operating cash flow goal of $3.43 billion by approximately $517 million. based on the targets previously determined by the committee, entergy corporation's outstanding financial performance in 2014 would have resulted in an entergy achievement multiplier of 200% of target. from a qualitative standpoint, the committee also took into account management's strong performance executing on entergy corporation's strategies in 2014 and various accomplishments and challenges in 2014. included in those challenges was a decline in entergy corporation's employee safety performance, as a result of which the committee decided to exercise its discretion to reduce the calculated entergy achievement multiplier to 195%. this resulted in payouts under the annual incentive plan to the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive, including entergy corporation's chief executive officer, at 195% of each officer's target award, which the personnel committee considered to be appropriate in light of management's performance and the outstanding results achieved in 2014.
long-term performance unit program payouts under the long-term performance unit program, a substantial portion of targeted executive officer pay is tied directly to entergy corporation's relative total shareholder return. under this program, entergy corporation measures performance over a three-year period by assessing entergy's total shareholder return in relation to the total shareholder return of the companies included in the philadelphia utility index, with payouts based solely on entergy corporation's performance relative to the other companies in the index. entergy corporation measures performance based on relative total shareholder return because it encourages the executives to deliver superior shareholder value in relation to entergy corporation's peers and rewards not just stock price appreciation, but also the ability to deliver significant dividends to shareholders, and takes into account market fluctuations in the utility sector.
entergy corporation's total shareholder return, which had substantially lagged the returns of its peer group in
2012, improved significantly in 2013 and, for 2014, was near the top of the philadelphia utility index. as a result, following a review by the finance committee and the personnel committee of entergy corporation's total shareholder return in relation to the total shareholder return of the companies in the philadelphia utility index, the personnel committee determined that entergy corporation's relative total shareholder return fell within the third quartile of the philadelphia utility index for the 2012-2014 performance period, resulting in payouts of
64.64% of target. such payouts were made 100% in shares of entergy corporation stock that are required to be held by the executives until they satisfy the executive stock ownership guidelines.
what entergy corporation pays and why pay for performance philosophy entergy corporation's executive compensation programs are based on a philosophy of pay-for-performance that is embodied in the design of its annual and long-term incentive plans. entergy corporation believes the executive pay programs described in this section and in the accompanying tables have played a material role in its ability to drive strong financial and operational results and to attract and retain a highly experienced and successful management team. the annual incentive plan incentivizes and rewards the achievement of operational financial metrics that are deemed by the personnel committee to be consistent with the overall goals and strategic direction that the board has approved for entergy corporation. entergy corporation's long-term incentive programs further align the interests of its executives and its shareholders by directly tying the value of the equity awards granted to executives under these programs to the performance of entergy corporation's stock price and its total shareholder return. by incentivizing officers to achieve important financial and operational objectives and create long-term shareholder value, these programs play a key role in creating sustainable value for the benefit of all of entergy corporation's stakeholders, including its owners, customers, employees, and communities.
470
table of contents how entergy corporation sets target pay to develop a competitive compensation program, the personnel committee annually reviews compensation data from two sources:
survey data the committee uses published and private compensation survey data to develop marketplace compensation levels for the executive officers. the data, which are compiled by pay governance, llc, the committee's independent compensation consultant, compare the current compensation opportunities provided to each of the executive officers against the compensation opportunities provided to executives holding similar positions at companies with corporate revenues similar to entergy corporation's. for non-industry specific positions such as a chief financial officer, the committee reviews general industry data for total cash compensation (base salary and annual incentive) since the market for talent is broader than the utility sector. for management positions that are industry-specific such as group president, utility operations, the committee reviews data from utility companies for total cash compensation. however, for long-term incentives, all positions are reviewed relative to utility market data. the survey data reviewed by the committee cover hundreds of companies across a broad range of industries and over 60
investor-owned utility companies in the utility sector. in evaluating compensation levels against the survey data, the committee considers only the aggregated survey data. the identities of the companies participating in compensation survey data are not disclosed to, or considered by, the committee in its decision-making process and, thus, are not considered material by the committee.
the committee uses this survey data to develop compensation opportunities that are designed to deliver total target compensation at approximately the 50 th percentile of the surveyed companies. the survey data are the primary data used for purposes of assessing target compensation. as a result, mr. denault, entergy corporation's chief executive officer, is compensated at a higher level than the other named executive officers, reflecting market practices that compensate chief executive officers at greater potential compensation levels with more pay "at risk" than other named executive officers, due to the greater responsibilities and accountability required of a chief executive officer. in most cases, the committee considers its objectives to have been met if entergy corporation's chief executive officer and the eight (8) other executive officers who constitute what entergy corporation refers to as its office of the chief executive each have a target compensation opportunity that falls within the range of
85%-115% of the 50th percentile of the survey data. promoted officers or officers who are new to their roles may be transitioned into the targeted market range over time. actual compensation received by an individual officer may be above or below the targeted range based on an individual officer's skills, performance, experience and responsibilities, corporate performance, and internal pay equity. for 2014, the total target compensation of each of the named executive officers fell within the targeted range except for three officers whose total target compensation fell below the targeted range.
proxy analysis although the survey data described above are the primary data used in determining compensation, the committee reviews data derived from the proxy statements of companies included in the philadelphia utility index as an additional point of comparison. the proxy data are used to compare the compensation levels of the named executive officers with the compensation levels of the corresponding top five highest paid executive officers of the companies included in the philadelphia utility index, as reported in their proxy statements, based on pay rank and without regard to roles and responsibilities, except with respect to the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, for whom comparable roles are used. the personnel committee uses this analysis to evaluate the overall reasonableness of the entergy corporation's compensation programs. the following companies were included in the philadelphia utility index at the time the proxy data from the 2014 filings of the index were compiled:
471
table of contents aes corporation                      el paso international ameren corporation                   exelon corporation american electric power co.  inc.    firstenergy corporation centerpoint energy inc.              nextera energy consolidated edison inc.             northeast utilities covanta holding corporation          pge corporation dominion resources inc.              public service enterprise group, inc.
dte energy company                   southern company duke energy corporation              xcel energy edison international executive compensation elements the following table summarizes the elements of target direct compensation granted or paid to the executive officers under the 2014 executive compensation program. the program uses a mix of fixed and variable compensation elements and provides alignment with both short- and long-term business goals through annual and long-term incentives.
incentives are designed to drive overall corporate performance, specific business unit strategies, and individual performance using performance and operational measures the committee believes correlate to shareholder value and align with entergy corporation's strategic vision and operating priorities. the committee establishes the performance measures and ranges of performance for the variable compensation elements. an individual's award is based primarily on corporate performance, market-based compensation levels, and individual performance.
element               key characteristics    why this element is    how this amount is    2014 decisions paid                   determined fixed compensation     provides a base level  experience, job       all of the named component payable in   of competitive cash    scope, market data,   executive officers base salary           cash. reviewed         compensation for       individual            received increases in annually and adjusted  executive talent.      performance, and      their base salaries when appropriate.                             internal pay equity.  ranging from 2%-5%.
the ceo's target annual incentive award for 2014 was target opportunity    120% of base salary, is determined based   and target awards on job scope, market  were in the range of data, and internal    40%-70% of base equity.               salary for the other variable compensation  motivate and reward    for 2014, awards      named executive component payable in   executives for         were determined       officers.
annual incentive      cash based on          performance on key     based on success in   strong operational awards                performance against    financial and          meeting operational   and financial goals established      operational measures   earnings per share    performance resulted annually.              during the year.       and operating cash    in awards in the flow targets,         range of 130%-195% of subject to downward   target for each of adjustment at the     the named executive personnel             officers, after committee's           downward adjustment discretion.           for failure to meet board expectations as to safety performance.
reward executives for                        stock options granted absolute value                               in 2014 represented non-qualified stock    creation and coupled                         approximately 12% of options are granted    with restricted stock  job scope, market     total target at fair market value,  provide competitive    data, individual      compensation for stock options         have a ten year term   compensation, retain   performance, and      entergy corporation's and vest over 3 years  executive talent, and  entergy corporation   chief executive
- 33 1/3% on each      increase the           performance.          officer and anniversary of the     executive officers'                          approximately 7%-10%
grant date.            ownership in entergy                         for the other named corporation's common                         executive officers.
stock.
472
table of contents element               key characteristics    why this element is    how this amount is     2014 decisions paid                   determined coupled with stock                            restricted stock options, align                                granted in 2014
restricted stock       interests of                                  represented awards vest over 3     executives with                               approximately 12% of years - 33 1/3% on     long-term shareholder  job scope, market      total target each anniversary of    value, provide         data, individual       compensation for restricted stock      the grant date, have   competitive            performance, and       entergy awards                voting rights and      compensation, retain   entergy corporation    corporation's chief accrue dividends       executive talent, and  performance.           executive officer during the vesting     increase the                                  and approximately period.                executive officers'                           7%-10% for the other ownership of entergy                          named executive corporation's common                          officers.
stock.
performance unit grants for the 2014
each performance unit                                                to 2016 performance equals the value of                                                  cycle represented one share of entergy                                                 approximately 34% of corporation's common                                                 total target stock.  performance                                                  compensation for is measured at the                                                   entergy end of a three-year    focuses the executive  payout based on        corporation's chief performance period.    officers on building   entergy corporation's  executive officer each unit also earns   long-term shareholder  total shareholder      and approximately long-term             the equivalent of the  value and increases    return relative to     22%-31% for the performance unit      dividends paid during  the executive          the total shareholder  other named program               the performance        officers' ownership    return of the          executive officers.
period.  performance   of entergy             companies in the       strong relative units granted under    corporation's common   philadelphia utility   total shareholder the long-term          stock.                 index.                 return for 2014
performance unit                                                     resulted in third program are settled                                                  quartile performance in shares of entergy                                                 for the 2012 to 2014
common stock rather                                                  performance period, than in cash.                                                        yielding a payout of
64.64% of target for the named executive officers.
short-term compensation the personnel committee determines the base salaries for all of the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive based on competitive compensation data, performance considerations, and advice provided by the committee's independent compensation consultant. for the other named executive officers, their salaries are established by their immediate supervisors using the same criteria. the committee also considers internal pay equity; however, the committee has not established any predetermined formula against which the base salary of one named executive officer is measured against another officer or employee.
in 2014, all of the named executive officers received merit increases in their base salaries ranging from 2 to 5
percent. the increases in base salary were made in light of current economic conditions and the projected growth in executive salaries in 2014 based on the market data previously discussed in this cd&a under "what entergy corporation pays and why - how entergy corporation sets target pay," as well as an internal pay equity comparison.
473
table of contents the following table sets forth the 2013 and 2014 base salaries for the named executive officers. changes in base salaries for 2014 were effective in april.
named executive officer    2013 base salary    2014 base salary leo p. denault                   $1,085,000          $1,110,000
haley r. fisackerly                $296,174            $302,934
andrew s. marsh                    $500,000            $517,500
phillip r. may, jr.                $330,000            $338,250
hugh t. mcdonald                   $345,220            $352,121
alyson m. mount                    $286,700            $301,100
sallie t. rainer                   $291,000            $298,275
charles l. rice, jr.               $257,144            $262,287
mark t. savoff                     $632,251            $644,896
roderick k. west                   $612,726            $628,044
annual incentive plan entergy corporation includes performance-based incentives in the named executive officers' compensation packages because it believes performance-based incentives encourage the named executive officers to pursue objectives consistent with the overall goals and strategic direction that the board has approved for entergy corporation.
under the annual incentive plan, entergy corporation uses a performance metric known as the entergy achievement multiplier to determine the percentage of target annual plan opportunities that will be paid each year to each named executive officer, subject to adjustment based on individual performance. for 2014, the personnel committee maintained the following target award levels of base salary for the named executive officers:
  120% for mr. denault;
  70% for mr. marsh, mr. savoff, and mr. west;
  60% for mr. may and ms. mount;
  50% for mr. mcdonald; and
  40% for mr. fisackerly, ms. rainer, and mr. rice.
the target opportunities established for these officers were comparable to the target opportunities historically set for these positions and levels of responsibility. the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive may earn a payout ranging from 0% to 200% of their target opportunity calculated as described in the table below. the target awards for the named executive officers (other than the entergy corporation named executive officers) were set by their respective supervisors (subject to ultimate approval of entergy corporation's chief executive officer) who allocated a potential incentive pool established by the personnel committee among various of their direct and indirect reports.
target awards are set based on an executive officer's position and executive management level within the entergy organization. executive management levels at entergy range from level 1 through level 4. at december 31, 2014, mr.
denault held a level 1 position, messrs. marsh, savoff, and west held positions in level 2, ms. mount and mr. may held level 3 positions and the remaining named executive officers held positions in level 4. accordingly, their respective incentive targets differ one from another based on the external market data developed by the committee's independent compensation consultant and the other factors noted above.
each year the personnel committee reviews the performance measures used to determine the entergy achievement multiplier. in december 2013, the personnel committee decided to retain for 2014 the performance measures used for determining the 2013 entergy achievement multiplier. these measures were operational earnings per share and operating cash flow, with each measure weighted equally. the committee considered a variety of other potential measures, but determined that operational earnings per share and operating cash flow continued to be the
474
table of contents best metrics to use because, among other things, they are objective measures that entergy corporation's investors consider to be important in evaluating its financial performance and because entergy corporation's goals in that regard are broadly communicated both internally and externally. this provides both discipline and transparency that the committee believes are important objectives of any well designed incentive compensation plan.
the personnel committee also engages in a rigorous process each year to establish the targets for the annual incentive plan with a goal of establishing target achievement levels that are consistent with entergy corporation's strategy and business objectives for the upcoming year, as reflected in its financial plan, and sufficient to drive results that represent a high level of achievement for entergy corporation, taking into consideration the applicable business environment and specific challenges facing it. these targets are approved based on a comprehensive review by the full board of entergy corporation's financial plan, including changes in commodity market conditions and other key drivers of anticipated changes in performance from the preceding year. the committee further confirms that the targets it approves are aligned with the earnings guidance that will be communicated to the financial markets, which assures that the internal targets approved for purposes of entergy corporation's incentive compensation plans are aligned with the external expectations set and communicated to its shareholders.
in december 2013, after full board review of management's 2014 financial plan for entergy corporation and engaging in the process discussed above, the committee determined the annual incentive plan targets to be used for purposes of determining annual bonuses for 2014. in keeping with its past practice, the committee also determined that for purposes of measuring performance against such targets, the committee would exclude the effect on as-reported results of activities related to special items that would be excluded in determining operational results, and the effect of any major storms that may occur during the year.
the following table shows the annual incentive plan targets established by the personnel committee in december
2013, and 2014 results:
annual incentive plan targets and results performance goals(1)
minimum                target  maximum  2014 results operational earnings per share ($)    $4.50                 $5.00    $5.50         $5.83
operational operating cash flow ($    $3.02                 $3.43    $3.84        $3.947
billion)
payout as % of target                   25%                  100%     200%       195%(2)
payouts for performance between minimum and target achievement levels and between target and maximum
(1)  levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation.  there is no payout for performance below minimum.
(2)  reflects downward adjustment by personnel committee, as further described below.
in january 2015, the finance and personnel committees reviewed entergy corporation's financial results against the performance objectives reflected in the table above. based on the finance committee's recommendation, the personnel committee determined that management exceeded its operational earnings per share goal of $5.00 per share by $0.83
per share and exceeded its operational operating cash flow goal of $3.43 billion by approximately $517 million.
operational results excluded from as-reported results special items recorded for (i) expenses associated with the shutdown in december 2014 of the vermont yankee nuclear power station and the related settlement agreement reached with the state of vermont in 2014, and (ii) expenses for the implementation of the human capital management strategic imperative in 2014. the exclusion of these items was consistent with the committee's decision to approve the annual incentive plan targets for 2014 on the basis of entergy corporation's operational financial results, because such results form the basis for entergy corporation's financial plan and guidance to investors and are the primary basis on which its financial performance is evaluated by investors.
based on the targets previously determined by the committee, entergy corporation's outstanding financial performance in 2014 exceeded the maximum target achievement approved by the committee, and would have resulted
475
table of contents in an entergy achievement multiplier of 200%. however, in determining the entergy achievement multiplier, the committee also took into account management's strong performance executing on entergy corporation's strategies in
2014 and various accomplishments and challenges in 2014. included in those challenges was a decline in entergy corporation's employee safety performance from 2013, which included an increase in osha recordable accidents from the preceding year and two electrical contact incidents involving critical safety rule violations. the committee concluded that despite management's outstanding performance overall and entergy corporation's strong financial performance for the year, this decline in safety performance warranted a downward adjustment in the entergy achievement multiplier to 195%.
based on the foregoing evaluation of management performance and the recommendation of the finance committee, the personnel committee certified an entergy achievement multiplier of 195% for 2014 for the members of the office of the chief executive. after the entergy achievement multiplier was established to determine overall funding for the annual incentive plan, entergy corporation's chief executive officer allocated incentive award funding to the business units based on their business unit results (referred to as the "line of business multiplier). individual awards were determined based on the line of business multiplier as well as individual officer performance taking into account customer, operational, and safety measures.
the following table shows the annual incentive plan payouts to each named executive officer for 2014.
named executive officer  base salary  target as percentage of      payout as percentage of          2014 annual base salary                  base salary                  incentive award leo p. denault            $1,110,000  120%                         234%                              $2,597,400
haley r. fisackerly         $302,934  40%                          64%                                 $193,878
andrew s. marsh             $517,500  70%                          137%                                $706,388
phillip r. may, jr.         $338,250  60%                          78%                                 $263,835
hugh t. mcdonald            $352,121  50%                          65%                                 $228,879
alyson m. mount             $301,100  60%                          108%                                $325,188
sallie t. rainer            $298,275  40%                          58%                                 $171,500
charles l. rice, jr.        $262,275  40%                          64%                                 $167,864
mark  t. savoff             $644,896  70%                          137%                                $880,283
roderick k. west            $628,044  70%                          137%                                $857,280
long-term incentive compensation entergy corporation's goal for its long-term incentive compensation is to focus the executive officers on building shareholder value and to increase the executive officers' ownership of entergy corporation's common stock in order to more closely align their interest with those of its shareholders. in its long-term incentive compensation program, entergy corporation uses a mix of performance units, restricted stock, and stock options. performance units reward the named executive officers on the basis of total shareholder return, which is a measure of stock price appreciation and dividend payments, in relation to the companies in the philadelphia utility index.
restricted stock ties the executive officers' long-term financial interest to the long-term financial interests of entergy corporation's shareholders. stock options provide a direct incentive to increase the value of entergy corporation's common stock. in general, entergy corporation seeks to allocate the total value of long-term incentive compensation 60% to performance units and 40% to a combination of stock options and restricted stock, equally divided in value, all based on their grant date fair values. awards for individual named executive officers may vary from this target as a result of individual performance, promotions, and internal pay equity.
all of the performance units, shares of restricted stock, and stock options granted to the named executive officers in 2014 were awarded under entergy corporation's 2011 equity ownership plan and long-term cash
476
table of contents incentive plan ("2011 equity ownership plan"), which requires both a change in control and an involuntary job loss or substantial diminution of duties (a "double trigger") for the acceleration of these awards upon a change in control.
performance unit program entergy corporation issues performance unit awards to the named executive officers under its long-term performance unit program. each performance unit represents the value of one share of entergy corporation's common stock at the end of the three-year performance period, plus dividends accrued during the performance period. the personnel committee approves payout opportunities for the program at the outset of each performance period, and the program is structured to reward named executive officers only if performance goals approved by the personnel committee are met. the personnel committee has no discretion to make awards if minimum performance goals are not achieved.
the performance units granted under the long-term performance unit program and accrued dividends on any shares earned during the performance period are settled in shares of entergy common stock rather than cash. all shares paid out under the long-term performance unit program are required to be retained by the officers until applicable executive stock ownership requirements are met.
the long-term performance unit program specifies a minimum, target, and maximum achievement level, the achievement of which will determine the number of performance units that may be earned by each participant. entergy corporation measures performance by assessing entergy corporation's total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder return of the companies in the philadelphia utility index. the personnel committee identified the philadelphia utility index as the appropriate industry peer group for this purpose because the companies included in this index, in the aggregate, approximate entergy corporation in terms of business and scale. the personnel committee chose relative total shareholder return as a measure of performance because it reflects entergy corporation's creation of shareholder value relative to other electric utilities over the performance period. it also takes into account dividends paid by the companies in this index and normalizes certain events that affect the industry as a whole.
minimum, target, and maximum performance levels are determined by reference to the ranking of entergy corporation's total shareholder return against the total shareholder return of the companies in the philadelphia utility index.
the range of potential payouts under the program is shown below.
performance level         minimum                   target          maximum total shareholder return  bottom of third quartile  50thpercentile  top quartile payout                    25% of target             100% of target  200% of target there is no payout for performance below the 25th percentile. payouts between minimum and target and between target and maximum are calculated by interpolating between the bottom position of the third quartile and the median or between the median and the bottom position of the top quartile, respectively. for top quartile performance, a maximum payout of 200% of target is earned. at any given time, a participant in the long-term performance unit program may be participating in up to three performance periods. currently, participants are participating in the
2013-2015, the 2014-2016, and the 2015-2017 performance periods.
performance unit program grants. subject to achievement of the applicable performance levels, the personnel committee established the following target performance unit payout opportunities for each of the 2012-2014,
2013-2015, and 2014-2016 performance periods. each named executive officer received a larger number of performance units in 2013 and 2014 than were granted to officers at their respective levels in the preceding years to reflect the lower stock price at the time of the award as compared to the preceding year and a slight increase in targeted long-term value required to result in awards approximating the 50 th percentile of the utility market data.
477
table of contents named executive officer             2012-2014 target  2013-2015 target opportunity             2014-2016 target opportunity                                                opportunity leo p. denault(1)                             19,136                        37,156                       40,000
haley r. fisackerly                            1,500                         1,900                        2,200
andrew s. marsh(1)                             3,992                         7,442                        9,400
phillip r. may, jr.(1)                         2,075                         2,969                        3,100
hugh t. mcdonald                               1,500                         1,900                        2,200
alyson m. mount                                2,067                         3,000                        3,100
sallie t. rainer                               1,292                         1,900                        2,200
charles l. rice, jr.                           1,500                         1,900                        2,200
mark t. savoff                                 5,400                         7,600                        9,400
roderick k. west                               5,400                         7,600                        9,400
(1)  messrs. denault, marsh, and may received pro-rated awards for the 2012-2014 and 2013-2015 performance cycles as a result of their promotions in 2013.
payout for the 2012-2014 performance period . in january 2015, the committee reviewed the entergy corporation's total shareholder return for the 2012-2014 performance period in order to determine the payout to participants for the 2012-2014 performance period. the committee compared entergy corporation's total shareholder return against the total shareholder return of the companies that comprise the philadelphia utility index, with the performance measures and range of potential payouts for the 2012-2014 performance similar to the range of payouts discussed above for the 2014-2016 performance period. as recommended by the finance committee, the personnel committee determined that entergy corporation's relative total shareholder return fell within the third quartile of the philadelphia utility index for the 2012-2014 performance period, resulting in payouts to the named executive officers of 64.64% of target. beginning with the 2012-2014 performance period, payouts under the performance unit program are made in shares of entergy common stock. for the 2012-2014 performance period, the following numbers of shares of entergy common stock were issued:
  mr. denault - 13,777 shares;
  mr. marsh - 2,874 shares;
  mr. savoff and mr. west - 3,888 shares;
  mr. may - 1,494 shares;
  ms. mount - 1,462 shares;
  mr. fisackerly, mr. mcdonald, and mr. rice - 1,080 shares; and
  ms. rainer - 914 shares.
stock options and restricted stock entergy corporation grants stock options and restricted stock as part of the long-term incentive program to its executive officers. as previously discussed, the personnel committee considers several factors in determining the number of stock options and shares of restricted stock it will grant to the named executive officers, including individual performance, prevailing market practice, targeted long-term value created by the use of stock options and restricted stock, and the potential dilutive effect of stock option and restricted stock grants. the committee's assessment of individual performance of each named executive officer is the most important factor in determining the number of shares of restricted stock and stock options awarded, except with respect to the chief executive officer for whom comparative market data is the most important factor. mr. denault's 2014 awards are comparable to historical awards granted to entergy corporation's chief executive officer and reflects the decreased stock price at the time of grant. the committee, in consultation with entergy corporation's chief executive officer, reviews each other named executive officer's performance, role and responsibilities, strengths, and developmental opportunities. stock option and restricted stock awards for entergy corporation's chief executive officer are determined solely by the personnel committee on the basis of the same considerations. for all equity awards, the committee also considers entergy corporation's significant achievements for the prior year.
478
table of contents the following table sets forth the number of stock options and shares of restricted stock granted to each named executive officer in 2014. the exercise price for each option was $63.17, which was the closing price of entergy's common stock on the date of grant.
named executive officer  stock options  shares of restricted stock leo p. denault                 106,000                      13,900
haley r. fisackerly              5,800                       1,400
andrew s. marsh                 35,000                       4,900
phillip r. may, jr.              8,000                       1,800
hugh t. mcdonald                 5,500                       1,300
alyson m. mount                  8,500                       1,800
sallie t. rainer                 5,800                       1,400
charles l. rice, jr.             5,200                       1,150
mark t. savoff                  27,500                       4,200
roderick k. west                36,000                       6,000
benefits, perquisites, agreements and post-termination plans retirement plans the named executive officers participate in an entergy corporation-sponsored tax qualified final average pay defined benefit pension plan that covers a broad group of employees. in addition, each named executive officer participates in the pension equalization plan, a non-qualified restoration plan, and the system executive retirement plan, a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan. both plans are sponsored by entergy corporation.
under the terms of the pension equalization plan and system executive retirement plan, an employee participating in both plans is eligible to receive only the greater of the two benefits computed in accordance with the terms of, and conditions of each plan.
effective july 1, 2014, the pension equalization plan was amended to provide that employees who participate in entergy corporation's new cash balance pension plan are not eligible to participate in the pension equalization plan. these employees instead will participate in a new cash balance restoration plan. in addition, the pension equalization plan and all other non-qualified plans sponsored by entergy corporation were amended, as necessary, to eliminate the grant of supplemental credited service to new executive officers under any of those plans. the plan amendments were authorized by the personnel committee after reviewing comparative market data to better align entergy corporation's retirement plans with emerging market practice. also to better align with emerging market practice, effective july 1, 2014, the system executive retirement plan and the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries were closed to new participants.
see the 2014 pension benefits table for additional information regarding the operation of the plans described under this caption.
savings plan the named executive officers are eligible to participate in entergy corporation-sponsored savings plan that covers a broad group of employees. the savings plan is a tax-qualified 401(k) retirement savings plan, wherein total combined before-tax and after-tax contributions may not exceed 30% of a participant's base salary up to certain contribution limits defined by law. in addition, under the savings plan, the employer of savings plan participants, who participate in the final average pay defined benefit pension plan, matches an amount equal to seventy cents for each dollar contributed by participating employees, including the named executive officers, with respect to the first six percent of their eligible earnings under the plan for that pay period.
479
table of contents executive deferred compensation plan the named executive officers are eligible to defer up to 100% of their annual incentive plan awards into either or both of the entergy corporation-sponsored executive deferred compensation plan and the 2011 equity plan. in addition, they are eligible to defer up to 100% of their base salary into the executive deferred compensation plan.
entergy corporation believes that providing this benefit is important as a retention and recruitment tool because many, if not all, of the companies with which it competes for executive talent provide a similar arrangement to their senior executive officers. see the 2014 non-qualified deferred compensation discussion for additional information regarding the operation of the executive deferred compensation plan.
health & welfare benefits the named executive officers are eligible to participate in various health and welfare benefits available to a broad group of employees. these benefits include medical, dental, and vision coverage, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, business travel accident insurance, and long-term disability insurance. eligibility, coverage levels, potential employee contributions, and other plan design features are the same for the named executive officers as for the broad employee population.
executive disability plan all of the executive officers, including the named executive officers, are eligible to participate in the executive disability plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries. individuals who elect to participate in this plan and become disabled under the terms of the plan are eligible for 65% of the difference between their base salary and
$276,923 (i.e. the base salary that produces the maximum $15,000 monthly disability payment under the general long-
term disability plan).
perquisites entergy corporation provides the named executive officers with a limited number of perquisites and other personal benefits as part of providing a competitive executive compensation program and for employee retention. the personnel committee reviews all perquisites, including the personal use of corporate aircraft, on an annual basis.
in 2014, the named executive officers were offered corporate aircraft usage, relocation assistance, annual physical exams, and event tickets. named executive officers who are not members of the office of chief executive were provided in 2014 with club dues and tax gross up payment on some perquisites. for security and business convenience reasons, entergy corporation's chief executive officer is allowed to use corporate aircraft at entergy corporation's expense for personal use. the other named executive officers may use corporate aircraft for personal travel subject to the approval of entergy corporation's chief executive officer. from time to time, tickets to cultural and sporting events are made available to employees, including the named executive officers, for business purposes. if not utilized for business purposes, the tickets are made available to employees, including the named executive officers, for personal use. entergy corporation does not provide personal financial counseling.
relocation benefits to executive officers, including tax gross-up payments, are similar to those provided to all eligible employees. for additional information regarding perquisites, see the "all other compensation" column in the summary compensation table.
post-termination agreements and other compensation arrangements the committee believes that retention and transitional compensation arrangements are an important part of overall compensation. the committee believes that these arrangements help to secure the continued employment and dedication of the named executive officers, notwithstanding any concern that they might have at the time of a change in control regarding their own continued employment. in addition, the committee believes that these arrangements are important as recruitment and retention devices, as all or nearly all of the companies with which entergy corporation competes for executive talent have similar arrangements in place for its senior employees.
to achieve these objectives, entergy corporation has established a system executive continuity plan under which each of the named executive officers is entitled to receive "change in control" payments and benefits if such
480
table of contents officer's employment is involuntarily terminated in connection with a change in control of entergy corporation.
severance payments under the system executive continuity plan are based on a multiple of the sum of an executive officer's annual base salary plus his or her average annual incentive plan award for the two fiscal years immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the termination of employment occurs. under no circumstances can this multiple exceed 2.99 times the sum of (a) the executive officer's annual base salary as in effect at any time within one year prior to the commencement of a change in control period or if higher, immediately prior to a circumstance constituting good reason plus (b) his or her annual incentive, calculated using the average annual target opportunity derived under the annual incentive plan for the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which the officer's termination occurs, or if higher the annual incentive award actually received under the annual incentive plan for the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the termination of employment occurs. entergy corporation strives to ensure that the benefits and payment levels under the system executive continuity plan are consistent with market practices. executive officers, including the named executive officers, will not receive any tax gross-up payments on any severance benefits received under this plan. for more information regarding the system executive continuity plan, see "system executive continuity plan."
in certain cases, the committee may approve the execution of a retention agreement with an individual executive officer. these decisions are made on a case by case basis to reflect specific retention needs or other factors, including market practice. if a retention agreement is entered into with an individual officer, the committee considers the economic value associated with that agreement in making overall compensation decisions for that officer. entergy corporation has voluntarily adopted a policy that any employment or severance agreements providing severance benefits in excess of 2.99 times the sum of an officer's annual base salary and annual incentive award
(other than the value of the vesting or payment of an outstanding equity-based award or the pro rata vesting or payment of an outstanding long-term incentive award) must be approved by entergy corporation's shareholders.
entergy corporation has a retention agreement with mr. denault. in general, mr. denault's retention agreement provides for severance payments and other benefits in the event of termination of employment other than for cause or on account of death or disability in lieu of those provided under the system executive continuity plan. as with any severance benefits paid under the system executive continuity plan, mr. denault will not receive tax gross-up payments on any severance benefits he may receive under his agreement. mr. denault's retention agreement was entered into in 2006 when he was entergy corporation's chief financial officer and was designed to reflect the competition for chief financial officer talent in the marketplace at that time and the committee's assessment of the critical role this position plays in executing entergy corporation's long-term financial and other strategic objectives. based on the market data provided by its former independent compensation consultant, the committee believes the benefits and payment levels under mr. denault's retention agreement are consistent with market practices.
for additional information regarding the system executive continuity plan and mr. denault's retention agreement described above, see "2014 potential payments upon termination or change in control."
compensation policies and practices entergy corporation strives to ensure that its compensation philosophy and practices are in line with the best practices of companies in the utility industry as well as other companies in the s&p 500. some of these practices include the following:
clawback provisions entergy corporation has adopted a clawback policy that covers all individuals subject to section 16 of the exchange act, including all of the members of the office of the chief executive. under the policy, the committee will require reimbursement of incentives paid to these executive officers where:
(i) the payment was predicated upon the achievement of certain financial results with respect to the
  applicable performance period that were subsequently determined to be the subject of a material restatement other than a restatement due to changes in accounting policy; or (ii) a material miscalculation of a performance award
481
table of contents occurs, whether or not the financial statements were restated and, in either such case, a lower payment would have been made to the executive officer based upon the restated financial results or correct calculation; or in the board of directors' view, the executive officer engaged in fraud that caused or partially caused the
  need for a restatement or caused a material miscalculation of a performance award, in each case, whether or not the financial statements were restated.
the amount the committee requires to be reimbursed is equal to the excess of the gross incentive payment made over the gross payment that would have been made if the original payment had been determined based on the restated financial results or correct calculation. further, following a material restatement of the financial statements, entergy corporation will seek to recover any compensation received by its chief executive officer and chief financial officer that is required to be reimbursed under section 304 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002.
stock ownership guidelines and share retention requirements for many years, entergy corporation has had stock ownership guidelines for executives, including the named executive officers. these guidelines are designed to align the executives' long-term financial interests with those of shareholders. annually, the personnel committee monitors the executive officers' compliance with these guidelines. the ownership guidelines are as follows:
role                       value of common stock to be owned chief executive officer    6 times base salary executive vice presidents  3 times base salary senior vice presidents     2 times base salary vice presidents            1 time base salary further, to ensure compliance with the guidelines, until an executive officer satisfies the stock ownership guidelines, the officer must retain:
  all net after-tax shares paid out under the long-term performance unit program;
  all net after-tax shares of entergy corporation's restricted stock received upon vesting; and at least 75% of the after-tax net shares received upon the exercise of entergy corporation stock options, except for stock options granted before january 1, 2014, as to which the executive officer must retain at least 75% of the after-tax net shares until the earlier of achievement of the stock ownership guidelines or
  five years from the date of exercise.

trading controls and anti-pledging and anti-hedging policies executive officers, including the named executive officers, are required to receive the permission of entergy corporation's general counsel prior to entering into any transaction involving entergy corporation securities, including gifts, other than the exercise of employee stock options. trading is generally permitted only during open trading windows occurring immediately following the release of earnings. employees, who are subject to trading restrictions, including the named executive officers, may enter into trading plans under rule 10b5-1 of the exchange act, but these trading plans may be entered into only during an open trading window and must be approved by entergy corporation. the named executive officer bears full responsibility if he or she violates company policy by permitting shares to be bought or sold without pre-approval or when trading is restricted.
entergy corporation also prohibits its directors and executive officers, including the named executive officers, from pledging any entergy corporation's securities or entering into margin accounts involving entergy securities.
it prohibits these transactions because of the potential that sales of entergy corporation's securities could occur outside trading periods and without the required approval of the general counsel.
entergy corporation also has adopted an anti-hedging policy that prohibits officers, directors, and employees from entering into hedging or monetization transactions involving its common stock. prohibited transactions include,
482
table of contents without limitation, zero-cost collars, forward sale contracts, purchase or sale of options, puts, calls, straddles or equity swaps or other derivatives that are directly linked to the entergy corporation's stock or transactions involving "short-sales" of its stock. entergy corporation's board of directors adopted this policy to require officers, directors, and employees to continue to own entergy corporation stock with the full risks and rewards of ownership, thereby ensuring continued alignment of their objectives with those of entergy corporation's other shareholders.
roles and responsibilities role of the personnel committee the personnel committee has overall responsibility for approving the compensation program for the named executive officers and makes all final compensation decisions regarding the named executive officers. the committee works with entergy corporation's executive management to ensure that the compensation policies and practices are consistent with entergy corporation's values and support the successful recruitment, development, and retention of executive talent so entergy corporation can achieve its business objectives and optimize its long-term financial returns. each year, entergy corporation's senior vice president, human resources and chief diversity officer presents the proposed compensation model for the following year, including the compensation elements, mix of elements and measures for each element and consults with entergy corporation's chief executive officer on recommended compensation for senior executives. the committee evaluates executive pay each year to ensure that the compensation policies and practices are consistent with entergy corporation's philosophy. the personnel committee is responsible for, among its other duties, the following actions related to the named executive officers:
  developing and implementing compensation policies and programs for hiring, evaluating, and setting compensation for the executive officers, including any employment agreement with an executive officer;
  evaluating the performance of entergy corporation's chairman and chief executive officer; and
  reporting, at least annually, to the board on succession planning, including succession planning for the chief executive officer.
role of the chief executive officer the personnel committee solicits recommendations from entergy corporation's chief executive officer with respect to compensation decisions for the other named executive officers. entergy corporation's chief executive officer provides the personnel committee with an assessment of the performance of each of the other named executive officers and recommends compensation levels to be awarded to each of them. in addition, the committee may request that the chief executive officer provide management feedback and recommendations on changes in the design of compensation programs, such as special retention plans or changes in the structure of bonus programs. however, entergy corporation's chief executive officer does not play any role with respect to any matter affecting his own compensation, nor does he have any role determining or recommending the amount, or form of, director compensation.
the personnel committee also relies on the recommendations of senior human resources executives with respect to compensation decisions, policies, and practices.
entergy corporation's chief executive officer may attend meetings of the personnel committee only at the invitation of the chair of the personnel committee and cannot call a meeting of the committee. in addition, he is not in attendance at the portion of any meeting when the committee approves the compensation to be paid to the named executive officers. since he is not a member of the committee, he has no vote on matters submitted to the committee. during 2014, mr. denault attended 6 meetings of the personnel committee.
role of the compensation consultant entergy corporation's personnel committee has the sole authority for the appointment, compensation, and oversight of its outside compensation consultant. in 2014, the personnel committee retained pay governance llc as its independent compensation consultant to assist it in, among other things, evaluating different compensation programs, and developing market data to assess the compensation programs.
483
table of contents during 2014, pay governance assisted the committee with its responsibilities related to entergy corporation's compensation programs for its executives. the committee directed pay governance to: (i) regularly attend meetings of the committee; (ii) conduct studies of competitive compensation practices; (iii) identify market surveys and proxy peer group; (iv) review base salary, annual incentives, and long-term incentive compensation opportunities relative to competitive practices; and (v) develop conclusions and recommendations related to the executive compensation plan for consideration by the committee. a senior consultant from pay governance attended all personnel committee meetings to which he was invited in 2014.
compensation consultant independence to maintain the independence of the personnel committee's compensation consultant, the board has adopted a policy that any consultant (including its affiliates) retained by the board of directors or any committee of the board of directors to provide advice or recommendations on the amount or form of executive and director compensation should not be retained by entergy corporation or any of its affiliates to provide other services in an aggregate amount that exceeds $120,000 in any year. in 2014, the personnel committee's independent compensation consultant, pay governance llc, did not provide any services to entergy corporation other than its services to the personnel committee. annually, the committee reviews the relationship with its compensation consultant including services provided, quality of those services, and fees associated with services in its evaluation of the executive compensation consultant's independence. the committee also assesses pay governance's independence under nyse rules and has concluded that no conflict of interests exists that would prevent pay governance from independently advising the personnel committee.
tax and accounting considerations section 162(m) of the code limits the tax deductibility by a publicly held corporation of compensation in excess of
$1 million paid to the chief executive officer or any of its other named executive officers who may be section
162(m) covered employees, unless that compensation is "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of section 162(m). the personnel committee considers deductibility under section 162(m) as it structures the compensation packages that are provided to its named executive officers. likewise, the personnel committee considers financial accounting consequences as it structures the compensation packages that are provided to the named executive officers. however, the personnel committee and the board believe that it is in the best interest of entergy corporation that the personnel committee retains the flexibility and discretion to make compensation awards, whether or not deductible. this flexibility is necessary to foster achievement of performance goals established by the personnel committee, as well as other corporate goals that the committee deems important to entergy corporation's success, such as encouraging employee retention and rewarding achievement of key goals.
personnel committee report the personnel committee report included in the entergy corporation proxy statement is incorporated by reference, but will not be deemed to be "filed" in this annual report on form 10-k. none of the subsidiaries has a compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent functions. the board of directors of each of the subsidiaries is comprised of individuals who are officers or employees of entergy corporation or one of the subsidiaries. these boards do not make determinations regarding the compensation paid to executive officers of the subsidiaries.
484
table of contents executive compensation tables
2014 summary compensation tables the following table summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each of the named executive officers for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2014, and to the extent required by sec rules, for the fiscal years ended 2013
and 2012. for information on the principal positions held by each of the named executive officers, see item 10,
"directors and executive officers of the registrants." the compensation set forth in the table represents the aggregate compensation paid by all entergy system companies. none of the entergy system companies has entered into any employment agreements with any of the named executive officers (other than the retention agreements described in "2014 potential payments upon termination or change in control"). for additional information regarding the material terms of the awards reported in the following tables, including a general description of the formula or criteria to be applied in determining the amounts payable, see "compensation discussion and analysis."
(a)          -b          -c         -d          -e          -f          -g          -h          -i           -j change in non-equ...     pension name                                         stock      option    incenti...       value andpri...    year      salary      bonus      awards      awards        plan         and    allothe...        total positi...              (1)(2)        (3)         (4)         (5)    compens...    non-qua...
(6)    deferred compens...
earnings
(7)
leo p.     2014    $1,103,...         $-    $3,564,...    $923,260    $2,597,...    $3,578,...     $57,538    $11,824,...
denault chairm...    2013    $1,039,...         $-    $3,780,...    $400,000    $1,770,...    $630,800     $44,690    $7,665,6...
of the board and ceo    2012    $669,564         $-    $647,594    $282,600    $448,779    $972,400     $22,657    $3,043,5...

entergy corp.
haley r.         2014    $300,941         $-    $236,190     $50,518    $193,878    $281,100     $33,311    $1,095,9...
fisack...
ceo -      2013    $294,090    $10,000    $214,624     $48,000    $142,368          $-     $28,058     $737,140
entergy missis...    2012    $287,296    $30,000    $186,225     $43,332    $139,000    $284,900     $26,781     $997,534
andrew s.         2014    $512,721         $-    $940,837    $304,850    $706,388    $750,900     $26,722    $3,242,4...
marsh execut...    2013    $477,846         $-    $921,927    $256,000    $476,000    $157,700    $213,663    $2,503,1...
vice presid...
and cfo

entergy corp.
acting princi...
financ...
officer entergy arkans...
entergy gulf states louisi...
entergy louisi...
entergy missis...
entergy new orlean...
entergy texas phillip r. may,    2014    $335,997         $-    $321,902     $69,680    $263,835    $546,000     $20,641    $1,558,0...
jr.
ceo -
entergy    2013    $321,860     $5,000    $325,813     $48,000    $238,223          $-     $16,547     $955,443
gulf states louisi...
and entergy louisi...
hugh t.    2014    $350,104         $-    $229,873     $47,905    $228,879    $400,800     $48,766    $1,306,3...
mcdona...
ceo -      2013    $342,791    $10,000    $214,624     $48,000    $191,562          $-     $48,326     $855,303
entergy arkans...    2012    $334,891    $30,000    $193,355     $43,332    $202,000    $452,900     $38,819    $1,295,2...
485

(a)          -b          -c         -d          -e          -f          -g          -h          -i           -j change in non-equ...     pension name                                         stock      option    incenti...       value andpri...    year      salary      bonus      awards      awards        plan         and    allothe...        total positi...              (1)(2)        (3)         (4)         (5)    compens...    non-qua...
(6)    deferred compens...
earnings
(7)
alyson m.         2014    $297,166         $-    $321,902     $74,035    $325,188    $369,400     $21,549    $1,409,2...
mount former     2013    $284,896         $-    $312,360     $71,200    $245,000     $69,200     $14,553     $997,209
acting princi...    2012    $252,389         $-    $320,401          $-    $210,000    $384,700     $11,556    $1,179,0...
financ...
officer entergy arkans...
entergy gulf states louisi...
entergy louisi...
entergy missis...
entergy new orlean...
entergy texas sallie t.         2014    $296,288         $-    $236,190     $50,518    $171,500    $504,000     $32,250    $1,290,7...
rainer ceo -      2013    $286,692    $10,000    $214,624     $46,400    $140,184     $57,800     $22,779     $778,479
entergy texas      2012    $251,907    $30,000    $215,262          $-    $128,000    $581,300     $13,714    $1,220,1...
charles l.         2014    $260,880         $-    $220,398     $45,292    $167,864    $135,700     $31,402     $861,536
rice, jr.
ceo -
entergy    2013    $255,786    $10,000    $201,704     $40,000    $112,446     $67,900     $24,078     $711,914
new orleans    2012    $250,781    $30,000    $175,530     $43,332    $115,000     $96,900     $24,422     $735,965
mark t.    2014    $641,443         $-    $896,618    $239,525    $880,283    $733,800     $49,902    $3,441,5...
savoff execut...    2013    $628,913         $-    $677,616    $200,000    $601,903    $197,400     $33,141    $2,338,9...
vice presid...
and        2012    $616,583         $-    $540,644    $169,560    $412,203    $664,500     $35,775    $2,439,2...
chief operat...
officer

entergy corp.
roderi...    2014    $623,854         $-    $1,010,...    $313,560    $857,280    $782,400     $43,648    $3,631,0...
k. west execut...    2013    $606,381         $-    $2,318,...    $320,000    $583,315    $147,800     $27,045    $4,003,4...
vice presid...
and        2012    $584,540         $-    $647,594    $282,600    $391,791    $991,000     $46,097    $2,943,6...
chief admini...
officer

entergy corp.
(1)  the amounts in column (c) represent the actual base salary paid to the named executive officer.  the 2014
changes in base salaries noted in the compensation discussion and analysis were effective in april 2014.
(2)  mr. marsh was not a named executive officer in 2012.
(3)  the amounts in column (d) in 2013 and 2012 for mr. fisackerly, mr. mcdonald, ms. rainer, and mr. rice and in 2013 for mr. may represent a cash bonus paid in recognition of their work supporting the move to miso.
the amounts in column (e) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock, restricted units, and performance units granted under the 2011 equity ownership plan calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic 718, without taking into account estimated forfeitures.  the grant date fair value of the restricted stock and the restricted units is based on the closing price of entergy corporation common
(4)  stock on the date of grant.  the grant date fair value of performance units is based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance conditions, measured using a monte carlo simulation valuation model.
the simulation model applies a risk-free interest rate and an expected volatility assumption.  the risk-free rate is assumed to equal the yield on a three-year treasury bond on the grant date.  volatility is based on historical volatility for the 36-month period preceding the grant date.  if the highest achievement level is attained, the maximum amounts
486
table of contents that will be received with respect to the performance units granted in 2014 are as follows: mr. denault,
$5,053,600; mr. fisackerly, $277,948; mr. marsh, $1,187,596; mr. may, $391,654; mr. mcdonald, $277,948; ms. mount,
$391,654; ms. rainer, $277,948; mr. rice, $277,948; mr. savoff, $1,187,596; and mr. west, $1,187,596.
the amounts in column (f) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted under the
(5)  2011 equity ownership plan calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic 718.  for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in valuing these awards, see note 12 to the financial statements.
(6)  the amounts in column (g) represent cash payments made under the annual incentive plan.
the amounts in column (h) include the annual actuarial increase in the present value of the named executive officers' benefits under all pension plans established by entergy corporation using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in entergy corporation's financial
(7)  statements and include amounts which the named executive officers may not currently be entitled to receive because such amounts are not vested (see "2014 pension benefits").  none of the increase is attributable to above-market or preferential earnings on non-qualified deferred compensation (see "2014 non-qualified deferred compensation").
the amounts in column (i) for 2014 include (a) matching contributions by entergy corporation under the
(8)  savings plan to each of the named executive officers; (b) dividends paid on restricted stock when vested;
(c) life insurance premiums; (d) tax gross up payments on club dues; and (e) perquisites and other compensation.  the amounts are listed in the following table:
named executive            company       dividends paid         life    tax gross    perquisites and officer             contribution -        on restricted    insurance           up              other      total savings plan                stock      premium     payments       compensation leo p. denault             $10,920              $31,934       $7,482           $-             $7,202    $57,538
haley r.                   $10,890               $7,150         $995       $3,893            $10,383    $33,311
fisackerly andrew s. marsh            $10,919              $10,816       $3,157           $-             $1,830    $26,722
phillip r. may,            $10,920               $6,655       $2,646           $-               $420    $20,641
jr.
hugh t. mcdonald           $10,920               $7,366       $6,976       $8,073            $15,431    $48,766
alyson m. mount            $10,920               $7,598         $297           $-             $2,734    $21,549
sallie t. rainer           $10,920               $6,047       $3,137       $2,955             $9,191    $32,250
charles l. rice,           $10,920               $5,779       $4,870       $1,743             $8,090    $31,402
jr.
mark t. savoff             $10,920              $18,486       $7,482           $-            $13,014    $49,902
roderick k. west           $10,920              $24,208       $2,610           $-             $5,910    $43,648
perquisites and other compensation the amounts set forth in column (i) include perquisites and other personal benefits that entergy corporation provides to the named executive officers as part of providing a competitive executive compensation program and for employee retention. the following perquisites and other compensation were provided by entergy corporation in 2014.
487
table of contents named executive officer  personal use of     club dues  executive  event corporate aircraft             physicals  tickets leo p. denault           x                              x haley r. fisackerly                          x          x andrew s. marsh                                         x          x phillip r. may, jr.                                                x hugh t. mcdonald                             x alyson m. mount                                         x sallie t. rainer         x                   x charles l. rice, jr.                         x          x          x mark t. savoff           x                              x roderick k. west         x                              x          x for security and business reasons, entergy corporation permits its chief executive officer to use its corporate aircraft for personal use at the expense of entergy corporation. the other named executive officers may use the corporate aircraft for personal travel subject to the approval of entergy corporation's chief executive officer.
the amounts included in column (i) for the personal use of corporate aircraft, reflect the incremental cost to entergy corporation for use of the corporate aircraft, determined on the basis of the variable operational costs of each flight, including fuel, maintenance, flight crew travel expense, catering, communications, and fees, including flight planning, ground handling, and landing permits. in addition, entergy corporation offers its executives comprehensive physical exams at entergy corporation's expense. tickets to cultural and sporting events are purchased for business purposes, and if not utilized for business purposes, the tickets are made available to the employees, including the named executive officers, for personal use. entergy corporation also provides relocation benefits to a broad base of employees which include assistance with moving expenses, purchase and sale of homes, and transportation of household goods. none of the perquisites referenced above exceeded $25,000 for any of the other named executive officers.
488

2014 grants of plan-based awards the following table summarizes award grants during 2014 to the named executive officers.
est...                est...
fut...                fut...
pay...                pay...
und...                und...
non...                equ...
inc...                inc...
plan                plan awa...                awa...
(a)    -b      -c      -d    -e          -f          -g          -h            -i            -j       -k     -l all           all oth...          ot...            gr...
sto...          op...    exe...    da...
awa...          aw...      or    fa...
gra...    thr...                                                            num...          nu...    base    va...
na...    date    old   tar...  max...          thr...        tar...        max...          of            of     pri...     of sha...          se...      of    st...
of            un...    opt...    and sto...          ly...    awa...    op...
or            op...            aw...
uni...
-$      -$    -$          -#          -#          -#            -#)           -#)    -$/...    -$)
(3            (4              (5
leo    1/3...    -     $1,...  $2,...
p.
de...    1/3...                        10,...        40,...        80,...                                             $2...
1/3...                                                              13,...                               $8...
1/3...                                                                            106...         $63...    $9...
ha...    1/3...    -     $12...  $24...
r.
fi...    1/3...                         550        2,2...        4,4...                                             $1...
1/3...                                                              1,4...                               $8...
1/3...                                                                            5,8...         $63...    $5...
an...    1/3...    -     $36...  $72...
s.
ma...    1/3...                        2,3...        9,4...        18,...                                             $6...
1/3...                                                              4,9...                               $3...
1/3...                                                                            35,...         $63...    $3...
ph...    1/3...    -     $20...  $40...
r.
ma...    1/3...                         775        3,1...        6,2...                                             $2...
jr.
1/3...                                                              1,8...                               $1...
1/3...                                                                            8,0...         $63...    $6...
hu...    1/3...    -     $17...  $35...
t.
mc...    1/3...                         550        2,2...        4,4...                                             $1...
1/3...                                                              1,3...                               $8...
1/3...                                                                            5,5...         $63...    $4...
al...    1/3...    -     $18...  $36...
m.
mo...    1/3...                         775        3,1...        6,2...                                             $2...
1/3...                                                              1,8...                               $1...
1/3...                                                                            8,5...         $63...    $7...
sa...    1/3...    -     $11...  $23...
t.
ra...    1/3...                         550        2,2...        4,4...                                             $1...
1/3...                                                              1,4...                               $8...
1/3...                                                                            5,8...         $63...    $5...
489
table of contents est...                est...
fut...                fut...
pay...                pay...
und...                und...
non...                equ...
inc...                inc...
plan                plan awa...                awa...
(a)    -b      -c      -d    -e          -f          -g          -h            -i           -j       -k      -l all          all oth...         oth...           gra...
sto...         opt...    ex...    date awa...         awa...     or    fair gra...    thr...                                                            num...         num...    ba...    val...
na...    date    old   tar...  max...          thr...        tar...        max...          of           of      pr...      of sha...         sec...     of    sto...
of           und...    op...     and sto...         lyi...    aw...    opt...
or           opt...           awa...
uni...
-$      -$    -$          -#          -#          -#            -#)          -#)     -$...     -$)
(3           (4               (5
ch...    1/3...    -     $10...  $20...
l.
ri...    1/3...                         550        2,2...        4,4...                                            $14...
jr.
1/3...                                                              1,1...                              $72...
1/3...                                                                            5,...          $6...    $45...
ma...    1/3...    -     $45...  $90...
t.
sa...    1/3...                        2,3...        9,4...        18,...                                            $63...
1/3...                                                              4,2...                              $26...
1/3...                                                                            27...          $6...    $23...
ro...    1/3...    -     $43...  $87...
k.
we...    1/3...                        2,3...        9,4...        18,...                                            $63...
1/3...                                                              6,0...                              $37...
1/3...                                                                            36...          $6...    $31...
the amounts in columns (c), (d), and (e) represent minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the
(1)  annual incentive plan.  the actual amounts awarded are reported in column (g) of the summary compensation table.
the amounts in columns (f), (g), and (h) represent the minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the long-term performance unit program.  performance under the program is measured by entergy corporation's total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder returns of the companies included
(2)  in the philadelphia utility index.  if entergy corporation's total shareholder return is not at least 25%
of that for the philadelphia utility index, there is no payout.  subject to achievement of performance targets, each unit will be converted into one share of entergy corporation's common stock on the last day of the performance period (december 31, 2016.)  accrued dividends on the shares earned will also be paid in entergy corporation common stock.
the amounts in column (i) represent shares of restricted stock granted under the 2011 equity ownership
(3)  plan.  shares of restricted stock vest one-third on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant, have voting rights, and accrue dividends during the vesting period.
the amounts in column (j) represent options to purchase shares of entergy corporation's common stock.  the
(4)  options vest one-third on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date and have a ten-year term from the date of grant. the options were granted under the 2011 equity ownership plan.
the amounts in column (l) are valued based on the aggregate grant date fair value of the award calculated
(5)  in accordance with fasb asc topic 718 and, in the case of the performance units, are based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance conditions.  see notes 4 and 5 to the summary compensation table for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value.
490

2014 outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end the following table summarizes, for each named executive officer, unexercised options, restricted stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards outstanding as of the end of 2014.
opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
(a)              -b               -c       -d           -e    -f        -g                -h    -i           -j equi...
equity    ince...
incen...     plan mark...    plan      awar...
equity                       numb...          value    award...    mark...
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
unex...            unex...    secur...    price    date      stock          stock    or        shar...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
not        that vested     have not vest...
-#               -#       -#           -$              -#                -$    -#           -$
leo           -           106,0...                     $63....    1/30/...
p.
dena...    16,666           33,33...                     $64....    1/31/...
20,000           10,00...                     $71....    1/26/...
25,000           -                          $72....    1/27/...
50,000           -                          $77....    1/28/...
45,000           -                          $77....    1/29/...
50,000           -                          $108...    1/24/...
60,000           -                          $91....    1/25/...
50,000           -                          $68....    1/26/...
80,00...    $6,9...
74,31...    $6,5...
13,9...          $1,2...
4,00...          $349...
1,33...          $116...
haley         -           5,800...                     $63....    1/30/...
r.
fisa...         -           4,000...                     $64....    1/31/...
-           1,534...                     $71....    1/26/...
2,900           -                          $72....    1/27/...
9,000           -                          $77....    1/28/...
3,800           -                          $77....    1/29/...
5,000           -                          $108...    1/24/...
2,500           -                          $91....    1/25/...
4,400...    $384...
3,800...    $332...
1,40...          $122...
934(...          $81,...
400(...          $34,...
491
table of contents opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
(a)              -b               -c       -d           -e    -f        -g                -h    -i           -j equi...
equity    ince...
incen...     plan mark...    plan      awar...
equity                       numb...          value    award...    mark...
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
unex...            unex...    secur...    price    date      stock          stock    or        shar...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
not        that vested     have not vest...
-#               -#       -#           -$              -#                -$    -#           -$
andr...         -           35,00...                     $63....    1/30/...
s.
marsh    10,666           21,33...                     $64....    1/31/...
6,666           3,334...                     $71....    1/26/...
4,000           -                          $72....    1/27/...
9,100           -                          $77....    1/28/...
8,000           -                          $77....    1/29/...
10,000           -                          $108...    1/24/...
5,000           -                          $91....    1/25/...
5,500           -                          $68....    1/26/...
18,80...    $1,6...
14,88...    $1,3...
4,90...          $428...
2,66...          $223...
467(...          $40,...
phil...         -           8,000...                     $63....    1/30/...
r.
may,      2,000           4,000...                     $64....    1/31/...
jr.
3,066           1,534...                     $71....    1/26/...
2,900           -                          $72....    1/27/...
6,000           -                          $77....    1/28/...
4,700           -                          $77....    1/29/...
6,500           -                          $108...    1/24/...
5,000           -                          $91....    1/25/...
4,500           -                          $68....    1/26/...
6,200...    $542...
5,938...    $519...
1,80...          $157...
934(...          $81,...
400(...          $34,...
492
table of contents opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
(a)              -b               -c       -d           -e    -f        -g                -h    -i           -j equi...
equity    ince...
incen...     plan mark...    plan      awar...
equity                       numb...          value    award...    mark...
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
unex...            unex...    secur...    price    date      stock          stock    or        shar...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
not        that vested     have not vest...
-#               -#       -#           -$              -#                -$    -#           -$
hugh          -           5,500...                     $63....    1/30/...
t.
mcdo...     2,000           4,000...                     $64....    1/31/...
3,066           1,534...                     $71....    1/26/...
2,900           -                          $72....    1/27/...
4,600           -                          $77....    1/28/...
4,500           -                          $77....    1/29/...
7,000           -                          $108...    1/24/...
12,000           -                          $91....    1/25/...
7,500           -                          $68....    1/26/...
4,400...    $384...
3,800...    $332...
1,30...          $113...
934(...          $81,...
434(...          $37,...
alys...         -           8,500...                     $63....    1/30/...
m.
mount         -           5,934...                     $64....    1/31/...
4,500           -                          $108...    1/24/...
5,400           -                          $91....    1/25/...
6,200...    $542...
6,000...    $524...
1,80...          $157...
1,20...          $104...
500(...          $43,...
sall...         -           5,800...                     $63....    1/30/...
t.
rain...     1,933           3,867...                     $64....    1/31/...
2,500           -                          $77....    1/28/...
1,200           -                          $77....    1/29/...
2,300           -                          $108...    1/24/...
2,000           -                          $91....    1/25/...
2,500           -                          $68....    1/26/...
4,400...    $384...
3,800...    $332...
1,40...          $122...
934(...          $81,...
434(...          $37,...
493
table of contents opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
(a)              -b               -c       -d           -e    -f        -g                -h    -i           -j equi...
equity    ince...
incen...     plan mark...    plan      awar...
equity                       numb...          value    award...    mark...
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
unex...            unex...    secur...    price    date      stock          stock    or        shar...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
not        that vested     have not vest...
-#               -#       -#           -$              -#                -$    -#           -$
char...         -           5,200...                     $63....    1/30/...
l.
rice,     1,666           3,334...                     $64....    1/31/...
jr.
3,066           1,534...                     $71....    1/26/...
2,900           -                          $72....    1/27/...
4,400...    $384...
3,800...    $332...
1,15...          $100...
800(...          $69,...
350(...          $30,...
mark          -           27,50...                     $63....    1/30/...
t.
savo...     8,333           16,66...                     $64....    1/31/...
12,000           6,000...                     $71....    1/26/...
17,000           -                          $72....    1/27/...
30,000           -                          $77....    1/28/...
30,000           -                          $77....    1/29/...
27,000           -                          $108...    1/24/...
35,000           -                          $91....    1/25/...
18,80...    $1,6...
15,20...    $1,3...
4,20...          $367...
1,86...          $163...
834(...          $72,...
rode...         -           36,00...                     $63....    1/30/...
k.       13,333           26,66...                     $64....    1/31/...
west
20,000           10,00...                     $71....    1/26/...
17,000           -                          $72....    1/27/...
7,000           -                          $77....    1/28/...
5,000           -                          $77....    1/29/...
8,000           -                          $108...    1/24/...
12,000           -                          $91....    1/25/...
18,80...    $1,6...
15,20...    $1,3...
6,00...          $524...
3,33...          $291...
1,33...          $116...
21,0...          $1,8...
494

(1)  consists of options that vested or will vest as follows: 1/3 of the options granted vest on each of
1/30/2015, 1/30/2016 and 1/30/2017.
(2)  consists of options that vested or will vest as follows: 1/2 of the remaining unexercisable options vest on each of 1/31/2015 and 1/31/2016.
(3)  the remaining unexercisable options vested on 1/26/2015.
consists of performance units that will vest on december 31, 2016 based on entergy corporation's total
(4)  shareholder return performance over the 2014-2016 performance period, as described under "what we pay and why- executive compensation elements - long-term incentive compensation - performance unit program" in compensation discussion and analysis.
(5)  consists of performance units that will vest on december 31, 2015 based on entergy corporation's total shareholder return performance over the 2013-2015 performance period.
(6)  consists of shares of restricted stock that vested or will vest as follows:  1/3 of the shares of restricted stock granted vest on each of 1/30/2015, 1/30/2016 and 1/30/2017.
(7)  consists of shares of restricted stock that vested or will vest as follows:  1/2 of the shares of restricted stock granted vest on each of 1/31/2015 and 1/31/2016.
(8)  consists of shares of restricted stock that vested on 1/26/2015.
(9)  consists of restricted units granted under the 2011 equity ownership plan which will vest on may 1, 2018.
2014 option exercises and stock vested the following table provides information concerning each exercise of stock options and each vesting of stock during
2014 for the named executive officers.
options awards                               stock awards
(a)                             -b                         -c    -d                                  -e number of               value    number of                        value name                            shares               realized    shares                        realized acquired          on exercise    acquired                    on vesting on exercise                      on vesting
-#                         -$    -#                                  -$
leo p. denault          35,000                       $477,575    17,370(1)                   $1,423,990
haley r. fisackerly      6,066                        $61,983    2,136(1)                      $164,281
andrew s. marsh          7,000                        $78,385    4,715(1)                      $369,715
phillip r. may, jr.      7,000                        $75,732    2,458(1)                      $193,263
hugh t. mcdonald        10,000                        $53,055    2,169(1)                      $166,520
alyson m. mount         24,466                        $67,906    2,670(1)                      $202,276
sallie t. rainer         2,500                        $31,434    1,901(1)                      $145,240
charles l. rice, jr.         -                             $-    1,937(1)                      $150,599
mark t. savoff          50,000                       $534,219    6,257(1)                      $495,030
roderick k. west         2,001                        $28,988    7,490(1)                      $577,597
represents the value of performance units for the 2012-2014 performance period (payable solely in shares
(1)  based on the closing stock price of the company on the dates of vesting) under the performance unit program and the vesting of shares of restricted stock in 2014.
495

2014 pension benefits the following table shows the present value as of december 31, 2014, of accumulated benefits payable to each of the named executive officers, including the number of years of service credited to each named executive officer, under the retirement plans sponsored by entergy corporation, determined using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions set forth in note 11 to the financial statements. additional information regarding these retirement plans is included in compensation discussion & analysis under the heading, "benefits, perquisites, agreements, and post-retirement plans" and following this table. in addition, this section includes information regarding early retirement options under the plans.
number          present    payments name                    plan                                                of years       value of    during name                                                credited    accumulated    2014
service         benefit leo p. denault(1)       non-qualified system                         30.83               $9,539,500    $-
executive retirement plan qualified defined                            15.83                 $546,100    $-
benefit plan haley r. fisackerly     non-qualified system                         19.08                 $843,300    $-
executive retirement plan qualified defined                            19.08                 $538,700    $-
benefit plan andrew s. marsh         non-qualified systemexecutive retirement     16.37               $1,621,700    $-
plan qualified definedbenefit plan                16.37                 $354,600    $-
phillip r. may, jr.     non-qualified systemexecutive retirement     28.56               $1,346,100    $-
plan qualified definedbenefit plan                28.56                 $888,600    $-
hugh t. mcdonald(2)     non-qualified system                         32.93               $1,615,100    $-
executive retirement plan qualified defined                            31.44               $1,142,200    $-
benefit plan alyson m. mount         non-qualified system                         12.35                 $696,600    $-
executive retirement plan qualified defined                            12.35                 $294,100    $-
benefit plan sallie t. rainer(2)     non-qualified system                         30.38                 $818,800    $-
executive retirement plan qualified defined                            28.52                 $981,100    $-
benefit plan charles l. rice, jr.    non-qualified system                          5.47                 $256,200    $-
executive retirement plan qualified defined                             5.47                 $157,400    $-
benefit plan
496
table of contents number          present    payments name                plan                                of years       value of    during name                                credited    accumulated    2014
service         benefit mark t. savoff      non-qualified system         11.06               $3,329,000    $-
executive retirement plan qualified defined            11.06                 $437,600    $-
benefit plan roderick k. west    non-qualified system         15.75               $2,830,500    $-
executive retirement plan qualified defined            15.75                 $387,700    $-
benefit plan during 2006, mr. denault entered into an agreement granting an additional 15 years of service under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan if he continues to work for an entergy system company
(1)  employer and, after age 55, retires with the permission of his employer or his employment is terminated due to death or disability. the additional 15 years increases the present value of his benefit by
$2,246,700.
(2)  service under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan is granted from date of hire.  qualified plan benefit service is granted from the later of date of hire or plan participation date.
qualified retirement benefits the qualified retirement plan in which the named executive officers participate is a funded, tax-qualified, noncontributory defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to most of the non-bargaining unit employees of entergy system companies. all named executive officers are participants in this plan. benefits under the tax-
qualified pension plan are calculated as an annuity payable at age 65 and generally equal to 1.5% of a participant's final average monthly earnings (fame) multiplied by years of service (not to exceed 40). "earnings"
for purposes of calculating fame generally includes the employee's base salary and eligible annual incentive award and excludes all other bonuses. fame is calculated using the employee's average monthly earnings for the 60
consecutive months in which the employee's earnings were highest during the 120 month period immediately preceding the employee's retirement and includes up to 5 annual bonuses paid during the 60 month period. benefits under the tax-qualified plan are payable monthly after attainment of at least age 55 and after separation from an entergy system company. the amount of annual earnings that may be considered in calculating benefits under the tax-
qualified pension plan is limited by federal law. participants are 100% vested in their benefit upon completing 5
years of vesting service or upon attainment of age 65 while an active employee participant in the plan.
contributions to the pension plan are made entirely by the entergy system employer and are paid into a trust fund from which the benefits of participants will be paid.
normal retirement under the plan is age 65. employees who terminate employment prior to age 55 may receive a reduced deferred vested retirement benefit commencing as early as age 55 that is based on the normal retirement benefit (reduced by 7% per year for the first 5 years commencement precedes age 65, and reduced by 6% for each additional year commencement precedes age 65). employees who are at least age 55 with 10 years of vesting service upon termination of employment are entitled to a subsidized early retirement benefit beginning as early as age 55.
the subsidized early retirement benefit is equal to the normal retirement benefit reduced by 2% per year for each year that early retirement precedes age 65.
mr. denault, mr. mcdonald, and mr. savoff are eligible for subsidized early retirement benefits.
497
table of contents non-qualified retirement benefits the named executive officers are eligible to participate in certain non-qualified retirement benefit plans that provide retirement income, including the pension equalization plan and the system executive retirement plan. each of these plans is an unfunded non-qualified defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to key management employees. in these plans, as described below, an executive is typically enrolled in one or more plans but only paid the amount due under the plan that provides the highest benefit. in general, upon disability, participants in the pension equalization plan and the system executive retirement plan remain eligible for continued service credits until the earlier of recovery, separation from service due to disability, or retirement eligibility.
generally, spouses of participants who die before commencement of benefits may be eligible for a portion of the participant's accrued benefit.
all of the named executive officers participate in both the pension equalization plan and the system executive retirement plan.
the pension equalization plan the pension equalization plan is a non-qualified unfunded restoration retirement plan that provides for the payment to participants from entergy corporation's general assets of a single lump sum cash distribution upon separation from service generally equal to the actuarial present value of the difference between the amount that would have been payable as an annuity under the tax-qualified pension plan, but for internal revenue code limitations on pension benefits and earnings that may be considered in calculating tax-qualified pension benefits, and the amount actually payable as an annuity under the tax-qualified pension plan. the pension equalization plan also takes into account as eligible earnings certain incentive awards paid under the annual incentive plan and includes supplemental credited service granted to a participant in calculating his or her benefit. participants receive their pension equalization plan benefit in the form of a single sum cash distribution. the benefits under this plan are offset by benefits payable from the qualified retirement plan and may be offset by prior employer benefits. the pension equalization plan benefit attributable to supplemental credited service is not vested until age 65. subject to the prior written consent of the entergy system company employer (which consent is deemed given if the participant's employment is terminated within twenty-four months following a change in control by the employer without "cause" or by the participant for "good reason," as each is defined in the plan), an employee with supplemental credited service who terminates employment prior to age 65 may be vested in his or her benefit, with payment of the lump sum benefit generally at separation from service unless delayed six months under internal revenue code section 409a. benefits payable prior to age 65 are subject to the same reductions as qualified plan benefits.
effective july 1, 2014, participants in the pension equalization plan will not be provided with supplemental credited service unless the grant of supplemental credited service was approved and accepted in writing by the plan administrator prior to july 1, 2014. in addition, the pension equalization plan was amended effective july 1, 2014
to provide that employees who participate in the entergy corporation's cash balance pension plan adopted june 30,
2014 are not eligible to participate in the pension equalization plan and instead are eligible to participate in a new cash balance restoration plan.
the system executive retirement plan the system executive retirement plan is a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan that provides for a single sum payment at age 65. like the pension equalization plan, the system executive retirement plan is designed to provide for the payment to participants from entergy corporation's general assets of a single-sum cash distribution upon the participant's separation from service. the single-sum benefit is generally equal to the actuarial present value of a specified percentage of the participant's "final average monthly compensation" (which is generally 1/36th of the sum of the participant's annual rate of base salary and annual incentive plan award for the 3 highest years during the last 10 years preceding termination of employment), after first being reduced by the value of the participant's tax-qualified retirement plan benefit and typically any prior employer pension benefit available to the participant.
498
table of contents while the system executive retirement plan has a replacement ratio schedule from one year of service to the maximum of 30 years of service, the table below offers a sample ratio at 20 and 30 years of service.
years of    executives at                                               executives at service     management       executives at management levels 2 and 3    management level 1                                                     level 4
20 years    55.0%            50.0%                                      45.0%
30 years    65.0%            60.0%                                      55.0%
the system executive retirement plan benefit is not vested until age 65. subject to the prior written consent of the entergy system company employer, an employee who terminates his or her employment prior to age 65 may be vested in the system executive retirement plan benefit, with payment of the lump sum benefit generally at separation from service unless delayed six months under code section 409a. benefits payable prior to age 65 are subject to the same reductions as qualified plan benefits. further, in the event of a change in control, participants whose employment is terminated without "cause" or by the employee for "good reason," as each is defined in the plan are also eligible for a subsidized lump sum benefit payment, even if they do not currently meet the age or service requirements for early retirement under that plan or have company permission to separate from employment. such lump sum benefit is payable generally at separation from service unless delayed 6 months under code section 409a.
2014 non-qualified deferred compensation the executive deferred compensation plan, the 2007 equity ownership plan and long-term cash incentive plan, and the
2011 equity ownership plan allow for the deferral of compensation for the named executive officers. as of december
31, 2014, none of the named executive officers had deferred compensation balances under the equity ownership plans or the executive deferred compensation plan.
as of december 31, 2014, mr. savoff and mr. may had deferred account balances under a frozen defined contribution restoration plan. these amounts are deemed invested, as chosen by the participant, in certain t. rowe price investment funds that are also available to participants under the savings plan. mr. savoff and mr. may have elected to receive the deferred account balances after they retire. the defined contribution restoration plan, until it was frozen in 2005, credited eligible employees' deferral accounts with employer contributions to the extent contributions under the qualified savings plan in which the employee participated were subject to limitations imposed by the internal revenue code.
defined contribution restoration plan executive           registrant            aggregate    aggregate           aggregate name                   contributions in    contributions in    earnings in    withdrawals/       balance at
2014                2014                    2014(1)    distributions    december 31,
2014
(a)                    -b                  -c                           -d    -e                         -f phillip r. may, jr.    $-                  $-                         $359    $-                     $1,721
mark t. savoff         $-                  $-                       $8,224    $-                    $26,685
(1)  amounts in this column are not included in the summary compensation table.
499

2014 potential payments upon termination or change in control entergy corporation has plans and other arrangements that provide compensation to a named executive officer if his or her employment terminates under specified conditions, including following a change in control of entergy corporation. in addition, entergy corporation has entered into a retention agreement with mr. denault that provides for payments upon certain employment termination events. there are no plans or agreements that would provide for payments to any of the named executive officers solely upon a change in control.
the tables below reflect the amount of compensation each of the named executive officers would have received if his or her employment with an entergy system company had been terminated under various scenarios as of december 31,
2014. for purposes of these tables, entergy corporation assumed that its stock price was $87.48, the closing market price on that date.
500
table of contents benefits                          terminati...                                                          terminat...
and       voluntary                 for good                                            change in       related payments  resignat...  for cause     reason or    retireme...    disability        death    control            to a upon                                 not for                                                          change in termina...                               cause                                                            control leo p.
denault...
severan...  -          -            $8,613,353            -             -            -    -             $8,613,3...
payment...
perform...
units:(...
2013-20...
perform...  -          -            $2,112,642    $2,166,8...    $2,112,642    $2,112,6...    -             $2,112,6...
unit program
2014-20...
perform...  -          -            $2,112,642    $1,166,3...    $2,112,642    $2,112,6...    -             $2,112,6...
unit program unvested stock     -          -            $3,501,327    $3,501,3...    $3,501,327    $3,501,3...    -             $3,501,3...
options...
unvested restric...  -          -            $1,791,514            -    $1,791,514    $1,791,5...    -             $1,791,5...
stock(1...
welfare   -          -                     -            -             -            -    -
benefit...
haley fisacke...
severan...  -          -                     -            -             -            -    -              $424,107
payment...
perform...
units:(...
2013-20...
perform...  -          -                     -            -      $110,837     $110,837    -               $96,228
unit program
2014-20...
perform...  -          -                     -            -       $64,123      $64,123    -               $96,228
unit program unvested stock     -          -                     -            -      $257,327     $257,327    -              $257,327
options...
unvested restric...  -          -                     -            -      $117,836     $117,836    -              $258,479
stock(1...
welfare   -          -                     -            -             -            -    -               $18,324
benefit...
andrew s.
marsh(4)
severan...  -          -                     -            -             -            -    -             $2,398,3...
payment...
perform...
units:(...
2013-20...
perform...  -          -                     -            -      $433,988     $433,988    -              $489,888
unit program
2014-20...
perform...  -          -                     -            -      $274,075     $274,075    -              $489,888
unit program unvested stock     -          -                     -            -    $1,392,890    $1,392,8...    -             $1,392,8...
options...
unvested restric...  -          -                     -            -      $298,482     $298,482    -              $752,247
stock(1...
welfare   -          -                     -            -             -            -    -               $27,486
benefit...
phillip r. may, jr.(4)
severan...  -          -                     -            -             -            -    -             $1,014,7...
payment...
perform...
units:(...
2013-20...
perform...  -          -                     -            -      $173,210     $173,210    -              $205,578
unit program
2014-20...
perform...  -          -                     -            -       $90,367      $90,367    -              $205,578
unit program unvested stock     -          -                     -            -      $310,809     $310,809    -              $310,809
options...
unvested restric...  -          -                     -            -      $129,120     $129,120    -              $295,063
stock(1...
welfare   -          -                     -            -                               -               $27,486
benefit...
501
table of contents benefits                          terminati...                                                          terminat...
and        voluntary              for good                                              change in       related payments   resignati...  for cause  reason or     retirement    disability       death    control            to a upon                              not for                                                             change in terminat...                         cause                                                                 control hugh t.
mcdonald...
severance  -           -          -                      -             -           -    -              $528,181
payment(...
performa...
units:(8)
2013-2015
performa...  -           -          -               $110,837      $110,837    $110,837    -               $96,228
unit program
2014-2016
performa...  -           -          -                $64,123       $64,123     $64,123    -               $96,228
unit program unvested stock      -           -          -               $250,034      $250,034    $250,034    -              $250,034
options(...
unvested restrict...  -           -          -                      -      $118,273    $118,273    -              $252,776
stock(12)
welfare    -           -          -                      -             -           -    -
benefits...
alyson m.
mount(4)
severance  -           -          -                      -             -           -    -              $963,520
payment(...
performa...
units:(8)
2013-2015
performa...  -           -          -                      -      $174,960    $174,960    -              $205,578
unit program
2014-2016
performa...  -           -          -                      -       $90,367     $90,367    -              $205,578
unit program unvested stock      -           -          -                      -      $342,390    $342,390    -              $342,390
options(...
unvested restrict...  -           -          -                      -      $150,203    $150,203    -              $330,801
stock(12)
welfare    -           -          -                      -             -           -    -                $9,148
benefits...
sallie t.
rainer(4)
severance  -           -          -                      -             -           -    -              $417,585
payment(...
performa...
units:(8)
2013-2015
performa...  -           -          -                      -      $110,837    $110,837    -               $96,228
unit program
2014-2016
performa...  -           -          -                      -       $64,123     $64,123    -               $96,228
unit program unvested stock      -           -          -                      -      $229,467    $229,467    -              $229,467
options(...
unvested restrict...  -           -          -                      -      $121,072    $121,072    -              $261,921
stock(12)
welfare    -           -          -                      -             -           -    -               $18,234
benefits...
charles r. rice, jr(4)
severance  -           -          -                      -             -           -    -              $367,201
payment(...
performa...
units:(8)
2013-2015
performa...  -           -          -                      -      $110,837    $110,837    -               $96,228
unit program
2014-2016
performa...  -           -          -                      -       $64,123     $64,123    -               $96,228
unit program unvested stock      -           -          -                      -      $227,488    $227,488    -              $227,488
options(...
unvested restrict...  -           -          -                      -      $100,340    $100,340    -              $217,649
stock(12)
welfare    -           -          -                      -             -           -    -               $18,324
benefits...
502
table of contents benefits                          terminati...                                                          terminat...
and       voluntary                 for good                                            change in       related payments  resignat...  for cause     reason or    retireme...    disability        death    control            to a upon                                 not for                                                          change in termina...                               cause                                                            control mark t.
savoff(...
severan...  -          -                     -            -             -            -    -             $3,278,0...
payment...
perform...
units:(...
2013-20...
perform...  -          -                     -     $443,261      $443,261     $443,261    -              $489,888
unit program
2014-20...
perform...  -          -                     -     $274,075      $274,075     $274,075    -              $489,888
unit program unvested stock                                           $1,146,9...    $1,146,938    $1,146,9...    -             $1,146,9...
options...
unvested restric...  -          -                     -                   $278,099     $278,099    -              $648,346
stock(1...
welfare   -          -                     -            -             -            -    -                     -
benefit...
roderick k.
west(4)
severan...  -          -                     -            -             -            -    -             $3,192,3...
payment...
perform...
units:(...
2013-20...
perform...  -          -                     -            -      $443,261     $443,261    -              $489,888
unit program
2014-20...
perform...  -          -                     -            -      $274,075     $274,075    -              $489,888
unit program unvested stock                                                        $1,647,093    $1,647,0...    -             $1,647,0...
options...
unvested restric...  -          -                     -            -      $440,199     $440,199    -             $1,004,8...
stock(1...
welfare   -          -                     -            -             -                 -               $27,486
benefit...
unvested restric...  -          -            $1,837,080            -             -            -    -             $1,837,0...
units(1...
(1)  as of december 31, 2014, mr. denault, mr. mcdonald, and mr. savoff are retirement eligible and would retire rather than voluntarily resign.
pension benefits in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, mr. denault also would have been entitled to receive his vested pension benefits.  if mr. denault's employment were terminated under certain conditions
(2)  relating to a change in control, he would also be eligible for early retirement benefits.  for a description of these benefits, see "2014 pension benefits."  in addition, mr. denault is subject to the following provisions:
mr. denault's retention agreement provides that, unless his employment is terminated for cause, he will be granted an additional 15 years of service under the system executive retirement plan if he continues to work
  for an entergy system company employer and after age 55, retires with the permission of his employer or his employment is terminated due to death or disability.  if mr. denault's employment is terminated for cause, he will forfeit his benefit under the system executive retirement plan.
under his retention agreement, if mr. denault's employment is terminated by mr. denault for good reason or
  by entergy corporation not for cause (regardless of whether there is a change in control) or on account of disability, mr. denault would be eligible for subsidized retirement and the additional 15 years of service upon his separation of service even if he does not have permission to separate from employment.
in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, mr. mcdonald and mr. savoff each would have been eligible to retire and entitled to receive his vested pension benefits.  for a description of the pension benefits available see, "2014 pension benefits." in the event of a termination by entergy corporation
(3)  without cause or by the executive for good reason in connection with a change in control, mr. mcdonald and mr. savoff each would be eligible for subsidized early retirement benefits under the system executive retirement plan even if he does not have permission to separate from employment.  if mr. mcdonald's and mr. savoff's
503
table of contents employment were terminated for cause, he would not receive a benefit under the system executive retirement plan.
in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, if a named executive officer's, other than messrs.
denault, mcdonald, and savoff, employment was terminated under certain conditions relating to a change in control, he or she also would have been entitled to receive his or her vested pension benefits upon
(4)  attainment of age 55 and would have been eligible for early retirement benefits under the system executive retirement plan calculated using early retirement reduction factors.  for a description of the pension benefits, see "2014 pension benefits."  if the named executive officers', other than messrs. denault, mcdonald, and savoff, employment were terminated for cause, he or she would forfeit his or her benefit under the system executive retirement plan.
severance payments in the event of a termination (not due to death or disability) by mr. denault for good reason or by entergy corporation not for cause (regardless of whether there is a change in control), mr. denault would be entitled to receive, pursuant to his retention agreement, a lump sum severance payment equal to the product of 2.99 times the sum of (a) his annual base salary as in effect at any time within one year prior to the effective date of the retention agreement or, if higher, immediately prior to a circumstance
(5)  constituting good reason plus (b) the greater of (i) his actual annual incentive award under the annual incentive plan for the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year in which mr. denault's termination date occurs or (ii) mr. denault's annual incentive plan target award for the calendar year in which the effective date of the retention agreement occurred.  for purposes of this table, we have calculated the award using a base salary of $1,110,000 and his preceding year's actual annual incentive award, $1,770,720.
in the event of a termination (not due to death or disability) by the executive for good reason or by entergy corporation not for cause during the period beginning upon the occurrence of a "potential change in control" (as defined in the system executive continuity plan) and ending on the 2ndanniversary of a change in control, each named executive officer, other than mr. denault, would be entitled to receive pursuant to the system executive continuity plan a lump sum severance payment equal to the product of for
(6)  mr. marsh, mr. savoff, and mr. west 2.99 times, for mr. may and ms. mount 2 times and mr. fisackerly, mr.
mcdonald, ms. rainer, and mr. rice 1 time the sum of (a) his or her annual base salary as in effect at any time within one year prior to the commencement of a change in control period or, if higher, immediately prior to a circumstance constituting good reason plus (b) his or her annual incentive, calculated using the average annual target opportunity derived under the annual incentive plan for the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in his or her termination occurs. for purposes of this table, it assumes the following target opportunity and base salary:
named executive officer  target opportunity  base salary haley r. fisackerly      40%                    $302,934
andrew s. marsh          55%                    $517,500
phillip r. may           50%                    $338,250
hugh t. mcdonald         50%                    $352,121
alyson m. mount          60%                    $301,100
sallie t. rainer         40%                    $298,275
charles l. rice, jr.     40%                    $262,287
mark t. savoff           70%                     644,896
roderick k. west         70%                     628,044
performance units in the event of a termination due to death or disability, by mr. denault for good reason, or by entergy corporation not for cause (in all cases, regardless of whether there is a change in control), mr. denault
(7)  would have forfeited his performance units for all open performance periods and would have been entitled to receive a single-lump sum severance payment pursuant to his retention agreement that would not be based on any outstanding performance periods.  the payment would be calculated using the average annual number of performance
504
table of contents units he would have been entitled to receive under the performance unit program with respect to the two most recent performance periods preceding the calendar year in which his termination occurs, assuming all performance goals were achieved at target. for purposes of the table, the value of mr. denault's severance payment was calculated by taking an average of the target performance units from the 2010-2012 performance unit program (22,300 units) and the 2011-2013 performance unit program (26,000 units). this average number of units (24,150 units) multiplied by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2014 ($87.48) would equal a severance payment of $2,112,642 for the forfeited performance units.
in the event of mr. denault's retirement not related to a change in control, mr. denault would not have forfeited his performance units for all open performance periods, but rather such performance unit awards would have been pro-rated based on his number of months of participation in each open performance unit program performance cycle.
the amount of the award is based on actual performance achieved, with a stock price set as of the end of the performance period, and payable in the form of a lump sum after the completion of the performance period. for purposes of the table, the value of mr. denault's awards were calculated as follows:
2013 - 2015 plan - 24,770 (24/36*37,156) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
2014 - 2016 plan - 13,333 (12/36*40,000) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
in the event of a qualifying termination related to a change in control, each named executive officer, other than mr. denault, would have forfeited his or her performance units for the 2013-2015 and 2014-2016
performance periods and would have been entitled to receive, pursuant to the 2011 equity ownership plan, a single-lump sum severance payment that would not be based on any outstanding performance periods.  for
(8)  both the 2013-2015 and the 2014-2016 performance periods, the payment would have been calculated using the average annual number of performance units he or she would have been entitled to receive under each performance unit program with respect to the two most recent performance periods preceding (but not including) the calendar year in which his or her termination occurs, assuming all performance goals were achieved at target multiplied by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2014.
for purposes of the table, the value of the severance payment for mr. fisackerly, mr. mcdonald, ms. rainer and mr.
rice was calculated by taking an average of the target performance units from the 2010-2012 performance unit program (1,000 units) and the 2011-2013 performance unit program (1,200 units). this average number of units
(1,100) multiplied by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2014 ($87.48) would equal a severance payment of for the forfeited performance units equal to $96,228.
the value of severance payment for mr. may and ms. mount was calculated by taking an average of the target performance units from the 2010-2012 performance unit program (2,200 units) and the 2011-2013 performance unit program (2,500 units). this average number of units (2,350) multiplied by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2014 ($87.48) would equal a severance payment of for the forfeited performance units equal to
$205,578.
the value of severance payment for mr. marsh, mr. savoff, and mr. west was calculated by taking an average of the target performance units from the 2010-2012 performance unit program (5,300 units) and the 2011-2013 performance unit program (5,900 units). this average number of units (5,600) multiplied by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2014 ($87.48) would equal a severance payment of for the forfeited performance units equal to
$489,888.
in the event of death or disability, or retirement in the case of mr. mcdonald or mr. savoff, each named executive officer, other than mr. denault, would not have forfeited his performance units for all open performance periods, but rather such performance unit awards would have been pro-rated based on his or her number of months of participation in each open performance unit program performance cycle, in accordance with his or her grant agreement under the performance unit program. the amount of the award is based on actual performance achieved, with a stock price set as of the end of the performance period, and payable in the form of a lump sum after the completion of the performance period. for purposes of the table, the value of the awards were calculated as follows:
505
table of contents mr. fisackerly's, mr. mcdonald's, ms. rainer's and mr. rice's awards:
2013 - 2015 plan - 1,267 (24/36*1,900) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
2014 - 2016 plan - 733 (12/36*2,200) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
mr. marsh's awards:
2013 - 2015 plan - 4,961 (24/36*7,442) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
2014 - 2016 plan - 3,133 (12/36*9,400) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
mr. may's awards:
2013 - 2015 plan - 1,980 (24/36*2,969) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
2014 - 2016 plan - 1,033 (12/36*3,100) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
ms. mount's awards:
2013 - 2015 plan - 2,000 (24/36*3,000) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
2014 - 2016 plan - 1,033 (12/36*3,100) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
mr. savoff's and mr. west's awards:
2013 - 2015 plan - 5,067 (24/36*7,600) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
2014 - 2016 plan - 3,133 (12/36*9,400) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $87.48
unvested stock options in the event of mr. denault's retirement, death or disability (pursuant to the 2011 equity ownership plan)
or upon termination by mr. denault for good reason or by entergy corporation not for cause (regardless of whether there is a change in control), pursuant to his retention agreement, all of mr. denault's unvested
(9)  stock options would immediately vest.  in addition, he would be entitled to exercise any unexercised options during a ten-year term extending from the grant date of the options. for purposes of this table, it is assumed that mr. denault exercised his options immediately upon vesting and received proceeds equal to the difference between the closing price of common stock on december 31, 2014, and the exercise price of each option share.
in the event of death or disability or qualifying termination related to a change in control or retirement in the case of mr. mcdonald or mr. savoff, all of the unvested stock options of each named executive officer, other than mr. denault, would immediately vest pursuant to the 2011 equity ownership
(10)  plan.  in addition, each would be entitled to exercise his or her stock options for the remainder of the ten-year period extending from the grant date of the options.  for purposes of this table, it is assumed that the named executive officers, other than mr. denault, exercised their options immediately upon vesting and received proceeds equal to the difference between the closing price of common stock on december 31, 2014, and the applicable exercise price of each option share.
unvested restricted stock pursuant to his retention agreement, in the event of mr. denault's death or disability or upon
(11)  termination by mr. denault for good reason or by entergy corporation not for cause (regardless of whether there is a change in control), all of mr. denault's unvested restricted stock would immediately vest.
in the event of death or disability (pursuant to the 2011 equity ownership plan), each named executive officer, other than mr. denault, would immediately vest in a pro-rated portion of his or her unvested restricted stock that was otherwise scheduled to become vested on the immediately following twelve
(12)-month grant date anniversary date (as well as dividends declared on the pro-rated portion of such
(12)  restricted stock) pursuant to the 2011 equity ownership plan.  the pro-rated vested portion would be determined based on the number of days between the most recent preceding twelve (12)-month grant date anniversary date and the date of his or her death or disability.  in the event of his or her qualifying termination related to a change in control, the named executive officers, other than mr. denault, would immediately vest in all of their unvested restricted stock.
welfare benefits upon retirement, mr. denault, mr. mcdonald, and mr. savoff would be eligible for retiree medical and
(13)  dental benefits, the same as all other retirees.  pursuant to the system executive continuity plan, in the event of a
506
table of contents termination related to a change in control, messrs. denault, mcdonald, and savoff would not be eligible to receive entergy corporation subsidized cobra benefits.
pursuant to the system executive continuity plan, in the event of a termination related to a change in
(14)  control, mr. marsh, mr. may, ms. mount and mr. west would be eligible to receive entergy corporation subsidized cobra benefits for 18 months and mr. fisackerly, ms. rainer, and mr. rice would be eligible to receive entergy corporation subsidized cobra benefits for 12 months.
restricted stock units mr. west's 21,000 restricted units vest 100% in 2018.  pursuant to his restricted unit agreement, any unvested restricted units will vest immediately in the event of a termination for a reason other than
(15)  cause, total disability, or death.  the units will vest upon termination within 24 months of a change in control without cause or by mr. west with good reason.  if mr. west voluntarily resigns or is terminated for cause, he would forfeit these units.
mr. denault's retention agreement under the terms of mr. denault's retention agreement, entergy corporation may terminate his employment for cause upon mr. denault's:
continuing failure to substantially perform his duties (other than because of physical or mental illness or
  after he has given notice of termination for good reason) that remains uncured for 30 days after receiving a written notice from the personnel committee;
  willfully engaging in conduct that is demonstrably and materially injurious to entergy corporation;
conviction of or entrance of a plea of guilty ornolo contendereto a felony or other crime that has or may
  have a material adverse effect on his ability to carry out his duties or upon entergy corporation's reputation;
  material violation of any agreement that he has entered into with entergy corporation; or
  unauthorized disclosure of entergy corporation's confidential information.
mr. denault may terminate his employment for good reason upon:
the substantial reduction in the nature or status of his duties or responsibilities from those in effect
  immediately prior to the date of the retention agreement, other than de minimis acts that are remedied after notice from mr. denault;
  a reduction of 5% or more in his base salary as in effect on the date of the retention agreement;
  the relocation of his principal place of employment to a location other than the corporate headquarters;
the failure to continue to allow him to participate in programs or plans providing opportunities for equity
  awards, stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, incentive compensation, bonus, and other plans on a basis not materially less favorable than enjoyed at the time of the retention agreement (other than changes similarly affecting all senior executives);
the failure to continue to allow him to participate in programs or plans with opportunities for benefits not
  materially less favorable than those enjoyed by him or her under any of entergy corporation's pension, savings, life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability, or vacation plans at the time of the retention agreement (other than changes similarly affecting all senior executives); or
  any purported termination of his employment not taken in accordance with his retention agreement.
507
table of contents system executive continuity plan termination related to a change in control the named executive officers will be entitled to the benefits described in the tables above under the system executive continuity plan in the event of a termination related to a change in control if a change in control occurs and their employment is terminated by an entergy system company other than for cause or if they terminate their employment for good reason, in each case within a period beginning on the occurrence of a potential change in control and ending 24 months following the effective date of a change in control.
a change in control includes the following events:
  the purchase of 30% or more of either entergy corporation common stock or the combined voting power of its voting securities;
  the merger or consolidation of entergy corporation (unless its board members constitute at least a majority of the board members of the surviving entity);
  the liquidation, dissolution, or sale of all or substantially all of entergy corporation's assets; or a change in the composition of entergy corporation's board such that, during any two-year period, the individuals serving at the beginning of the period no longer constitute a majority of the board at the end
  of the period.

a potential change in control includes the following events:
  entergy corporation or an affiliate enters into an agreement the consummation of which would constitute a change in control;
  the board adopts resolutions determining that, for purposes of the system executive continuity plan, a potential change in control has occurred;
  an entergy system company or other person or entity publicly announces an intention to take actions that would constitute a change in control; or any person or entity becomes the beneficial owner (directly or indirectly) of outstanding shares of common
  stock of entergy corporation constituting 20% of the voting power or value of entergy corporation's outstanding common stock.
a named executive officer's employment may be terminated for cause under the system executive continuity plan if he or she:
  willfully and continuously fails to substantially perform his or her duties after receiving a 30-day written demand for performance from the board;
  engages in conduct that is materially injurious to entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries;
  is convicted or pleads guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or other crime that materially and adversely affects his or her ability to perform his or her duties or entergy corporation's reputation;
  materially violates any agreement with entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; or
  discloses any of entergy corporation confidential information without authorization.
a named executive officer may terminate his or her employment with an entergy system company for good reason under the system executive continuity plan if, without his or her consent:
  the nature or status of his or her duties and responsibilities is substantially altered or reduced compared to the period prior to the change in control;
508

  his or her salary is reduced by 5% or more;
  he or she is required to be based outside of the continental united states at somewhere other than his or her primary work location prior to the change in control;
  any of his or her compensation plans are discontinued without an equitable replacement;
  his or her benefits or number of vacation days are substantially reduced; or
  his or her employer purports to terminate his or her employment other than in accordance with the system executive continuity plan.
in addition to participation in the system executive continuity plan, benefits already accrued under the system executive retirement plan, pension equalization plan, and supplemental retirement plan, if any, will become fully vested if the executive is involuntarily terminated without cause or the executive terminates his or her employment for good reason within two years after the occurrence of a change in control. any awards granted under the equity ownership plans will become fully vested if the executive is involuntarily terminated without cause or terminates employment for good reason within two years after the occurrence of a change in control. in 2010, entergy corporation eliminated tax gross up payments for any severance benefits paid under the system executive continuity plan.
under certain circumstances described below, the payments and benefits received by a named executive officer pursuant to the system executive continuity plan may be forfeited and, in certain cases, subject to repayment.
benefits are no longer payable under the system executive continuity plan, and unvested performance units under the performance unit program are subject to forfeiture, if the executive:
  accepts employment with entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries;
  elects to receive the benefits of another severance or separation program;
  removes, copies, or fails to return any property belonging to entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries;
  discloses non-public data or information concerning entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; or
  violates his or her non-competition provision, which generally runs for two years but extends to three years if permissible under applicable law.
furthermore, if the executive discloses non-public data or information concerning entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries or violates his or her non-competition provision, he or she will be required to repay any benefits previously received under the system executive continuity plan.
termination for cause if a named executive officer's employment is terminated for "cause" (as defined in the system executive continuity plan and described above under "termination related to a change in control"), he or she is generally entitled to the same compensation and separation benefits described below under "voluntary resignation," except that all options are no longer exercisable.
voluntary resignation if a named executive officer voluntarily resigns from his or her entergy system company employer, he or she is entitled to all accrued benefits and compensation as of the separation date, including qualified pension benefits
(if any) and other post-employment benefits on terms consistent with those generally available to other salaried employees. in the case of voluntary resignation, the officer would forfeit all unvested stock options, shares of restricted stock, and restricted units as well as any perquisites to which he or she is entitled as an officer. in addition, the officer would forfeit, except as described below, his or her right to receive incentive payments under any outstanding performance periods under the long-term performance unit program or the annual incentive plan. if the officer resigns after the completion of an annual incentive plan or long-term performance unit program performance period, he or she could receive a payout under the long-term performance unit program based on the outcome of the
509
table of contents performance cycle and could, at the entergy corporation's discretion, receive an annual incentive payment under the annual incentive plan. any vested stock options held by the officer as of the separation date will expire the earlier of ten years from date of grant or 90 days from the last day of active employment.
retirement under entergy corporation's retirement plans, a named executive officer's eligibility for retirement benefits is based on a combination of age and years of service. normal retirement is defined as age 65. early retirement is defined under the qualified retirement plan as minimum age 55 with 10 years of service and in the case of the system executive retirement plan and the supplemental credited service under the pension equalization plan, the consent of the entergy system company employer.
upon a named executive officer's retirement, he or she is generally entitled to all accrued benefits and compensation as of the separation date, including qualified pension benefits and other post-employment benefits consistent with those generally available to salaried employees. the annual incentive payment under the annual incentive plan is pro-rated based on the actual number of days employed during the performance year in which the retirement date occurs. similarly, payments under the performance unit program for those retiring with a minimum 12
months of participation are pro-rated based on the actual full months of participation, in each outstanding performance cycle, in which the retirement date occurs. in each case, payments are delivered at the conclusion of each annual or performance cycle, consistent with the timing of payments to active participants in the annual incentive plan and the performance unit program, respectively. unvested stock options issued under entergy corporation's equity ownership plans vest on the retirement date and expire ten years from the grant date of the options. any restricted stock and restricted stock units (other than those issued under the performance unit program) held by the executive upon his or her retirement are forfeited, and perquisites are not available following the separation date.
disability if a named executive officer's employment is terminated due to disability, he or she generally is entitled to the same compensation and separation benefits described above under "retirement," except that restricted stock units may be subject to specific disability benefits (as noted, where applicable, in the tables above).
death if a named executive officer dies while actively employed by an entergy system company employer, he or she generally is entitled to the same compensation and separation benefits described above under "retirement,"
including:
  all unvested stock options will vest immediately;
  vested stock options will expire ten years from the grant date; and
  restricted units may be subject to specific death benefits depending on the restricted unit agreement (as noted, where applicable, in the tables above).
compensation of directors for information regarding compensation of the directors of entergy corporation, see the proxy statement under the heading "director compensation," which information is incorporated herein by reference. the boards of directors of entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas are comprised solely of employee directors who receive no compensation for service as directors.
510

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 12.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management entergy corporation owns 100% of the outstanding common stock of registrants entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas. the information with respect to persons known by entergy corporation to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of entergy corporation's outstanding common stock is included under the heading "stockholders who own at least five percent" in the proxy statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. the registrants know of no contractual arrangements that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change in control of any of the registrants.
511
table of contents the following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of common stock of entergy corporation and stock-based units as of january 31, 2015 for all directors and named executive officers. unless otherwise noted, each person had sole voting and investment power over the number of shares of common stock and stock-based units of entergy corporation set forth across from his or her name.
name                                      shares(1)               options exercisable            stock units(2)
within 60 days entergy corporation maureen s. bateman*                6,258                       -                         11,263
leo p. denault***                 64,450                 378,666                              -
kirkland h. donald*                  965                       -                            753
gary w. edwards*                   1,791                       -                         10,852
alexis herman*                       556                       -                          8,863
donald c. hintz*                   3,650                       -                         10,471
stuart l. levenick*                5,758                       -                          7,094
blanche l. lincoln*                2,618                       -                          2,663
andrew s. marsh**                 18,620                  84,599                              -
william m. mohl**                 18,946                  80,799                              -
stewart c. myers*                  3,682                       -                          3,846
mark t. savoff**                  26,546                 182,832                            305
w. j. tauzin*                      5,658                       -                          6,956
roderick k. west**                26,191                 117,666                              -
steven v. wilkinson*               6,813                       -                          8,490
all directors and executive officers as a group (20          271,309               1,153,759                         71,617
persons)
entergy arkansas theodore h. bunting, jr.*         21,009                 111,466                              -
leo p. denault**                  64,450                 378,666                              -
andrew s. marsh***                18,620                  84,599                              -
hugh t. mcdonald***               15,653                  48,933                              -
alyson m. mount**                  9,653                  15,700                              -
mark t. savoff***                 26,546                 182,832                            305
roderick k. west**                26,191                 117,666                              -
all directors and executive officers as a group (10          230,267               1,121,893                            366
persons)
entergy gulf states louisiana theodore h. bunting, jr.*         21,009                 111,466                              -
leo p. denault**                  64,450                 378,666                              -
andrew s. marsh***                18,620                  84,599                              -
phillip r. may, jr.***            12,886                  40,866                             11
alyson m. mount**                  9,653                  15,700                              -
mark t. savoff***                 26,546                 182,832                            305
roderick k. west**                26,191                 117,666                              -
all directors and executive officers as a group (10          227,500               1,113,826                            377
persons)
512
table of contents name                                         shares(1)               options exercisable         stock units(2)
within 60 days entergy louisiana theodore h. bunting, jr.*            21,009                 111,466                           -
leo p. denault**                     64,450                 378,666                           -
andrew s. marsh***                   18,620                  84,599                           -
phillip r. may, jr.***               12,886                  40,866                          11
alyson m. mount**                     9,653                  15,700                           -
mark t. savoff***                    26,546                 182,832                         305
roderick k. west**                   26,191                 117,666                           -
all directors and executive officers as a group (10 persons)    227,500               1,113,826                         377
entergy mississippi theodore h. bunting, jr.*            21,009                 111,466                           -
leo p. denault**                     64,450                 378,666                           -
haley r. fisackerly***                7,269                  28,667                           -
andrew s. marsh***                   18,620                  84,599                           -
alyson m. mount**                     9,653                  15,700                           -
mark t. savoff***                    26,546                 182,832                         305
roderick k. west**                   26,191                 117,666                           -
all directors and executive officers as a group (9 persons)     203,967               1,002,461                         305
entergy new orleans theodore h. bunting, jr.*            21,009                 111,466                           -
leo p. denault**                     64,450                 378,666                           -
andrew s. marsh***                   18,620                  84,599                           -
alyson m. mount**                     9,653                  15,700                           -
charles l. rice, jr.***               4,831                  12,566                           -
mark t. savoff***                    26,546                 182,832                         305
roderick k. west**                   26,191                 117,666                           -
all directors and executive officers as a group (9 persons)     201,529                 986,360                         305
entergy texas theodore h. bunting, jr.*            21,009                 111,466                           -
leo p. denault**                     64,450                 378,666                           -
andrew s. marsh***                   18,620                  84,599                           -
alyson m. mount**                     9,653                  15,700                           -
sallie t. rainer***                   8,586                  16,299                           -
mark t. savoff***                    26,546                 182,832                         305
roderick k. west**                   26,191                 117,666                           -
all directors and executive officers as a group (9 persons)     205,284                 990,093                         305
513

*    director of the respective company
**   named executive officer of the respective company
***  director and named executive officer of the respective company the number of shares of entergy corporation common stock owned by each individual and by all directors and
(1)  executive officers as a group does not exceed one percent of the outstanding entergy corporation common stock.
represents the balances of phantom units each executive holds under the defined contribution restoration plan and the deferral provisions of the equity ownership plan.  these units will be paid out in either entergy corporation common stock or cash equivalent to the value of one share of entergy corporation common stock per unit on the date of payout, including accrued dividends.  the deferral period is
(2)  determined by the individual and is at least two years from the award of the bonus.  for directors of entergy corporation the phantom units are issued under the service recognition program for outside directors.  all non-employee directors are credited with units for each year of service on the board.  in addition, messrs. edwards and hintz have deferred receipt of some of their quarterly stock grants.  the deferred shares will be settled in cash in an amount equal to the market value of entergy corporation common stock at the end of the deferral period.
equity compensation plan information the following table summarizes the equity compensation plan information as of december 31, 2014. information is included for equity compensation plans approved by the stockholders and equity compensation plans not approved by the stockholders.
number of securities remaining available number of securities to       weighted               for be issued upon exercise        average               future issuance plan                                of outstanding options        exercise               (excluding
(a)                              price               securities reflected
(b)               in column (a))
(c)
equity compensation plans                    7,281,396                                  $83.25    3,569,309
approved by security holders(1)
equity compensation plans not                        -                             -                      -
approved by security holders(2)
total                    7,281,396                                  $83.25    3,569,309
includes the equity ownership plan, which was approved by the shareholders on may 15, 1998, the 2007
equity ownership plan and the 2011 equity ownership plan.  the 2007 equity ownership plan was approved by entergy corporation shareholders on may 12, 2006, and 7,000,000 shares of entergy corporation common stock can be issued, with no more than 2,000,000 shares available for non-option grants.  the 2011 equity ownership plan was approved by entergy corporation shareholders on may 6, 2011, and 5,500,000 shares of entergy corporation common stock can be issued from the 2011 equity ownership plan, with no more than
2,000,000 shares available for incentive stock option grants.  the equity ownership plan, the 2007 equity ownership plan and the 2011 equity ownership plan (the "plans") are administered by the personnel
(1)  committee of the board of directors (other than with respect to awards granted to non-employee directors, which awards are administered by the entire board of directors).  eligibility under the plans is limited to the non-employee directors and to the officers and employees of an entergy system employer and any corporation 80% or more of whose stock (based on voting power) or value is owned, directly or indirectly, by entergy corporation.  the plans provide for the issuance of stock options, restricted shares, equity awards (units whose value is related to the value of shares of the common stock but do not represent actual shares of common stock), performance awards (performance shares or units valued by reference to shares of common stock or performance units valued by reference to financial measures or property other than common stock) and other stock-based awards.
514
table of contents entergy has a board-approved stock-based compensation plan. however, effective may 9, 2003, the board has
(2)  directed that no further awards be issued under that plan.  as of december 31, 2014, all options outstanding under the plan were either exercised or expired.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 13.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

certain relationships and related transactions and director independence for information regarding certain relationships, related transactions and director independence of entergy corporation, see the proxy statement under the headings "corporate governance - director independence" and
"transactions with related persons," which information is incorporated herein by reference.
since december 31, 2011, none of the subsidiaries or any of their affiliates has participated in any transaction involving an amount in excess of $120,000 in which any director or executive officer of any of the subsidiaries, any nominee for director, or any immediate family member of the foregoing had a material interest as contemplated by item 404(a) of regulation s-k ("related party transactions").
entergy corporation's board of directors has adopted written policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. under these policies and procedures, the corporate governance committee, or a subcommittee of the board of directors of entergy corporation composed of independent directors, reviews the transaction and either approves or rejects the transaction after taking into account the following factors:
  whether the proposed transaction is on terms at least as favorable to entergy corporation or the subsidiary as those achievable with an unaffiliated third party;
  size of transaction and amount of consideration;
  nature of the interest;
  whether the transaction involves a conflict of interest;
  whether the transaction involves services available from unaffiliated third parties; and
  any other factors that the corporate governance committee or subcommittee deems relevant.
the policy does not apply to (a) compensation and related party transactions involving a director or an executive officer solely resulting from that person's service as a director or employment with the company so long as the compensation is approved by entergy's board of directors, (b) transactions involving the rendering of services as a public utility at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority or (c) any other categories of transactions currently or in the future excluded from the reporting requirements of item 404(a) of regulation sk.
none of the subsidiaries are listed issuers. as previously noted, the boards of directors of the subsidiaries are composed solely of employee directors. none of the boards of directors of any of the subsidiaries has any committees.
515

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 14.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

principal accountant fees and services
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
aggregate fees billed to entergy corporation (consolidated), entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 by deloitte & touche llp were as follows:
2014           2013
entergy corporation (consolidated)
audit fees                            $8,097,000     $9,832,698
audit-related fees (a)                 1,135,000        545,000
total audit and audit-related fees     9,232,000     10,377,698
tax fees (b)                                   -              -
all other fees                                 -              -
total fees (c)                        $9,232,000    $10,377,698
entergy arkansas audit fees                              $984,813       $985,484
audit-related fees (a)                    19,000              -
total audit and audit-related fees     1,003,813        985,484
tax fees                                       -              -
all other fees                                 -              -
total fees (c)                        $1,003,813       $985,484
entergy gulf states louisiana audit fees                              $874,813       $840,484
audit-related fees (a)                   375,000        100,000
total audit and audit-related fees     1,249,813        940,484
tax fees                                       -              -
all other fees                                 -              -
total fees (c)                        $1,249,813       $940,484
entergy louisiana audit fees                            $1,134,813       $985,484
audit-related fees (a)                   375,000        100,000
total audit and audit-related fees     1,509,813      1,085,484
tax fees                                       -              -
all other fees                                 -              -
total fees (c)                        $1,509,813     $1,085,484
516

2014          2013
entergy mississippi audit fees                              $869,813      $840,484
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees       869,813       840,484
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (c)                          $869,813      $840,484
entergy new orleans audit fees                              $824,813      $885,484
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees       824,813       885,484
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (c)                          $824,813      $885,484
entergy texas audit fees                            $1,004,813    $1,886,280
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees     1,004,813     1,886,280
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (c)                        $1,004,813    $1,886,280
system energy audit fees                              $824,813      $840,484
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees       824,813       840,484
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (c)                          $824,813      $840,484
(a)  includes fees for employee benefit plan audits, consultation on financial accounting and reporting, and other attestation services.
(b)  includes fees for tax advisory services.
(c)  100% of fees paid in 2014 and 2013 were pre-approved by the entergy corporation audit committee.
517
table of contents entergy audit committee guidelines for pre-approval of independent auditor services the audit committee has adopted the following guidelines regarding the engagement of entergy's independent auditor to perform services for entergy:
the independent auditor will provide the audit committee, for approval, an annual engagement letter
1.  outlining the scope of services proposed to be performed during the fiscal year, including audit services and other permissible non-audit services (e.g. audit-related services, tax services, and all other services).
for other permissible services not included in the engagement letter, entergy management will submit a description of the proposed service, including a budget estimate, to the audit committee for pre-approval.
2.  management and the independent auditor must agree that the requested service is consistent with the sec's rules on auditor independence prior to submission to the audit committee.  the audit committee, at its discretion, will pre-approve permissible services and has established the following additional guidelines for permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditor:
  aggregate non-audit service fees are targeted at fifty percent or less of the approved audit service fee.
  all other services should only be provided by the independent auditor if it is the only qualified provider of that service or if the audit committee specifically requests the service.
3.  the audit committee will be informed quarterly as to the status of pre-approved services actually provided by the independent auditor.
to ensure prompt handling of unexpected matters, the audit committee delegates to the audit committee chair
4.  or its designee the authority to approve permissible services and fees.  the audit committee chair or designee will report action taken to the audit committee at the next scheduled audit committee meeting.
5.  the vice president and general auditor will be responsible for tracking all independent auditor fees and will report quarterly to the audit committee.
518

  
                                                                                                                 
                                                     part iv                                                     
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 15.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

exhibits and financial statement schedules financial statements and independent auditors' reports for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf
(a)1.  states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy are listed in the table of contents.
(a)2.  financial statement schedules report of independent registered public accounting firm (see page 529)
financial statement schedules are listed in the index to financial statement schedules (see page s-1)
(a)3.  exhibits exhibits for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy are listed in the exhibit index (see page e-1).  each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit hereto is identified as such by footnote in the exhibit index.
519
table of contents entergy corporation signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy corporation by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2015
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2015

leo p. denault (chairman of the board, chief executive officer and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president and chief financial officer; principal financial officer); maureen s. bateman, kirkland h. donald, gary w. edwards, alexis m. herman, donald c. hintz, stuart l. levenick, blanche l. lincoln, stewart c. myers, w. j. tauzin, and steven v. wilkinson (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2015

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
520
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy arkansas, inc.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2015
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2015

hugh t. mcdonald (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); theodore h. bunting, jr. and mark t. savoff (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2015

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
521
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2015
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2015

phillip r. may, jr. (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); theodore h. bunting, jr. and mark t. savoff (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2015

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
522
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy louisiana, llc by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2015
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2015

phillip r. may, jr. (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); theodore h. bunting, jr. and mark t. savoff (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2015

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
523
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy mississippi, inc.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2015
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2015

haley r. fisackerly (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); theodore h. bunting, jr. and mark t. savoff (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2015

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
524
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy new orleans, inc.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2015
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2015

charles l. rice, jr. (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); theodore h. bunting, jr. and mark t. savoff (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2015

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
525
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy texas, inc.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2015
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2015

sallie t. rainer (chair of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); theodore h. bunting, jr. and mark t. savoff (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2015

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
526
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
system energy resources, inc.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2015
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature            senior vice president and
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2015

theodore h. bunting, jr. (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); jeffrey s. forbes and steven c. mcneal (directors).
by:/s/ alyson m. mount               february 26, 2015

(alyson m. mount, attorney-in-fact)
527
table of contents exhibit 23(a)
consents of independent registered public accounting firm we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-190911 on form s-3 and in registration statements nos. 333-55692, 333-68950, 333-75097, 333-90914, 333-98179, 333-140183, 333-142055,
333-168664, 333-174148, and 333-183090 on form s-8 of our reports dated february 26, 2015, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of entergy corporation and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy corporation for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-190911-02 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2015, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy arkansas, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-190911-07 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2015, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10k of entergy louisiana, llc for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-190911-06 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2015, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy mississippi, inc. appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy mississippi, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-190911-05 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2015, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy new orleans, inc. appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy new orleans, inc. for the year ended december
31, 2014.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-190911-04 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2015, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy texas, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-190911-03 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2015, relating to the financial statements of system energy resources, inc. appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of system energy resources, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2014.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
528
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors and shareholders of entergy corporation and subsidiaries we have audited the consolidated financial statements of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the "corporation")
as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, and the corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2014, and have issued our reports thereon dated february 26, 2015; such consolidated financial statements and reports are included elsewhere in this form 10-k. our audits also included the consolidated financial statement schedules of the corporation listed in item 15. these consolidated financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the corporation's management.
our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. in our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
529
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors and shareholders of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries entergy mississippi, inc.
entergy new orleans, inc.
entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries to the board of directors and members of entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries we have audited the consolidated financial statements of entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, and entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and we have also audited the financial statements of entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c., entergy mississippi, inc., and entergy new orleans, inc.
(collectively the "companies") as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, and have issued our reports thereon dated february 26, 2015; such financial statements and reports are included elsewhere in this form 10-k. our audits also included the financial statement schedules of the respective companies listed in item 15. these financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the respective companies' managements. our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2015
530
table of contents index to financial statement schedules schedule                                                           page ii        valuation and qualifying accounts 2014, 2013, and 2012:
entergy corporation and subsidiaries                     s-2
entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries                  s-3
entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.                    s-4
entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries                  s-5
entergy mississippi, inc.                                s-6
entergy new orleans, inc.                                s-7
entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries                     s-8
schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.
columns have been omitted from schedules filed because the information is not applicable.
s-1
table of contents entergy corporation and subsidiaries schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31,
2014, 2013, and
2012

-in thousands column a                                           column b             column c          column d     column e other balance at            additions           changes      balance description                                    beginning of    charged to income    deductions (1)       at end period                                           of period allowance for doubtful accounts
2014                                                $34,311               $4,573            $3,221      $35,663
2013                                                $31,956               $2,355                $-      $34,311
2012                                                $31,159               $2,448            $1,651      $31,956
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-2
table of contents entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31,
2014, 2013, and
2012

-in thousands column a                                           column b             column c          column d     column e other balance at            additions           changes      balance description                                    beginning of    charged to income    deductions (1)       at end period                                           of period allowance for doubtful accounts
2014                                                $30,113               $2,881              $747      $32,247
2013                                                $28,343               $1,770                $-      $30,113
2012                                                $26,155               $2,188                $-      $28,343
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-3
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c.
schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31,
2014, 2013, and
2012

-in thousands column a                                           column b             column c          column d     column e other balance at            additions           changes      balance description                                    beginning of    charged to income    deductions (1)       at end period                                           of period allowance for doubtful accounts
2014                                                   $909                 $326              $610         $625
2013                                                   $711                 $198                $-         $909
2012                                                   $843                 $123              $255         $711
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-4
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31,
2014, 2013, and
2012

-in thousands column a                                           column b             column c          column d     column e other balance at            additions           changes      balance description                                    beginning of    charged to income    deductions (1)       at end period                                           of period allowance for doubtful accounts
2014                                                   $965                 $516              $497         $984
2013                                                   $867                  $98                $-         $965
2012                                                 $1,147                 $121              $401         $867
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-5
table of contents entergy mississippi, inc.
schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31, 2014,
2013, and 2012

-in thousands column a                                        column b             column c             column d     column e other balance at            additions              changes      balance description                                    beginning    charged to income       deductions (1)       at end of period                                              of period allowance for doubtful accounts
2014                                                $906                 $269                 $302         $873
2013                                                $910                  ($4  )                $-         $906
2012                                                $756                 $154                   $-         $910
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-6
table of contents entergy new orleans, inc.
schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31, 2014,
2013, and 2012

-in thousands column a                                           column b             column c          column d     column e other balance at            additions           changes      balance description                                       beginning    charged to income    deductions (1)       at end of period                                           of period allowance for doubtful accounts
2014                                                   $974                  $99              $811         $262
2013                                                   $446                 $528                $-         $974
2012                                                   $465                  $12               $31         $446
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-7
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
and subsidiaries schedule ii -
valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31, 2014,
2013, and 2012

-in thousands column a                                        column b             column c             column d     column e other balance at            additions              changes      balance description                                    beginning    charged to income       deductions (1)       at end of period                                              of period allowance for doubtful accounts
2014                                                $443                 $483                 $254         $672
2013                                                $680                ($237  )                $-         $443
2012                                              $1,461                 ($21  )              $760         $680
notes:
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-8
table of contents exhibit index the following exhibits indicated by an asterisk preceding the exhibit number are filed herewith. the balance of the exhibits have heretofore been filed with the sec as the exhibits and in the file numbers indicated and are incorporated herein by reference. the exhibits marked with a (+) are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed herewith and required to be identified as such by item 15 of form 10-k.
some of the agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this form 10-k contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. these representations and warranties were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) may have been qualified in such agreement by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement; (iii) may apply contract standards of "materiality" that are different from the standard of "materiality" under the applicable securities laws; and
(iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement.
entergy acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this form 10-k not misleading.
(2) plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession entergy gulf states louisiana
(b) 1 --  plan of merger of entergy gulf states, inc. effective december 31, 2007 (2(ii) to form 8-k15d5 filed january 7, 2008 in 333-148557).
(3) articles of incorporation and by-laws entergy corporation restated certificate of incorporation of entergy corporation dated october 10, 2006 (3(a) to
(a) 1 --  form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2006).

(a) 2 --  by-laws of entergy corporation as amended february 12, 2007, and as presently in effect (3(ii) to form 8-k filed february 16, 2007 in 1-11299).
system energy
(b) 1 --  amended and restated articles of incorporation of system energy and amendments thereto through april
28, 1989 (a-1(a) to form u-1 in 70-5399).
(b) 2 --  by-laws of system energy effective july 6, 1998, and as presently in effect (3(f) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1998 in 1-9067).
entergy arkansas
(c) 1 --  articles of amendment and restatement for the second amended and restated articles of incorporation of entergy arkansas, effective august 19, 2009 (3 to form 8-k filed august 24, 2009 in 1-10764).
(c) 2 --  by-laws of entergy arkansas effective november 26, 1999, and as presently in effect (3(ii)(c) to form
10-k for the year ended december 31, 1999 in 1-10764).
e-1
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana
(d) 1 --  articles of organization of entergy gulf states louisiana effective december 31, 2007 (3(i) to form
8-k15d5 filed january 7, 2008 in 333-148557).
(d) 2 --  operating agreement of entergy gulf states louisiana, effective as of december 31, 2007 (3(ii) to form 8-k15d5 filed january 7, 2008 in 333-148557).
entergy louisiana
(e) 1 --  articles of organization of entergy louisiana effective december 31, 2005 (3(c) to form 8-k filed january 6, 2006 in 1-32718).
(e) 2 --  regulations of entergy louisiana effective december 31, 2005, and as presently in effect (3(d) to form 8-k filed january 6, 2006 in 1-32718).
entergy mississippi
(f) 1 --  second amended and restated articles of incorporation of entergy mississippi, effective july 21, 2009
(99.1 to form 8-k filed july 27, 2009 in 1-31508).
(f) 2 --  by-laws of entergy mississippi effective november 26, 1999, and as presently in effect (3(ii)(f) to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1999 in 0-320).
entergy new orleans
(g) 1 --  amended and restated articles of incorporation of entergy new orleans, effective may 8, 2007 (3(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2007 in 0-5807).
(g) 2 --  amended by-laws of entergy new orleans effective may 8, 2007, and as presently in effect (3(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2007 in 0-5807).
entergy texas
(h) 1 --  certificate of formation of entergy texas, effective december 31, 2007 (3(i) to form 10 filed march
14, 2008 in 000-53134).
(h) 2 --  bylaws of entergy texas effective december 31, 2007 (3(ii) to form 10 filed march 14, 2008 in
000-53134).
e-2

(4) instruments defining rights of security holders, including indentures entergy corporation see (4)(b) through (4)(h) below for instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas.
credit agreement ($3,500,000,000), dated as of march 9, 2012, among entergy corporation, as borrower, the banks named therein (citibank, n.a., jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., wells fargo bank, national association, mizuho corporate bank, ltd., the bank of nova scotia, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., union bank, n.a., barclays bank plc, goldman sachs bank usa, keybank national association, morgan stanley bank, n.a., the royal bank of scotland plc, bnp paribas, bank of the west, the bank of new york mellon, cobank, acb, deutsche bank ag new york branch, regions bank, sumitomo mitsui banking corporation, u.s. bank national association, suntrust bank, national cooperative services corporation, and the northern trust company), citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., wells fargo bank, national association, mizuho corporate bank, ltd., the bank of nova scotia, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., and union
(a) 1 --   bank, n.a., as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto
(a) 2 --   (4.1 to form 8-k filed march 14, 2012 in 1-11299).
*(a) 3 --  extension agreement, dated as of march 1, 2013, to credit agreement.
*(a) 4 --  extension agreement, dated as of march 14, 2014, to credit agreement.

indenture (for unsecured debt securities), dated as of september 1, 2010, between entergy
(a) 5 --   corporation and wells fargo bank, national association (4.01 to form 8-k filed september 16, 2010 in
1-11299).
(a) 6 --   officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 3.625% senior notes due september 15, 2015
(4.02(a) to form 8-k filed september 16, 2010 in 1-11299).
(a) 7 --   officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 5.125% senior notes due september 15, 2020
(4.02(b) to form 8-k filed september 16, 2010 in 1-11299).
(a) 8 --   officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 4.70% senior notes due january 15, 2017
(4.02 to form 8-k filed january 13, 2012 in 1-11299).
(a) 9 --   officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 4.50% senior note due december 16, 2028
(4(a)7 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-11299).
e-3
table of contents system energy mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of june 15, 1977, as amended by twenty-four supplemental indentures (a-1 in 70-5890 (mortgage); b and c to rule 24 certificate in 70-5890 (first); b to rule
24 certificate in 70-6259 (second); 20(a)-5 to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1981 in
1-3517 (third); a-1(e)-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6985 (fourth); b to rule 24 certificate in
70-7021 (fifth); b to rule 24 certificate in 70-7021 (sixth); a-3(b) to rule 24 certificate in
70-7026 (seventh); a-3(b) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7158 (eighth); b to rule 24 certificate in
70-7123 (ninth); b-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-7272 (tenth); b-2 to rule 24 certificate in 70-7272
(b) 1 --  (eleventh); b-3 to rule 24 certificate in 70-7272 (twelfth); b-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-7382
(thirteenth); b-2 to rule 24 certificate in 70-7382 (fourteenth); a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate in
70-7946 (fifteenth); a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7946 (sixteenth); a-2(d) to rule 24
certificate in 70-7946 (seventeenth); a-2(e) to rule 24 certificate dated may 4, 1993 in 70-7946
(eighteenth); a-2(g) to rule 24 certificate dated may 6, 1994 in 70-7946 (nineteenth); a-2(a)(1) to rule 24 certificate dated august 8, 1996 in 70-8511 (twentieth); a-2(a)(2) to rule 24 certificate dated august 8, 1996 in 70-8511 (twenty-first); a-2(a) to rule 24 certificate filed october 4, 2002
in 70-9753 (twenty-second); 4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2007 in 1-9067
(twenty-third); and 4.42 to form 8-k dated september 25, 2012 in 1-9067 (twenty-fourth)).
facility lease no. 1, dated as of december 1, 1988, between meridian trust company and stephen m.
carta (steven kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy (b-2(c)(1) to rule 24
certificate dated january 9, 1989 in 70-7561), as supplemented by lease supplement no. 1 dated as of
(b) 2 --  april 1, 1989 (b-22(b) (1) to rule 24 certificate dated april 21, 1989 in 70-7561), lease supplement no. 2 dated as of january 1, 1994 (b-3(d) to rule 24 certificate dated january 31, 1994 in 70-8215), and lease supplement no. 3 dated as of may 1, 2004 (b-3(d) to rule 24 certificate dated june 4, 2004
in 70-10182).
facility lease no. 2, dated as of december 1, 1988 between meridian trust company and stephen m.
carta (steven kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy (b-2(c)(2) to rule 24
certificate dated january 9, 1989 in 70-7561), as supplemented by lease supplement no. 1 dated as of
(b) 3 --  april 1, 1989 (b-22(b) (2) to rule 24 certificate dated april 21, 1989 in 70-7561), lease supplement no. 2 dated as of january 1, 1994 (b-4(d) rule 24 certificate dated january 31, 1994 in 70-8215), and lease supplement no. 3 dated as of may 1, 2004 (b-4(d) to rule 24 certificate dated june 4, 2004 in
70-10182).
e-4
table of contents entergy arkansas mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of october 1, 1944, as amended by seventy-seven supplemental indentures (7(d) in 2-5463 (mortgage); 7(b) in 2-7121 (first); 7(c) in 2-7605 (second); 7(d) in
2-8100 (third); 7(a)-4 in 2-8482 (fourth); 7(a)-5 in 2-9149 (fifth); 4(a)-6 in 2-9789 (sixth);
4(a)-7 in 2-10261 (seventh); 4(a)-8 in 2-11043 (eighth); 2(b)-9 in 2-11468 (ninth); 2(b)-10 in
2-15767 (tenth); d in 70-3952 (eleventh); d in 70-4099 (twelfth); 4(d) in 2-23185 (thirteenth); 2(c)
in 2-24414 (fourteenth); 2(c) in 2-25913 (fifteenth); 2(c) in 2-28869 (sixteenth); 2(d) in 2-28869
(seventeenth); 2(c) in 2-35107 (eighteenth); 2(d) in 2-36646 (nineteenth); 2(c) in 2-39253
(twentieth); 2(c) in 2-41080 (twenty-first); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-5151 (twenty-second);
c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-5257 (twenty-third); c to rule 24 certificate in 70-5343
(twenty-fourth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-5404 (twenty-fifth); c to rule 24 certificate in
70-5502 (twenty-sixth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-5556 (twenty-seventh); c-1 to rule 24
certificate in 70-5693 (twenty-eighth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6078 (twenty-ninth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6174 (thirtieth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6246 (thirty-first);
c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6498 (thirty-second); a-4b-2 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6326
(thirty-third); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6607 (thirty-fourth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in
70-6650 (thirty-fifth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate dated december 1, 1982 in 70-6774 (thirty-sixth);
c-1 to rule 24 certificate dated february 17, 1983 in 70-6774 (thirty-seventh); a-2(a) to rule 24
certificate dated december 5, 1984 in 70-6858 (thirty-eighth); a-3(a) to rule 24 certificate in
70-7127 (thirty-ninth); a-7 to rule 24 certificate in 70-7068 (fortieth); a-8(b) to rule 24
certificate dated july 6, 1989 in 70-7346 (forty-first); a-8(c) to rule 24 certificate dated february 1, 1990 in 70-7346 (forty-second); 4 to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1990
in 1-10764 (forty-third); a-2(a) to rule 24 certificate dated november 30, 1990 in 70-7802
(forty-fourth); a-2(b) to rule 24 certificate dated january 24, 1991 in 70-7802 (forty-fifth);
4(d)(2) in 33-54298 (forty-sixth); 4(c)(2) to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1992 in
1-10764 (forty-seventh); 4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1993 in 1-10764
(forty-eighth); 4(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1993 in 1-10764 (forty-ninth); 4(b)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1993 in 1-10764 (fiftieth); 4(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1993 in 1-10764 (fifty-first); 4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1994 in 1-10764 (fifty-second); c-2 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1995
(fifty-third); c-2(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1996 (fifty-fourth); 4(a) to form
10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2000 in 1-10764 (fifty-fifth); 4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2001 in 1-10764 (fifty-sixth); c-2(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 2001 (fifty-seventh); 4(c)1 to form 10-k for the year december 31, 2002 in 1-10764
(fifty-eighth); 4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2003 in 1-10764 (fifty-ninth); 4(f)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2003 in 1-10764 (sixtieth); 4(h) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2003 in 1-10764 (sixty-first); 4(e) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2004 in 1-10764 (sixty-second); 4(c)1 to form 10-k for the year december 31, 2004 in
1-10764 (sixty-third); c-2(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 2004 (sixty-fourth); 4(c)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2005 in 1-10764 (sixty-fifth);  4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2006 in 1-10764 (sixty-sixth); 4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2008 in 1-10764 (sixty-seventh); 4(c)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 in
1-10764 (sixty-eighth); 4.06 to form 8-k dated october 8, 2010 in 1-10764 (sixty-ninth); 4.06 to form 8-k dated november 12, 2010 in 1-10764 (seventieth); 4.06 to form 8-k dated december 13, 2012
in 1-10764 (seventy-first); 4(e) to form 8-k dated january 9, 2013 in 1-10764 (seventy-second); 4.06
to form 8-k dated may 30, 2013 in 1-10764 (seventy-third); 4.06 to form 8-k dated june 4, 2013 in
1-10764 (seventy-fourth); 4.02 to form 8-k dated july 26, 2013 in 1-10764 (seventy-fifth); 4.05 to form 8-k dated march 14, 2014 in 1-10764 (seventy-sixth); and 4.05 to form 8-k dated december 9,
2014 in 1-10764 (seventy-seventh)).
credit agreement ($150,000,000), dated as of march 9, 2012, among entergy arkansas, inc., as borrower, the banks named therein (citibank, n.a., jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., wells fargo bank, national association, mizuho corporate bank, ltd., the bank of nova scotia, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., union bank, n.a., barclays bank plc, goldman sachs bank usa, keybank national association, morgan stanley bank, n.a., the royal bank of scotland plc, bnp paribas, the bank of new york mellon, cobank, acb, deutsche bank ag new york branch, regions bank, sumitomo mitsui banking corporation, u.s. bank national association, suntrust bank, and national cooperative services corporation), citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., wells fargo bank, national association, mizuho corporate bank, ltd., the bank of nova scotia, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., and union bank, n.a., as lc issuing banks, and the
(c) 1 --   other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4.2 to form 8-k filed march 14, 2012 in
(c) 2 --   1-10764).
*(c) 3 --  extension agreement, dated as of march 1, 2013, to credit agreement.
*(c) 4 --  extension agreement, dated as of march 14, 2014, to credit agreement.

e-5
table of contents entergy gulf states louisiana indenture of mortgage, dated september 1, 1926, as amended by certain supplemental indentures
(b-a-i-1 in registration no. 2-2449 (mortgage); 7-a-9 in registration no. 2-6893 (seventh); b to form 8-k dated september 1, 1959 (eighteenth); b to form 8-k dated february 1, 1966 (twenty-second);
b to form 8-k dated march 1, 1967 (twenty-third); c to form 8-k dated march 1, 1968 (twenty-fourth);
b to form 8-k dated november 1, 1968 (twenty-fifth); b to form 8-k dated april 1, 1969
(twenty-sixth); 2-a-8 in registration no. 2-66612 (thirty-eighth); 4-2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in 1-27031 (forty-eighth); 4-2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
1988 in 1-27031 (fifty-second); 4 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1991 in 1-27031
(fifty-third); 4 to form 8-k dated july 29, 1992 in 1-27031 (fifth-fourth); 4 to form 10-k dated december 31, 1992 in 1-27031 (fifty-fifth); 4 to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 1993 in
1-27031 (fifty-sixth); 4-2 to amendment no. 9 to registration no. 2-76551 (fifty-seventh); 4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31,1999 in 1-27031 (fifty-eighth); a-2(a) to rule 24
certificate dated june 23, 2000 in 70-8721 (fifty-ninth); a-2(a) to rule 24 certificate dated september 10, 2001 in 70-9751 (sixtieth); a-2(b) to rule 24 certificate dated november 18, 2002 in
70-9751 (sixty-first); a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate dated december 6, 2002 in 70-9751
(d) 1 --   (sixty-second); a-2(d) to rule 24 certificate dated june 16, 2003 in 70-9751 (sixty-third); a-2(e)
to rule 24 certificate dated june 27, 2003 in 70-9751 (sixty-fourth); a-2(f) to rule 24 certificate dated july 11, 2003 in 70-9751 (sixty-fifth); a-2(g) to rule 24 certificate dated july 28, 2003 in
70-9751 (sixty-sixth); a-3(i) to rule 24 certificate dated november 4, 2004 in 70-10158
(sixty-seventh); a-3(ii) to rule 24 certificate dated november 23, 2004 in 70-10158 (sixty-eighth);
a-3(iii) to rule 24 certificate dated february 16, 2005 in 70-10158 (sixty-ninth); a-3(iv) to rule
24 certificate dated june 2, 2005 in 70-10158 (seventieth); a-3(v) to rule 24 certificate dated july
21, 2005 in 70-10158 (seventy-first); a-3(vi) to rule 24 certificate dated october 7, 2005 in
70-10158 (seventy-second); a-3(vii) to rule 24 certificate dated december 19, 2005 in 70-10158
(seventy-third); 4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2006 in 1-27031 (seventy-fourth);
4(iv) to form 8-k15d5 dated january 7, 2008 in 333-148557 (seventy-fifth); 4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2008 in 333-148557 (seventy-sixth); 4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2009 in 0-20371 (seventy-seventh); 4.07 to form 8-k dated october 1, 2010 in 0-20371
(seventy-eighth); 4(c) to form 8-k filed october 12, 2010 in 0-20371 (seventy-ninth); 4(f) to form
8-k filed october 12, 2010 in 0-20371 (eightieth); and 4.07 to form 8-k dated july 1, 2014 in
0-20371 (eighty-first)).
indenture, dated march 21, 1939, accepting resignation of the chase national bank of the city of new
(d) 2 --   york as trustee and appointing central hanover bank and trust company as successor trustee (b-a-1-6
in registration no. 2-4076).
agreement of resignation, appointment and acceptance, dated as of october 3, 2007, among entergy
(d) 3 --   gulf states, inc., jpmorgan chase bank, national association, as resigning trustee, and the bank of new york, as successor trustee (4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2007 in
1-27031).
assumption agreement, dated as of may 30, 2008, among entergy texas, inc., entergy gulf states
(d) 4 --   louisiana, l.l.c. and citibank, n.a., as administrative agent (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2008 in 0-53134).
credit agreement ($150,000,000), dated as of march 9, 2012, among entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c., as borrower, the banks named therein (citibank, n.a., jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., wells fargo bank, national association, mizuho corporate bank, ltd., the bank of nova scotia, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., union bank, n.a., barclays bank plc, goldman sachs bank usa, keybank national association, morgan stanley bank, n.a., the royal bank of scotland plc, bnp paribas, the
(d) 5 --   bank of new york mellon, cobank, acb, deutsche bank ag new york branch, regions bank, sumitomo mitsui banking corporation, u.s. bank national association, suntrust bank, and national cooperative services corporation), citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., wells fargo bank, national association, mizuho corporate bank, ltd., the bank of nova scotia, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., and union bank, n.a., as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4.3 to form 8-k filed march 14, 2012 in
0-20371).
*(d) 6 --  extension agreement, dated as of march 1, 2013, to credit agreement.
*(d) 7 --  extension agreement, dated as of march 14, 2014, to credit agreement.
e-6
table of contents entergy louisiana mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of april 1, 1944, as amended by seventy-eight supplemental indentures (7(d) in 2-5317 (mortgage); 7(b) in 2-7408 (first); 7(c) in 2-8636 (second); 4(b)-3 in
2-10412 (third); 4(b)-4 in 2-12264 (fourth); 2(b)-5 in 2-12936 (fifth); d in 70-3862 (sixth); 2(b)-7
in 2-22340 (seventh); 2(c) in 2-24429 (eighth); 4(c)-9 in 2-25801 (ninth); 4(c)-10 in 2-26911
(tenth); 2(c) in 2-28123 (eleventh); 2(c) in 2-34659 (twelfth); c to rule 24 certificate in 70-4793
(thirteenth); 2(b)-2 in 2-38378 (fourteenth); 2(b)-2 in 2-39437 (fifteenth); 2(b)-2 in 2-42523
(sixteenth); c to rule 24 certificate in 70-5242 (seventeenth); c to rule 24 certificate in 70-5330
(eighteenth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-5449 (nineteenth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in
70-5550 (twentieth); a-6(a) to rule 24 certificate in 70-5598 (twenty-first); c-1 to rule 24
certificate in 70-5711 (twenty-second); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-5919 (twenty-third); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6102 (twenty-fourth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6169 (twenty-fifth);
c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6278 (twenty-sixth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6355
(twenty-seventh); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6508 (twenty-eighth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6556 (twenty-ninth); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6635 (thirtieth); c-1 to rule 24
certificate in 70-6834 (thirty-first); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6886 (thirty-second); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6993 (thirty-third); c-2 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6993 (thirty-fourth);
c-3 to rule 24 certificate in 70-6993 (thirty-fifth); a-2(a) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7166
(thirty-sixth); a-2(a) in 70-7226 (thirty-seventh); c-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-7270
(thirty-eighth); 4(a) to quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1988 in 1-8474
(thirty-ninth); a-2(b) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7553 (fortieth); a-2(d) to rule 24 certificate in
70-7553 (forty-first); a-3(a) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7822 (forty-second); a-3(b) to rule 24
certificate in 70-7822 (forty-third); a-2(b) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7822 (forty-fourth); a-3(c)
to rule 24 certificate in 70-7822 (forty-fifth); a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate dated april 7, 1993 in
70-7822 (forty-sixth); a-3(d) to rule 24 certificate dated june 4, 1993 in 70-7822 (forth-seventh);
(e) 1 --  a-3(e) to rule 24 certificate dated december 21, 1993 in 70-7822 (forty-eighth); a-3(f) to rule 24
certificate dated august 1, 1994 in 70-7822 (forty-ninth); a-4(c) to rule 24 certificate dated september 28, 1994 in 70-7653 (fiftieth); a-2(a) to rule 24 certificate dated april 4, 1996 in
70-8487 (fifty-first); a-2(a) to rule 24 certificate dated april 3, 1998 in 70-9141 (fifty-second);
a-2(b) to rule 24 certificate dated april 9, 1999 in 70-9141 (fifty-third); a-3(a) to rule 24
certificate dated july 6, 1999 in 70-9141 (fifty-fourth); a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate dated june 2,
2000 in 70-9141 (fifty-fifth); a-2(d) to rule 24 certificate dated april 4, 2002 in 70-9141
(fifty-sixth); a-3(a) to rule 24 certificate dated march 30, 2004 in 70-10086 (fifty-seventh); a-3(b)
to rule 24 certificate dated october 15, 2004 in 70-10086 (fifty-eighth); a-3(c) to rule 24
certificate dated october 26, 2004 in 70-10086 (fifty-ninth); a-3(d) to rule 24 certificate dated may
18, 2005 in 70-10086 (sixtieth); a-3(e) to rule 24 certificate dated august 25, 2005 in 70-10086
(sixty-first); a-3(f) to rule 24 certificate dated october 31, 2005 in 70-10086 (sixty-second);
b-4(i) to rule 24 certificate dated january 10, 2006 in 70-10324 (sixty-third); b-4(ii) to rule 24
certificate dated january 10, 2006 in 70-10324 (sixty-fourth); 4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2008 in 1-32718 (sixty-fifth); 4(e)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2009 in 1-132718 (sixty-sixth); 4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2010 in 1-32718
(sixty-seventh); 4.08 to form 8-k dated september 24, 2010 in 1-32718 (sixty-eighth); 4(c) to form
8-k filed october 12, 2010 in 1-32718 (sixty-ninth); 4.08 to form 8-k dated november 23, 2010 in
1-32718 (seventieth); 4.08 to form 8-k dated march 24, 2011 in 1-32718 (seventy-first); 4(a) to form
10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2011 in 1-32718 (seventy-second); 4.08 to form 8-k dated december
15, 2011 in 1-32718 (seventy-third); 4.08 to form 8-k dated january 12, 2012 in 1-32718
(seventy-fourth); 4.08 to form 8-k dated july 3, 2012 in 1-32718 (seventy-fifth); 4.08 to form 8-k dated december 4, 2012 in 1-32718 (seventy-sixth); 4.08 to form 8-k dated may 21, 2013 in 1-32718
(seventy-seventh); 4.08 to form 8-k dated august 23, 2013 in 1-32718 (seventy-eighth); 4.08 to form
8-k dated june 24, 2014 in 1-32718 (seventy-ninth); 4.08 to form 8-k dated july 1, 2014 in 1-32718
(eightieth); and 4.08 to form 8-k dated november 21, 2014 (eighty-first)).
facility lease no. 1, dated as of september 1, 1989, between first national bank of commerce, as owner trustee, and entergy louisiana (4(c)-1 in registration no. 33-30660), as supplemented by lease
(e) 2 --  supplement no. 1 dated as of july 1, 1997 (attached to refunding agreement no. 1, dated as of june
27, 1997, with such refunding agreement filed as exhibit 2 to current report on form 8-k, dated july
14, 1997 in 1-8474).
facility lease no. 2, dated as of september 1, 1989, between first national bank of commerce, as owner trustee, and entergy louisiana (4(c)-2 in registration no. 33-30660), as supplemented by lease
(e) 3 --  supplemental no. 1 dated as of july 1, 1997 (attached to refunding agreement no. 2, dated as of june
27, 1997, with such refunding agreement filed as exhibit 3 to current report on form 8-k, dated july
14, 1997 in 1-8474).
e-7
table of contents facility lease no. 3, dated as of september 1, 1989, between first national bank of commerce, as owner trustee, and entergy louisiana (4(c)-3 in registration no. 33-30660), as supplemented by lease supplemental no. 1 dated as of july 1, 1997 (attached to refunding agreement no. 3, dated as of june
27, 1997, with such refunding agreement filed as exhibit 4 to current report on form 8-k, dated july
14, 1997 in 1-8474).
credit agreement ($200,000,000), dated as of march 9, 2012, among entergy louisiana, llc, as borrower, the banks named therein (citibank, n.a., jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., wells fargo bank, national association, mizuho corporate bank, ltd., the bank of nova scotia, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., union bank, n.a., barclays bank plc, goldman sachs bank usa, keybank national association, morgan stanley bank, n.a., the royal bank of scotland plc, bnp paribas, the bank of new york mellon, cobank, acb, deutsche bank ag new york branch, regions bank, sumitomo mitsui banking corporation, u.s. bank national association, suntrust bank, and national cooperative services corporation), citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., wells fargo bank, national association, mizuho corporate bank, ltd., the bank of nova scotia, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., and union bank, n.a., as lc issuing banks, and the
(e) 4 --   other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4.4 to form 8-k filed march 14, 2012 in
(e) 5 --   1-32718).
*(e) 6 --  extension agreement, dated as of march 1, 2013, to credit agreement.
*(e) 7 --  extension agreement, dated as of march 14, 2014, to credit agreement.

entergy mississippi mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of february 1, 1988, as amended by thirty-one supplemental indentures (a-2(a)-2 to rule 24 certificate in 70-7461 (mortgage); a-2(b)-2 in 70-7461 (first);
a-5(b) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7419 (second); a-4(b) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7554 (third);
a-1(b)-1 to rule 24 certificate in 70-7737 (fourth); a-2(b) to rule 24 certificate dated november 24,
1992 in 70-7914 (fifth); a-2(e) to rule 24 certificate dated january 22, 1993 in 70-7914 (sixth);
a-2(g) to form u-1 in 70-7914 (seventh); a-2(i) to rule 24 certificate dated november 10, 1993 in
70-7914 (eighth); a-2(j) to rule 24 certificate dated july 22, 1994 in 70-7914 (ninth); (a-2(l) to rule 24 certificate dated april 21, 1995 in 70-7914 (tenth); a-2(a) to rule 24 certificate dated june
27, 1997 in 70-8719 (eleventh); a-2(b) to rule 24 certificate dated april 16, 1998 in 70-8719
(twelfth); a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate dated may 12, 1999 in 70-8719 (thirteenth); a-3(a) to rule
24 certificate dated june 8, 1999 in 70-8719 (fourteenth); a-2(d) to rule 24 certificate dated
(f) 1 --  february 24, 2000 in 70-8719 (fifteenth); a-2(a) to rule 24 certificate dated february 9, 2001 in
70-9757 (sixteenth); a-2(b) to rule 24 certificate dated october 31, 2002 in 70-9757 (seventeenth);
a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate dated december 2, 2002 in 70-9757 (eighteenth); a-2(d) to rule 24
certificate dated february 6, 2003 in 70-9757 (nineteenth); a-2(e) to rule 24 certificate dated april
4, 2003 in 70-9757 (twentieth); a-2(f) to rule 24 certificate dated june 6, 2003 in 70-9757
(twenty-first); a-3(a) to rule 24 certificate dated april 8, 2004 in 70-10157 (twenty-second); a-3(b)
to rule 24 certificate dated april 29, 2004 in 70-10157 (twenty-third); a-3(c) to rule 24 certificate dated october 4, 2004 in 70-10157 (twenty-fourth); a-3(d) to rule 24 certificate dated january 27,
2006 in 70-10157 (twenty-fifth); 4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2009 in 1-31508
(twenty-sixth); 4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2010 in 1-31508 (twenty-seventh);
4.38 to form 8-k dated april 15, 2011 in 1-31508 (twenty-eighth); 4.38 to form 8-k dated may 13, 2011
in 1-31508 (twenty-ninth); 4.38 to form 8-k dated december 11, 2012 in 1-31508 (thirtieth); and 4.05
to form 8-k dated march 21, 2014 in 1-31508 (thirty-first)).
e-8
table of contents entergy new orleans mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of may 1, 1987, as amended by seventeen supplemental indentures
(a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7350 (mortgage); a-5(b) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7350
(first); a-4(b) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7448 (second); 4(f)4 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1992 in 0-5807 (third); 4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1993 in
0-5807 (fourth); 4(a) to form 8-k dated april 26, 1995 in 0-5807 (fifth); 4(a) to form 8-k dated march 22, 1996 in 0-5807 (sixth); 4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1998 in 0-5807
(g) 1 --  (seventh); 4(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2000 in 0-5807 (eighth); c-5(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 2000 (ninth); 4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september
30, 2002 in 0-5807 (tenth); 4(k) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2003 in 0-5807
(eleventh); 4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2004 in 0-5807 (twelfth); 4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2004 in 0-5807 (thirteenth); 4(e) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2005 in 0-5807 (fourteenth); 4.02 to form 8-k dated november 23, 2010 in
0-5807 (fifteenth); 4.02 to form 8-k dated november 29, 2012 in 0-5807 (sixteenth); and 4.02 to form
8-k dated june 21, 2013 in 0-5807 (seventeenth)).
e-9
table of contents entergy texas credit agreement ($150,000,000), dated as of march 9, 2012, among entergy texas, inc., as borrower, the banks named therein (citibank, n.a., jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., wells fargo bank, national association, mizuho corporate bank, ltd., the bank of nova scotia, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., union bank, n.a., barclays bank plc, goldman sachs bank usa, keybank national association, morgan stanley bank, n.a., the royal bank of scotland plc, bnp paribas, the bank of new york mellon, cobank, acb, deutsche bank ag new york branch, regions bank, sumitomo mitsui banking corporation, u.s. bank national association, suntrust bank, and national cooperative services corporation), citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., wells fargo bank, national association, mizuho corporate bank, ltd., the bank of nova scotia, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd., and union bank, n.a., as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing
(h) 1 --   banks from time to time parties thereto (4.5 to form 8-k filed march 14, 2012 in 1-34360).
*(h) 2 --  extension agreement, dated as of march 1, 2013, to credit agreement.
*(h) 3 --  extension agreement, dated as of march 14, 2014, to credit agreement.

assumption agreement, dated as of may 30, 2008, among entergy texas, inc., entergy gulf states
(h) 4 --   louisiana, l.l.c. and citibank, n.a., as administrative agent (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2008 in 0-53134).
indenture, deed of trust and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas,
(h) 5 --   inc. and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4(h)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2008 in 0-53134).
officer's certificate no. 1-b-1 dated january 27, 2009, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(h) 6 --   security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas, inc. and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4(h)3 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 in 0-53134).
officer's certificate no. 2-b-2 dated may 14, 2009, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(h) 7 --   security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas, inc. and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2009 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 3-b-3 dated may 18, 2010, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(h) 8 --   security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas, inc. and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2010 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 5-b-4 dated september 7, 2011, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(h) 9 --   and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas, inc. and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k dated september 13, 2011 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 7-b-5 dated may 13, 2014, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(h) 10 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas, inc. and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2014 in 1-34360).
(10) material contracts entergy corporation agreement, dated april 23, 1982, among certain system companies, relating to system planning and
(a) 1 --  development and intra-system transactions (10(a)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982
in 1-3517).
(a) 2 --  second amended and restated entergy system agency agreement, dated as of january 1, 2008 (10(a)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 1-11299).
e-10

(a) 3 --   middle south utilities system agency coordination agreement, dated december 11, 1970 (5(a)3 in
2-41080).
(a) 4 --   service agreement with entergy services, dated as of april 1, 1963 (5(a)5 in 2-41080).
(a) 5 --   amendment, dated april 27, 1984, to service agreement with entergy services (10(a)7 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in 1-3517).
(a) 6 --   amendment, dated january 1, 2000, to service agreement with entergy services (10(a)12 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
(a) 7 --   amendment, dated december 19, 2013, to service agreement with entergy services (10(a)7 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-11299).
(a) 8 --   availability agreement, dated june 21, 1974, among system energy and certain other system companies
(b to rule 24 certificate dated june 24, 1974 in 70-5399).
(a) 9 --   first amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 30, 1977 (b to rule 24 certificate dated june 24, 1977 in 70-5399).
(a) 10 --  second amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 15, 1981 (e to rule 24 certificate dated july 1, 1981 in 70-6592).
(a) 11 --  third amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984 (b-13(a) to rule 24 certificate dated july 6, 1984 in 70-6985).
(a) 12 --  fourth amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 1, 1989 (a to rule 24 certificate dated june 8, 1989 in 70-5399).
thirty-fifth assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated as of december 22,
(a) 13 --  2003, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans, and union bank of california, n.a (10(a)25 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2003 in 1-11299).
(a) 14 --  first amendment to thirty-fifth assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated as of december 17, 2004 (10(a)24 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 in 1-11299).
thirty-seventh assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated as of september 1,
(a) 15 --  2012, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee (10(a)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 in 1-11299).
(a) 16 --  capital funds agreement, dated june 21, 1974, between entergy corporation and system energy (c to rule 24 certificate dated june 24, 1974 in 70-5399).
(a) 17 --  first amendment to capital funds agreement, dated as of june 1, 1989 (b to rule 24 certificate dated june 8, 1989 in 70-5399).
thirty-fifth supplementary capital funds agreement and assignment, dated as of december 22, 2003,
(a) 18 --  among entergy corporation, system energy, and union bank of california, n.a (10(a)38 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2003 in 1-11299).
thirty-seventh supplementary capital funds agreement and assignment, dated as of september 1, 2012,
(a) 19 --  among entergy corporation, system energy, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee
(10(a)19 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 in 1-11299).
e-11
table of contents first amendment to supplementary capital funds agreements and assignments, dated as of june 1, 1989,
(a) 20 --  by and between entergy corporation, system energy, deposit guaranty national bank, united states trust company of new york and gerard f. ganey (c to rule 24 certificate dated june 8, 1989 in
70-7026).
first amendment to supplementary capital funds agreements and assignments, dated as of june 1, 1989,
(a) 21 --  by and between entergy corporation, system energy, united states trust company of new york and gerard f. ganey (c to rule 24 certificate dated june 8, 1989 in 70-7123).
first amendment to supplementary capital funds agreement and assignment, dated as of june 1, 1989,
(a) 22 --  by and between entergy corporation, system energy and chemical bank (c to rule 24 certificate dated june 8, 1989 in 70-7561).
(a) 23 --  reallocation agreement, dated as of july 28, 1981, among system energy and certain other system companies (b-1(a) in 70-6624).
joint construction, acquisition and ownership agreement, dated as of may 1, 1980, between system
(a) 24 --  energy and smepa (b-1(a) in 70-6337), as amended by amendment no. 1, dated as of may 1, 1980 (b-1(c)
in 70-6337) and amendment no. 2, dated as of october 31, 1980 (1 to rule 24 certificate dated october 30, 1981 in 70-6337).
(a) 25 --  operating agreement dated as of may 1, 1980, between system energy and smepa (b(2)(a) in 70-6337).
assignment, assumption and further agreement no. 1, dated as of december 1, 1988, among system
(a) 26 --  energy, meridian trust company and stephen m. carta, and smepa (b-7(c)(1) to rule 24 certificate dated january 9, 1989 in 70-7561).
assignment, assumption and further agreement no. 2, dated as of december 1, 1988, among system
(a) 27 --  energy, meridian trust company and stephen m. carta, and smepa (b-7(c)(2) to rule 24 certificate dated january 9, 1989 in 70-7561).
(a) 28 --  substitute power agreement, dated as of may 1, 1980, among entergy mississippi, system energy and smepa (b(3)(a) in 70-6337).
(a) 29 --  grand gulf unit no. 2 supplementary agreement, dated as of february 7, 1986, between system energy and smepa (10(aaa) in 33-4033).
(a) 30 --  compromise and settlement agreement, dated june 4, 1982, between texaco, inc. and entergy louisiana
(28(a) to form 8-k dated june 4, 1982 in 1-3517).
unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 10, 1982, between system energy and entergy arkansas,
(a) 31 --  entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi and entergy new orleans (10(a)39 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982 in 1-3517).
first amendment to unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984, between system energy and
(a) 32 --  entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi and entergy new orleans (19 to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1984 in 1-3517).
(a) 33 --  revised unit power sales agreement (10(ss) in 33-4033).
(a) 34 --  middle south utilities inc. and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement, dated april 28, 1988 (d-1 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1987).
(a) 35 --  first amendment, dated january 1, 1990, to the middle south utilities inc. and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-2 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1989).
e-12
table of contents second amendment dated january 1, 1992, to the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3 to form u5s for the year ended
(a) 36 --   december 31, 1992).

(a) 37 --   third amendment dated january 1, 1994 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1993).
(a) 38 --   fourth amendment dated april 1, 1997 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-5 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1996).
fifth amendment dated november 20, 2009 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies
(a) 39 --   intercompany income tax allocation agreement (10(a)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2009 in 1-11299).
sixth amendment dated october 11, 2010 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(a) 40 --   income tax allocation agreement (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 in
1-11299).
(a) 41 --   guaranty agreement between entergy corporation and entergy arkansas, dated as of september 20, 1990
(b-1(a) to rule 24 certificate dated september 27, 1990 in 70-7757).
(a) 42 --   guarantee agreement between entergy corporation and entergy louisiana, dated as of september 20,
1990 (b-2(a) to rule 24 certificate dated september 27, 1990 in 70-7757).
(a) 43 --   guarantee agreement between entergy corporation and system energy, dated as of september 20, 1990
(b-3(a) to rule 24 certificate dated september 27, 1990 in 70- 7757).
(a) 44 --   loan agreement between entergy operations and entergy corporation, dated as of september 20, 1990
(b-12(b) to rule 24 certificate dated june 15, 1990 in 70-7679).
(a) 45 --   loan agreement between entergy corporation and entergy systems and service, inc., dated as of december 29, 1992 (a-4(b) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7947).
2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries
+(a) 46 --  (effective for grants and elections on or after january 1, 2007) (appendix b to entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 24, 2006 in 1-11299).
first amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
+(a) 47 --  corporation and subsidiaries effective october 26, 2006 (10(a)50 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
second amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
+(a) 48 --  corporation and subsidiaries effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)51 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
third amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
+(a) 49 --  corporation and subsidiaries effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)52 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
amended and restated 1998 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (effective
+(a) 50 --  for grants and elections after february 13, 2003) (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march
31, 2003 in 1-11299).
+(a) 51 --  first amendment of the 1998 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2005 (10(a)54 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
e-13

+(a) 52 --  second amendment of the 1998 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective october 26, 2006 (10(a)55 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 53 --  third amendment of the 1998 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 54 --  2011 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries
(annex a to entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 24, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 55 --  supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 56 --  first amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)58 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 57 --  second amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 58 --  third amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 59 --  fourth amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and
+(a) 60 --  restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)59 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
first amendment of the defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 61 --  subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)60 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2010 in 1-11299).
second amendment of the defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 62 --  subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)60 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011
in 1-11299).
+(a) 63 --  executive disability plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(a)74 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and
+(a) 64 --  restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)62 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
first amendment of the executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 65 --  subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)63 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2010 in 1-11299).
second amendment of the executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 66 --  subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)64 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011
in 1-11299).
+(a) 67 --  system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective as of january
1, 2009 (10(a)77 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
+(a) 68--   first amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2010 (10(a)78 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
+(a) 69 --  second amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)69 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
e-14

+(a) 70 --  third amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)71 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 71 --  post-retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended effective january 1, 2000
(10(a)80 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
+(a) 72 --  amendment, effective december 28, 2001, to the post-retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
+(a) 73 --  pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)74 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 74 --  first amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)75 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 75 --  second amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)76 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 76 --  third amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective june 19, 2013 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 77 --  fourth amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 78 --  fifth amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
service recognition program for non-employee outside directors of entergy corporation and
+(a) 79 --  subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective june 1, 2012 (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2012 in 1-11299).
+(a) 80 --  executive income security plan of gulf states utilities company, as amended effective march 1, 1991
(10(a)86 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
+(a) 81 --  system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2009
(10(a)78 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 82 --  first amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)79 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 83 --  second amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 84--   third amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 26, 2012 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 85 --  fourth amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(d) to form 10-q for the year ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 86 --  fifth amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(d) to form 10-q for the year ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
agreement of limited partnership of entergy-koch, lp among eklp, llc, ek holding i, llc, ek holding
(a) 87 --   ii, llc and koch energy, inc. dated january 31, 2001 (10(a)94 to form 10-k/a for the year ended december 31, 2000 in 1-11299).
e-15

+(a) 88 --   employment agreement effective november 24, 2003 between mark t. savoff and entergy services
(10(a)99 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2003 in 1-11299).
+(a) 89 --   employment agreement effective february 9, 1999 between leo p. denault and entergy services (10(a)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2004 in 1-11299).
+(a) 90 --   amendment to employment agreement effective march 5, 2004 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2004 in 1-11299).
+(a) 91 --   retention agreement effective august 3, 2006 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(b)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2006 in 1-11299).
+(a) 92 --   amendment to retention agreement effective january 1, 2009 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(a)93 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 93 --   amendment to retention agreement effective january 1, 2010 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(a)101 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
+(a) 94 --   amendment to retention agreement effective december 30, 2010 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(a)95 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 95 --   shareholder approval of future severance agreements policy, effective march 8, 2004 (10(f) to form
10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2004 in 1-11299).
entergy corporation outside director stock program established under the 2011 equity ownership and
+(a) 96 --   long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2011 in 1-11299).
first amendment to entergy corporation outside director stock program established under the 2011
+(a) 97 --   equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation subsidiaries (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2012 in 1-11299).
+(a) 98 --   entergy nuclear retention plan, as amended and restated january 1, 2007 (10(a)107 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 1-11299).
executive annual incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries as amended and restated
+(a) 99 --   effective january 1, 2010 (annex a to entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 17, 2010 in 1-11299).
first amendment of the executive annual incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 100 --  effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)106 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in
1-11299).
*+(a)101-    form of stock option grant letter.
*+(a)102-    form of long term incentive program performance unit grant letter.
*+(a)103-    form of restricted stock grant letter.
(a) 104 --   employee matters agreement, dated as of december 4, 2011, among entergy corporation, mid south transco llc and itc holdings corp. (10.1 to form 8-k filed december 6, 2011 in 1-11299).
*+(a)105-    retention agreement effective february 1, 2013 between william m. mohl and entergy corporation.
+(a)106 --   restricted units agreement between roderick k. west and entergy corporation (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
e-16

+(a)107 --  restricted unit agreement between jeffrey s. forbes and entergy corporation (10(a)109 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-11299).
system energy
(b) 1 through
(b) 8 -- see 10(a)8 through 10(a)15 above.
(b) 9 through
(b) 15 -- see 10(a)16 through 10(a)22 above.
(b) 16 --  reallocation agreement, dated as of july 28, 1981, among system energy and certain other system companies (b-1(a) in 70-6624).
joint construction, acquisition and ownership agreement, dated as of may 1, 1980, between system
(b) 17 --  energy and smepa (b-1(a) in 70-6337), as amended by amendment no. 1, dated as of may 1, 1980 (b-1(c)
in 70-6337) and amendment no. 2, dated as of october 31, 1980 (1 to rule 24 certificate dated october 30, 1981 in 70-6337).
(b) 18 --  operating agreement, dated as of may 1, 1980, between system energy and smepa (b(2)(a) in 70-6337).
amended and restated installment sale agreement, dated as of february 15, 1996, between system
(b) 19 --  energy and claiborne county, mississippi (b-6(a) to rule 24 certificate dated march 4, 1996 in
70-8511).
(b) 20 --  loan agreement, dated as of october 15, 1998, between system energy and mississippi business finance corporation (b-6(b) to rule 24 certificate dated november 12, 1998 in 70-8511).
facility lease no. 1, dated as of december 1, 1988, between meridian trust company and stephen m.
carta (stephen j. kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy (b-2(c)(1) to rule 24
certificate dated january 9, 1989 in 70-7561), as supplemented by lease supplement no. 1 dated as of
(b) 21 --  april 1, 1989 (b-22(b) (1) to rule 24 certificate dated april 21, 1989 in 70-7561), lease supplement no. 2 dated as of january 1, 1994 (b-3(d) to rule 24 certificate dated january 31, 1994 in 70-8215), and lease supplement no. 3 dated as of may 1, 2004 (b-3(d) to rule 24 certificate dated june 4, 2004
in 70-10182).
facility lease no. 2, dated as of december 1, 1988 between meridian trust company and stephen m.
carta (stephen j. kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy (b-2(c)(2) to rule 24
certificate dated january 9, 1989 in 70-7561), as supplemented by lease supplement no. 1 dated as of
(b) 22 --  april 1, 1989 (b-22(b) (2) to rule 24 certificate dated april 21, 1989 in 70-7561), lease supplement no. 2 dated as of january 1, 1994 (b-4(d) rule 24 certificate dated january 31, 1994 in 70-8215), and lease supplement no. 3 dated as of may 1, 2004 (b-4(d) to rule 24 certificate dated june 4, 2004
in 70-10182).
assignment, assumption and further agreement no. 1, dated as of december 1, 1988, among system
(b) 23 --  energy, meridian trust company and stephen m. carta, and smepa (b-7(c)(1) to rule 24 certificate dated january 9, 1989 in 70-7561).
assignment, assumption and further agreement no. 2, dated as of december 1, 1988, among system
(b) 24 --  energy, meridian trust company and stephen m. carta, and smepa (b-7(c)(2) to rule 24 certificate dated january 9, 1989 in 70-7561).
(b) 25 --  substitute power agreement, dated as of may 1, 1980, among entergy mississippi, system energy and smepa (b(3)(a) in 70-6337).
e-17

(b) 26 --  grand gulf unit no. 2 supplementary agreement, dated as of february 7, 1986, between system energy and smepa (10(aaa) in 33-4033).
unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 10, 1982, between system energy and entergy arkansas,
(b) 27 --  entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi and entergy new orleans (10(a)39 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982 in 1-3517).
first amendment to the unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984, between system energy
(b) 28 --  and entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi and entergy new orleans (19 to form
10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1984 in 1-3517).
(b) 29 --  revised unit power sales agreement (10(ss) in 33-4033).
(b) 30 --  fuel lease, dated as of february 24, 1989, between river fuel funding company #3, inc. and system energy (b-1(b) to rule 24 certificate dated march 3, 1989 in 70-7604).
system energy's consent, dated january 31, 1995, pursuant to fuel lease, dated as of february 24,
(b) 31 --  1989, between river fuel funding company #3, inc. and system energy (b-1(c) to rule 24 certificate dated february 13, 1995 in 70-7604).
(b) 32 --  sales agreement, dated as of june 21, 1974, between system energy and entergy mississippi (d to rule
24 certificate dated june 26, 1974 in 70-5399).
(b) 33 --  service agreement, dated as of june 21, 1974, between system energy and entergy mississippi (e to rule 24 certificate dated june 26, 1974 in 70-5399).
(b) 34 --  partial termination agreement, dated as of december 1, 1986, between system energy and entergy mississippi (a-2 to rule 24 certificate dated january 8, 1987 in 70-5399).
(b) 35 --  middle south utilities, inc. and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement, dated april 28, 1988 (d-1 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1987).
(b) 36 --  first amendment, dated january 1, 1990 to the middle south utilities inc. and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-2 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1989).
(b) 37 --  second amendment dated january 1, 1992, to the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1992).
(b) 38 --  third amendment dated january 1, 1994 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1993).
(b) 39 --  fourth amendment dated april 1, 1997 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-5 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1996).
fifth amendment dated november 20, 2009 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(b) 40 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in
1-9067).
sixth amendment dated october 11, 2010 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(b) 41 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 in
1-9067).
(b) 42 --  service agreement with entergy services, dated as of july 16, 1974, as amended (10(b)43 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1988 in 1-9067).
e-18

(b) 43 --  amendment, dated january 1, 2004, to service agreement with entergy services (10(b)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 in 1-9067).
(b) 44 --  amendment, dated december 19, 2013, to service agreement with entergy services (10(b)44 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-9067).
(b) 45 --  operating agreement between entergy operations and system energy, dated as of june 6, 1990 (b-3(b)
to rule 24 certificate dated june 15, 1990 in 70-7679).
(b) 46 --  guarantee agreement between entergy corporation and system energy, dated as of september 20, 1990
(b-3(a) to rule 24 certificate dated september 27, 1990 in 70-7757).
letter of credit and reimbursement agreement, dated as of december 22, 2003, among system energy resources, inc., union bank of california, n.a., as administrating bank and funding bank, keybank
(b) 47 --  national association, as syndication agent, banc one capital markets, inc., as documentation agent, and the banks named therein, as participating banks (10(b)63 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2003 in 1-9067).
(b) 48 --  amendment to letter of credit and reimbursement agreement, dated as of december 22, 2003 (10(b)62 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 in 1-9067).
(b) 49 --  first amendment and consent, dated as of may 3, 2004, to letter of credit and reimbursement agreement (10(b)63 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 in 1-9067).
(b) 50 --  second amendment and consent, dated as of december 17, 2004, to letter of credit and reimbursement agreement (99 to form 8-k dated december 22, 2004 in 1-9067).
(b) 51 --  third amendment and consent, dated as of may 14, 2009, to letter of credit and reimbursement agreement (10(b)69 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-9067).
(b) 52 --  fourth amendment and consent, dated as of april 15, 2010, to letter of credit and reimbursement agreement (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2010 in 1-9067).
(b) 53 --  fifth amendment and consent, dated as of november 15, 2012, to letter of credit and reimbursement agreement (10(b)55 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 in 1-9067).
entergy arkansas agreement, dated april 23, 1982, among entergy arkansas and certain other system companies, relating
(c) 1 --  to system planning and development and intra-system transactions (10(a) 1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982 in 1-3517).
(c) 2 --  second amended and restated entergy system agency agreement, dated as of january 1, 2008 (10(a)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 1-10764).
(c) 3 --  middle south utilities system agency coordination agreement, dated december 11, 1970 (5(a)3 in
2-41080).
(c) 4 --  service agreement with entergy services, dated as of april 1, 1963 (5(a)5 in 2-41080).
amendment, dated december 19, 2013, to service agreement, with entergy services (includes amended and restated service agreement for administrative and general support services, service agreement for
(c) 5 --  generation planning and operational support services, and service agreement for transmission planning and reliability support services (10(c)5 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in
1-10764).
(c) 6 through
(c) 13 -- see 10(a)8 through 10(a)15 above.
e-19

(c) 14 --  agreement, dated august 20, 1954, between entergy arkansas and the united states of america
(spa)(13(h) in 2-11467).
(c) 15 --  amendment, dated april 19, 1955, to the united states of america (spa) contract, dated august 20,
1954 (5(d)2 in 2-41080).
(c) 16 --  amendment, dated january 3, 1964, to the united states of america (spa) contract, dated august 20,
1954 (5(d)3 in 2-41080).
(c) 17 --  amendment, dated september 5, 1968, to the united states of america (spa) contract, dated august 20,
1954 (5(d)4 in 2-41080).
(c) 18 --  amendment, dated november 19, 1970, to the united states of america (spa) contract, dated august 20,
1954 (5(d)5 in 2-41080).
(c) 19 --  amendment, dated july 18, 1961, to the united states of america (spa) contract, dated august 20,
1954 (5(d)6 in 2-41080).
(c) 20 --  amendment, dated december 27, 1961, to the united states of america (spa) contract, dated august 20,
1954 (5(d)7 in 2-41080).
(c) 21 --  amendment, dated january 25, 1968, to the united states of america (spa) contract, dated august 20,
1954 (5(d)8 in 2-41080).
(c) 22 --  amendment, dated october 14, 1971, to the united states of america (spa) contract, dated august 20,
1954 (5(d)9 in 2-43175).
(c) 23 --  amendment, dated january 10, 1977, to the united states of america (spa) contract, dated august 20,
1954 (5(d)10 in 2-60233).
(c) 24 --  agreement, dated may 14, 1971, between entergy arkansas and the united states of america (spa) (5(e)
in 2-41080).
(c) 25 --  amendment, dated january 10, 1977, to the united states of america (spa) contract, dated may 14,
1971 (5(e)1 in 2-60233).
contract, dated may 28, 1943, amendment to contract, dated july 21, 1949, and supplement to amendment to contract, dated december 30, 1949, between entergy arkansas and mckamie gas cleaning
(c) 26 --  company; agreements, dated as of september 30, 1965, between entergy arkansas and former stockholders of mckamie gas cleaning company; and letter agreement, dated june 22, 1966, by humble oil & refining company accepted by entergy arkansas on june 24, 1966 (5(k)7 in 2-41080).
(c) 27 --  fuel lease, dated as of december 22, 1988, between river fuel trust #1 and entergy arkansas (b-1(b)
to rule 24 certificate in 70-7571).
white bluff operating agreement, dated june 27, 1977, among entergy arkansas and arkansas electric
(c) 28 --  cooperative corporation and city water and light plant of the city of jonesboro, arkansas (b-2(a) to rule 24 certificate dated june 30, 1977 in 70-6009).
white bluff ownership agreement, dated june 27, 1977, among entergy arkansas and arkansas electric
(c) 29 --  cooperative corporation and city water and light plant of the city of jonesboro, arkansas (b-1(a) to rule 24 certificate dated june 30, 1977 in 70-6009).
(c) 30 --  agreement, dated june 29, 1979, between entergy arkansas and city of conway, arkansas (5(r)3 in
2-66235).
(c) 31 --  transmission agreement, dated august 2, 1977, between entergy arkansas and city water and light plant of the city of jonesboro, arkansas (5(r)3 in 2-60233).
e-20

(c) 32 --  power coordination, interchange and transmission service agreement, dated as of june 27, 1977, between arkansas electric cooperative corporation and entergy arkansas (5(r)4 in 2-60233).
independence steam electric station operating agreement, dated july 31, 1979, among entergy arkansas
(c) 33 --  and arkansas electric cooperative corporation and city water and light plant of the city of jonesboro, arkansas and city of conway, arkansas (5(r)6 in 2-66235).
(c) 34 --  amendment, dated december 4, 1984, to the independence steam electric station operating agreement
(10(c)51 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in 1-10764).
independence steam electric station ownership agreement, dated july 31, 1979, among entergy arkansas
(c) 35 --  and arkansas electric cooperative corporation and city water and light plant of the city of jonesboro, arkansas and city of conway, arkansas (5(r)7 in 2-66235).
(c) 36 --  amendment, dated december 28, 1979, to the independence steam electric station ownership agreement
(5(r)7(a) in 2-66235).
(c) 37 --  amendment, dated december 4, 1984, to the independence steam electric station ownership agreement
(10(c)54 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in 1-10764).
owner's agreement, dated november 28, 1984, among entergy arkansas, entergy mississippi, other
(c) 38 --  co-owners of the independence station (10(c)55 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in
1-10764).
consent, agreement and assumption, dated december 4, 1984, among entergy arkansas, entergy
(c) 39 --  mississippi, other co-owners of the independence station and united states trust company of new york, as trustee (10(c)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in 1-10764).
power coordination, interchange and transmission service agreement, dated as of july 31, 1979,
(c) 40 --  between entergy arkansas and city water and light plant of the city of jonesboro, arkansas (5(r)8 in
2-66235).
(c) 41 --  power coordination, interchange and transmission agreement, dated as of june 29, 1979, between city of conway, arkansas and entergy arkansas (5(r)9 in 2-66235).
(c) 42 --  agreement, dated june 21, 1979, between entergy arkansas and reeves e. ritchie (10(b)90 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1980 in 1-10764).
(c) 43 --  reallocation agreement, dated as of july 28, 1981, among system energy and certain other system companies (b-1(a) in 70-6624).
unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 10, 1982, between system energy and entergy arkansas,
(c) 44 --  entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans (10(a)39 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982 in 1-3517).
first amendment to unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984, between system energy,
(c) 45 --  entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans (19 to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1984 in 1-3517).
(c) 46 --  revised unit power sales agreement (10(ss) in 33-4033).
contract for disposal of spent nuclear fuel and/or high-level radioactive waste, dated june 30,
(c) 47 --  1983, among the doe, system fuels and entergy arkansas (10(b)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1983 in 1-10764).
(c) 48 --  middle south utilities, inc. and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement, dated april 28, 1988 (d-1 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1987).
e-21
table of contents first amendment, dated january 1, 1990, to the middle south utilities, inc. and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-2 to form u5s for the year ended
(c) 49 --  december 31, 1989).

(c) 50 --  second amendment dated january 1, 1992, to the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1992).
(c) 51 --  third amendment dated january 1, 1994, to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1993).
(c) 52 --  fourth amendment dated april 1, 1997 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-5 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1996).
fifth amendment dated november 20, 2009 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(c) 53 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in
1-10764).
sixth amendment dated october 11, 2010 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(c) 54 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 in
1-10764).
(c) 55 --  assignment of coal supply agreement, dated december 1, 1987, between system fuels and entergy arkansas (b to rule 24 letter filing dated november 10, 1987 in 70-5964).
coal supply agreement, dated december 22, 1976, between system fuels and antelope coal company (b-1
(c) 56 --  in 70-5964), as amended by first amendment (a to rule 24 certificate in 70-5964); second amendment
(a to rule 24 letter filing dated december 16, 1983 in 70-5964); and third amendment (a to rule 24
letter filing dated november 10, 1987 in 70-5964).
(c) 57 --  operating agreement between entergy operations and entergy arkansas, dated as of june 6, 1990
(b-1(b) to rule 24 certificate dated june 15, 1990 in 70-7679).
(c) 58 --  guaranty agreement between entergy corporation and entergy arkansas, dated as of september 20, 1990
(b-1(a) to rule 24 certificate dated september 27, 1990 in 70-7757).
(c) 59 --  agreement for purchase and sale of independence unit 2 between entergy arkansas and entergy power, dated as of august 28, 1990 (b-3(c) to rule 24 certificate dated september 6, 1990 in 70-7684).
(c) 60 --  agreement for purchase and sale of ritchie unit 2 between entergy arkansas and entergy power, dated as of august 28, 1990 (b-4(d) to rule 24 certificate dated september 6, 1990 in 70-7684).
ritchie steam electric station unit no. 2 operating agreement between entergy arkansas and entergy
(c) 61 --  power, dated as of august 28, 1990 (b-5(a) to rule 24 certificate dated september 6, 1990 in
70-7684).
ritchie steam electric station unit no. 2 ownership agreement between entergy arkansas and entergy
(c) 62 --  power, dated as of august 28, 1990 (b-6(a) to rule 24 certificate dated september 6, 1990 in
70-7684).
power coordination, interchange and transmission service agreement between entergy power and entergy
(c) 63 --  arkansas, dated as of august 28, 1990 (10(c)71 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1990 in
1-10764).
loan agreement, dated as of january 1, 2013, between jefferson county, arkansas and entergy arkansas
(c) 64 --  relating to revenue bonds (entergy arkansas, inc. project) series 2013 (4(b) to form 8-k filed january 9, 2013 in 1-10764).
e-22
table of contents loan agreement, dated as of january 1, 2013, between independence county, arkansas and entergy
(c) 65 --  arkansas relating to revenue bonds (entergy arkansas, inc. project) series 2013 (4(d) to form 8-k filed january 9, 2013 in 1-10764).
entergy gulf states louisiana agreement effective february 1, 1964, between sabine river authority, state of louisiana, and sabine river authority of texas, and entergy gulf states, inc., central louisiana electric company,
(d) 1 --    inc., and louisiana power & light company, as supplemented (b to form 8-k dated may 6, 1964, a to form 8-k dated october 5, 1967, a to form 8-k dated may 5, 1969, and a to form 8-k dated december
1, 1969 in 1-27031).
joint ownership participation and operating agreement regarding river bend unit 1 nuclear plant, dated august 20, 1979, between entergy gulf states, inc., cajun, and srg&t; power interconnection
(d) 2 --    agreement with cajun, dated june 26, 1978, and approved by the rea on august 16, 1979, between entergy gulf states, inc. and cajun; and letter agreement regarding cepco buybacks, dated august
28, 1979, between entergy gulf states, inc. and cajun (2, 3, and 4, respectively, to form 8-k dated september 7, 1979 in 1-27031).
(d) 3 --    lease agreement, dated september 18, 1980, between blc corporation and entergy gulf states, inc. (1
to form 8-k dated october 6, 1980 in 1-27031).
joint ownership participation and operating agreement for big cajun, between entergy gulf states, inc., cajun electric power cooperative, inc., and sam rayburn g&t, inc, dated november 14, 1980 (6
(d) 4 --    to form 8-k dated january 29, 1981 in 1-27031); amendment no. 1, dated december 12, 1980 (7 to form
8-k dated january 29, 1981 in 1-27031); amendment no. 2, dated december 29, 1980 (8 to form 8-k dated january 29, 1981 in 1-27031).
agreement of joint ownership participation between srmpa, srg&t and entergy gulf states, inc.,
(d) 5 --    dated june 6, 1980, for nelson station, coal unit #6, as amended (8 to form 8-k dated june 11,
1980, a-2-b to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1982; and 10-1 to form 8-k dated february
19, 1988 in 1-27031).
agreements between southern company and entergy gulf states, inc., dated february 25, 1982, which
(d) 6 --    cover the construction of a 140-mile transmission line to connect the two systems, purchase of power and use of transmission facilities (10-31 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1981
in 1-27031).
transmission facilities agreement between entergy gulf states, inc. and mississippi power company,
(d) 7 --    dated february 28, 1982, and amendment, dated may 12, 1982 (a-2-c to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 1982 in 1-27031) and amendment, dated december 6, 1983 (10-43 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1983 in 1-27031).
first amended power sales agreement, dated december 1, 1985 between sabine river authority, state
(d) 8 --    of louisiana, and sabine river authority, state of texas, and entergy gulf states, inc., central louisiana electric co., inc., and louisiana power and light company (10-72 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1985 in 1-27031).
deferred compensation plan for directors of entergy gulf states, inc. and varibus corporation, as
+(d) 9 --   amended january 8, 1987, and effective january 1, 1987 (10-77 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1986 in 1-27031). amendment dated december 4, 1991 (10-3 to amendment no. 8 in registration no. 2-76551).
trust agreement for deferred payments to be made by entergy gulf states, inc. pursuant to the
+(d) 10 --  executive income security plan, by and between entergy gulf states, inc. and bankers trust company, effective november 1, 1986 (10-78 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1986 in 1-27031).
e-23
table of contents trust agreement for deferred installments under entergy gulf states, inc. management incentive
+(d) 11 --  compensation plan and administrative guidelines by and between entergy gulf states, inc. and bankers trust company, effective june 1, 1986 (10-79 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
1986 in 1-27031).
nonqualified deferred compensation plan for officers, nonemployee directors and designated key
+(d) 12 --  employees, effective december 1, 1985, as amended, continued and completely restated effective as of march 1, 1991 (10-3 to amendment no. 8 in registration no. 2-76551).
trust agreement for entergy gulf states, inc. nonqualified directors and designated key employees
+(d) 13 --  by and between entergy gulf states, inc. and first city bank, texas-beaumont, n.a. (now texas commerce bank), effective july 1, 1991 (10-4 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1992 in
1-27031).
nuclear fuel lease agreement between entergy gulf states, inc. and river bend fuel services, inc.
(d) 14 --   to lease the fuel for river bend unit 1, dated february 7, 1989 (10-64 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1988 in 1-27031).
trust and investment management agreement between entergy gulf states, inc. and morgan guaranty and
(d) 15 --   trust company of new york (the "decommissioning trust agreement") with respect to decommissioning funds authorized to be collected by entergy gulf states, inc., dated march 15, 1989 (10-66 to form
10-k for the year ended december 31, 1988 in 1-27031).
amendment no. 2 dated november 1, 1995 between entergy gulf states, inc. and mellon bank to
(d) 16 --   decommissioning trust agreement (10(d)31 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1995 in
1-27031).
amendment no. 3 dated march 5, 1998 between entergy gulf states, inc. and mellon bank to
(d) 17 --   decommissioning trust agreement (10(d)23 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 in
1-27031).
amendment no. 4 dated december 17, 2003 between entergy gulf states, inc. and mellon bank to
(d) 18 --   decommissioning trust agreement (10(d)24 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 in
1-27031).
amendment no. 5 dated december 31, 2007 between entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c. and mellon
(d) 19 --   bank. n.a. to decommissioning trust agreement (10(d)21 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2007 in 333-148557).
partnership agreement by and among conoco inc., and entergy gulf states, inc., citgo petroleum
(d) 20 --   corporation and vista chemical company, dated april 28, 1988 (10-67 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1988 in 1-27031).
+(d) 21 --  gulf states utilities company executive continuity plan, dated january 18, 1991 (10-6 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1990 in 1-27031).
trust agreement for entergy gulf states, inc. executive continuity plan, by and between entergy
+(d) 22 --  gulf states, inc. and first city bank, texas-beaumont, n.a. (now texas commerce bank), effective may 20, 1991 (10-5 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1992 in 1-27031).
+(d) 23 --  gulf states utilities board of directors' retirement plan, dated february 15, 1991 (10-8 to form
10-k for the year ended december 31, 1990 in 1-27031).
third amendment, dated january 1, 1994, to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies
(d) 24 --   intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31,
1993).
(d) 25 --   fourth amendment, dated april 1, 1997, to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-5 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1996).
e-24
table of contents fifth amendment dated november 20, 2009 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(d) 26 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in
0-20371).
sixth amendment dated october 11, 2010 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(d) 27 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 in
0-20371).
(d) 28 --  operating agreement dated as of january 1, 2008, between entergy operations, inc. and entergy gulf states louisiana (10(d)39 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 333-148557).
(d) 29 --  service agreement dated as of january 1, 2008, between entergy services, inc. and entergy gulf states louisiana (10(d)40 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 333-148557).
amendment, dated december 19, 2013, to service agreement with entergy services (includes amended and
(d) 30 --  restated service agreement for administrative and general support services and service agreement for generation planning and operational support services) (10(d)30 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 0-20371).
(d) 31 --  second amended and restated entergy system agency agreement, dated as of january 1, 2008 (10(a)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 333-148557).
decommissioning trust agreement, dated as of december 22, 1997, by and between cajun electric power
(d) 32 --  cooperative, inc. and mellon bank, n.a. with respect to decommissioning funds authorized to be collected by cajun electric power cooperative, inc. and related settlement term sheet (10(d)42 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 333-148557).
first amendment to decommissioning trust agreement, dated as of december 23, 2003, by and among
(d) 33 --  cajun electric power cooperative, inc., mellon bank, n.a., entergy gulf states, inc., and the rural utilities services of the united states department of agriculture (10(d)43 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 333-148557).
second amendment to decommissioning trust agreement, dated december 31, 2007, by and among cajun
(d) 34 --  electric power cooperative, inc., mellon bank, n.a., entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c., and the rural utilities services of the united states department of agriculture (10(d)44 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 333-148557).
(d) 35 --  second amended and restated limited liability company agreement of entergy holdings company llc dated as of july 22, 2010 (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2010).
loan agreement, dated as of october 1, 2010, between the louisiana public facilities authority and
(d) 36 --  entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c. relating to revenue bonds (entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c. project) series 2010a (4(b) to form 8-k filed october 12, 2010 in 0-20371).
loan agreement, dated as of october 1, 2010, between the louisiana public facilities authority and
(d) 37 --  entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c. relating to revenue bonds (entergy gulf states louisiana, l.l.c. project) series 2010b (4(e) to form 8-k filed october 12, 2010 in 0-20371).
asset purchase agreement, dated as of december 8, 2014, by and among union power partners, l.p.,
(d) 38 --  entegra tc llc, entergy arkansas, entergy gulf states louisiana, and entergy texas (10.1 to form 8-k filed december 12, 2014 in 0-20371).
entergy louisiana agreement, dated april 23, 1982, among entergy louisiana and certain other system companies, relating
(e) 1 --  to system planning and development and intra-system transactions (10(a)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982, in 1-3517).
e-25

(e) 2 --   second amended and restated entergy system agency agreement, dated as of january 1, 2008 (10(a)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 1-32718).
(e) 3 --   middle south utilities system agency coordination agreement, dated december 11, 1970 (5(a)3 in
2-41080).
(e) 4 --   service agreement with entergy services, dated as of april 1, 1963 (5(a)5 in 2-42523).
amendment, dated december 19, 2013, to service agreement with entergy services (includes amended and
(e) 5 --   restated service agreement for administrative and general support services and service agreement for generation planning and operational support services) (10(e)5 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-32718).
(e) 6 through
(e) 13 -- see 10(a)8 through 10(a)15 above.
(e) 14 --  fuel lease, dated as of january 31, 1989, between river fuel company #2, inc., and entergy louisiana
(b-1(b) to rule 24 certificate in 70-7580).
(e) 15 --  reallocation agreement, dated as of july 28, 1981, among system energy and certain other system companies (b-1(a) in 70-6624).
(e) 16 --  compromise and settlement agreement, dated june 4, 1982, between texaco, inc. and entergy louisiana
(28(a) to form 8-k dated june 4, 1982 in 1-8474).
unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 10, 1982, between system energy and entergy arkansas,
(e) 17 --  entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi and entergy new orleans (10(a)39 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982 in 1-3517).
first amendment to the unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984, between system energy
(e) 18 --  and entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi and entergy new orleans (19 to form
10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1984 in 1-3517).
(e) 19 --  revised unit power sales agreement (10(ss) in 33-4033).
contract for disposal of spent nuclear fuel and/or high-level radioactive waste, dated february 2,
(e) 20 --  1984, among doe, system fuels and entergy louisiana (10(d)33 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in 1-8474).
(e) 21--   operating agreement between entergy operations and entergy louisiana, dated as of june 6, 1990
(b-2(c) to rule 24 certificate dated june 15, 1990 in 70-7679).
(e) 22 --  guarantee agreement between entergy corporation and entergy louisiana, dated as of september 20,
1990 (b-2(a) to rule 24 certificate dated september 27, 1990 in 70-7757).
(e) 23 --  second amended and restated limited liability company agreement of entergy holdings company llc dated as of july 22, 2010 (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2010).
(e) 24 --  third amended and restated limited liability company agreement of entergy holdings company llc dated as of august 6, 2014 (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2014).
fifth amendment dated november 20, 2009 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(e) 25 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in
1-32718).
sixth amendment dated october 11, 2010 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(e) 26 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 in
1-32718).
e-26
table of contents loan agreement, dated as of october 1, 2010, between the louisiana public facilities authority and
(e) 27 --  entergy louisiana, llc relating to revenue bonds (entergy louisiana, llc project) series 2010 (4(b)
to form 8-k filed october 12, 2010 in 1-32718).
entergy mississippi agreement dated april 23, 1982, among entergy mississippi and certain other system companies,
(f) 1 --    relating to system planning and development and intra-system transactions (10(a)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982 in 1-3517).
(f) 2 --    second amended and restated entergy system agency agreement, dated as of january 1, 2008 (10(a)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 1-31508).
(f) 3 --    middle south utilities system agency coordination agreement, dated december 11, 1970 (5(a)3 in
2-41080).
(f) 4 --    service agreement with entergy services, dated as of april 1, 1963 (d in 37-63).
amendment, dated december 19, 2013, to service agreement with entergy services (includes amended
(f) 5 --    and restated service agreement for administrative and general support services and service agreement for generation planning and operational support services) (10(f)5 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-31508).
(f) 6 through
(f) 13 -- see 10(a)8 through 10(a)15 above.
(f) 14 --   refunding agreement, dated as of may 1, 1999, between entergy mississippi and independence county, arkansas (b-6(a) to rule 24 certificate dated june 8, 1999 in 70-8719).
(f) 15 --   substitute power agreement, dated as of may 1, 1980, among entergy mississippi, system energy and smepa (b-3(a) in 70-6337).
(f) 16 --   amendment, dated december 4, 1984, to the independence steam electric station operating agreement
(10(c)51 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in 0-375).
(f) 17 --   amendment, dated december 4, 1984, to the independence steam electric station ownership agreement
(10(c)54 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in 0-375).
owners agreement, dated november 28, 1984, among entergy arkansas, entergy mississippi and other
(f) 18 --   co-owners of the independence station (10(c)55 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in
0-375).
consent, agreement and assumption, dated december 4, 1984, among entergy arkansas, entergy
(f) 19 --   mississippi, other co-owners of the independence station and united states trust company of new york, as trustee (10(c)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1984 in 0-375).
(f) 20 --   reallocation agreement, dated as of july 28, 1981, among system energy and certain other system companies (b-1(a) in 70-6624).
+(f) 21 --  post-retirement plan (10(d)24 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1983 in 0-320).
unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 10, 1982, between system energy and entergy arkansas,
(f) 22 --   entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans (10(a)39 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982 in 1-3517).
first amendment to the unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984, between system energy
(f) 23 --   and entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans (19 to form
10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1984 in 1-3517).
e-27

(f) 24 --  revised unit power sales agreement (10(ss) in 33-4033).
(f) 25 --  sales agreement, dated as of june 21, 1974, between system energy and entergy mississippi (d to rule
24 certificate dated june 26, 1974 in 70-5399).
(f) 26 --  service agreement, dated as of june 21, 1974, between system energy and entergy mississippi (e to rule 24 certificate dated june 26, 1974 in 70-5399).
(f) 27 --  partial termination agreement, dated as of december 1, 1986, between system energy and entergy mississippi (a-2 to rule 24 certificate dated january 8, 1987 in 70-5399).
(f) 28 --  middle south utilities, inc. and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement, dated april 28, 1988 (d-1 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1987).
(f) 29 --  first amendment dated january 1, 1990 to the middle south utilities inc. and subsidiary companies intercompany tax allocation agreement (d-2 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1989).
(f) 30 --  second amendment dated january 1, 1992, to the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1992).
(f) 31 --  third amendment dated january 1, 1994 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1993).
(f) 32 --  fourth amendment dated april 1, 1997 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-5 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1996).
fifth amendment dated november 20, 2009 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(f) 33 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in
1-31508).
sixth amendment dated october 11, 2010 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(f) 34 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 in
1-31508).
purchase and sale agreement by and between central mississippi generating company, llc and entergy
(f) 35 --  mississippi, inc., dated as of march 16, 2005 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31,
2005 in 1-31508).
entergy new orleans agreement, dated april 23, 1982, among entergy new orleans and certain other system companies,
(g) 1 --  relating to system planning and development and intra-system transactions (10(a)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982 in 1-3517).
(g) 2 --  second amended and restated entergy system agency agreement, dated as of january 1, 2008 (10(a)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 0-5807).
(g) 3 --  middle south utilities system agency coordination agreement, dated december 11, 1970 (5(a)3 in
2-41080).
(g) 4 --  service agreement with entergy services dated as of april 1, 1963 (5(a)5 in 2-42523).
amendment, dated december 19, 2013, to service agreement with entergy services (includes amended and
(g) 5 --  restated service agreement for administrative and general support services and service agreement for generation planning and operational support services) (10(g)5 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 0-5807).
e-28

(g) 6 through
(g) 13 -- see 10(a)8 through 10(a)15 above.
(g) 14 --  reallocation agreement, dated as of july 28, 1981, among system energy and certain other system companies (b-1(a) in 70-6624).
unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 10, 1982, between system energy and entergy arkansas,
(g) 15 --  entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi and entergy new orleans (10(a)39 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1982 in 1-3517).
first amendment to the unit power sales agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984, between system energy
(g) 16 --  and entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi and entergy new orleans (19 to form
10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1984 in 1-3517).
(g) 17 --  revised unit power sales agreement (10(ss) in 33-4033).
(g) 18 --  transfer agreement, dated as of june 28, 1983, among the city of new orleans, entergy new orleans and regional transit authority (2(a) to form 8-k dated june 24, 1983 in 1-1319).
(g) 19 --  middle south utilities, inc. and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement, dated april 28, 1988 (d-1 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1987).
(g) 20 --  first amendment, dated january 1, 1990, to the middle south utilities, inc. and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-2 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1989).
(g) 21 --  second amendment dated january 1, 1992, to the entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1992).
(g) 22 --  third amendment dated january 1, 1994 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1993).
(g) 23 --  fourth amendment dated april 1, 1997 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-5 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1996).
fifth amendment dated november 20, 2009 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(g) 24 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in
0-5807).
sixth amendment dated october 11, 2010 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(g) 25 --  income tax allocation agreement (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 in
0-5807).
chapter 11 plan of reorganization of entergy new orleans, inc., as modified, dated may 2, 2007,
(g) 26 --  confirmed by bankruptcy court order dated may 7, 2007 (2(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march
31, 2007 in 0-5807).
entergy texas agreement effective february 1, 1964, between sabine river authority, state of louisiana, and sabine river authority of texas, and entergy gulf states, inc., central louisiana electric company, inc.,
(h) 1 --  and louisiana power & light company, as supplemented (b to form 8-k dated may 6, 1964, a to form 8-k dated october 5, 1967, a to form 8-k dated may 5, 1969, and a to form 8-k dated december 1, 1969 in
1-27031).
ground lease, dated august 15, 1980, between statmont associates limited partnership (statmont) and
(h) 2 --  entergy gulf states, inc., as amended (3 to form 8-k dated august 19, 1980 and a-3-b to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1983 in 1-27031).
e-29
table of contents lease and sublease agreement, dated august 15, 1980, between statmont and entergy gulf states,
(h) 3 --    inc., as amended (4 to form 8-k dated august 19, 1980 and a-3-c to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1983 in 1-27031).
(h) 4 --    lease agreement, dated september 18, 1980, between blc corporation and entergy gulf states, inc. (1
to form 8-k dated october 6, 1980 in 1-27031).
joint ownership participation and operating agreement for big cajun, between entergy gulf states, inc., cajun electric power cooperative, inc., and sam rayburn g&t, inc, dated november 14, 1980 (6
(h) 5 --    to form 8-k dated january 29, 1981 in 1-27031); amendment no. 1, dated december 12, 1980 (7 to form
8-k dated january 29, 1981 in 1-27031); amendment no. 2, dated december 29, 1980 (8 to form 8-k dated january 29, 1981 in 1-27031).
agreement of joint ownership participation between srmpa, srg&t and entergy gulf states, inc.,
(h) 6 --    dated june 6, 1980, for nelson station, coal unit #6, as amended (8 to form 8-k dated june 11,
1980, a-2-b to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1982; and 10-1 to form 8-k dated february
19, 1988 in 1-27031).
first amended power sales agreement, dated december 1, 1985 between sabine river authority, state
(h) 7 --    of louisiana, and sabine river authority, state of texas, and entergy gulf states, inc., central louisiana electric co., inc., and louisiana power and light company (10-72 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1985 in 1-27031).
deferred compensation plan for directors of entergy gulf states, inc. and varibus corporation, as
+(h) 8 --   amended january 8, 1987, and effective january 1, 1987 (10-77 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1986 in 1-27031). amendment dated december 4, 1991 (10-3 to amendment no. 8 in registration no. 2-76551).
trust agreement for deferred payments to be made by entergy gulf states, inc. pursuant to the
+(h) 9 --   executive income security plan, by and between entergy gulf states, inc. and bankers trust company, effective november 1, 1986 (10-78 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1986 in 1-27031).
trust agreement for deferred installments under entergy gulf states, inc. management incentive
+(h) 10 --  compensation plan and administrative guidelines by and between entergy gulf states, inc. and bankers trust company, effective june 1, 1986 (10-79 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
1986 in 1-27031).
nonqualified deferred compensation plan for officers, nonemployee directors and designated key
+(h) 11 --  employees, effective december 1, 1985, as amended, continued and completely restated effective as of march 1, 1991 (10-3 to amendment no. 8 in registration no. 2-76551).
trust agreement for entergy gulf states, inc. nonqualified directors and designated key employees
+(h) 12 --  by and between entergy gulf states, inc. and first city bank, texas-beaumont, n.a. (now texas commerce bank), effective july 1, 1991 (10-4 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1992 in
1-27031).
lease agreement, dated as of june 29, 1987, among gsg&t, inc., and entergy gulf states, inc.
(h) 13 --   related to the leaseback of the lewis creek generating station (10-83 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1988 in 1-27031).
+(h) 14 --  gulf states utilities company executive continuity plan, dated january 18, 1991 (10-6 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1990 in 1-27031).
trust agreement for entergy gulf states, inc. executive continuity plan, by and between entergy
+(h) 15 --  gulf states, inc. and first city bank, texas-beaumont, n.a. (now texas commerce bank), effective may 20, 1991 (10-5 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 1992 in 1-27031).
e-30
table of contents gulf states utilities board of directors' retirement plan, dated february 15, 1991 (10-8 to form
10-k for the year ended december 31, 1990 in 1-27031).
third amendment, dated january 1, 1994, to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies
+(h) 16 --  intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-3(a) to form u5s for the year ended december 31,
(h) 17 --   1993).

(h) 18 --   fourth amendment, dated april 1, 1997, to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany income tax allocation agreement (d-5 to form u5s for the year ended december 31, 1996).
fifth amendment dated november 20, 2009 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies
(h) 19 --   intercompany income tax allocation agreement (10(a)56 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2009 in 1-34360).
sixth amendment dated october 11, 2010 to entergy corporation and subsidiary companies intercompany
(h) 20 --   income tax allocation agreement (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 in
1-34360).
(h) 21 --   service agreement dated as of january 1, 2008, between entergy services, inc. and entergy texas
(10(h)25 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 in 3-53134).
amendment, dated december 19, 2013, to service agreement with entergy services (includes amended
(h) 22 --   and restated service agreement for administrative and general support services and service agreement for generation planning and operational support services) (10(h)22 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-34360).
(12) statement re computation of ratios
*(a)  entergy arkansas's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges and of earnings to fixed charges and preferred dividends, as defined.
*(b)  entergy gulf states louisiana's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges and of earnings to fixed charges and preferred distributions, as defined.
*(c)  entergy louisiana's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges and of earnings to fixed charges and preferred distributions, as defined.
*(d)  entergy mississippi's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges and of earnings to fixed charges and preferred dividends, as defined.
*(e)  entergy new orleans's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges and of earnings to fixed charges and preferred dividends, as defined.
*(f)  entergy texas's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges, as defined.
*(g)  system energy's computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges, as defined.
*(21) subsidiaries of the registrants
(23) consents of experts and counsel
*(a)  the consent of deloitte & touche llp is contained herein at page 528.
*(24) powers of attorney e-31

(31) rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certifications
*(a)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy corporation.
*(b)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy corporation.
*(c)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy arkansas.
*(d)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy arkansas.
*(e)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy gulf states louisiana.
*(f)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy gulf states louisiana.
*(g)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy louisiana.
*(h)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy louisiana.
*(i)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy mississippi.
*(j)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy mississippi.
*(k)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy new orleans.
*(l)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy new orleans.
*(m)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy texas.
*(n)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy texas.
*(o)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for system energy.
*(p)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for system energy.
e-32

(32) section 1350 certifications
*(a)  section 1350 certification for entergy corporation.
*(b)  section 1350 certification for entergy corporation.
*(c)  section 1350 certification for entergy arkansas.
*(d)  section 1350 certification for entergy arkansas.
*(e)  section 1350 certification for entergy gulf states louisiana.
*(f)  section 1350 certification for entergy gulf states louisiana.
*(g)  section 1350 certification for entergy louisiana.
*(h)  section 1350 certification for entergy louisiana.
*(i)  section 1350 certification for entergy mississippi.
*(j)  section 1350 certification for entergy mississippi.
*(k)  section 1350 certification for entergy new orleans.
*(l)  section 1350 certification for entergy new orleans.
*(m)  section 1350 certification for entergy texas.
*(n)  section 1350 certification for entergy texas.
*(o)  section 1350 certification for system energy.
*(p)  section 1350 certification for system energy.
(101) xbrl documents entergy corporation
*ins -  xbrl instance document.
*sch -  xbrl taxonomy extension schema document.
*cal -  xbrl taxonomy extension calculation linkbase document.
*def -  xbrl taxonomy extension definition linkbase document.
*lab -  xbrl taxonomy extension label linkbase document.
*pre -  xbrl taxonomy extension presentation linkbase document.
_________________
*  filed herewith.
+  management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.
e-33
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, inc. and subsidiaries, entergy gulf states, louisiana, l.l.c., entergy louisiana, llc, entergy mississippi, inc., entergy new orleans, inc., entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."
