item 1a.   risk factors

an investment in our securities involves various risks. all investors should carefully consider the following risk factors in conjunction with the other information contained in this annual report before trading in our securities. if any of the events set forth in the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition could be harmed.
our performance is subject to risks associated with real estate investments. we are a real estate company that derives our income from operation of our stores. there are a number of factors that may adversely affect the income that our stores generate, including the following:
risks related to our stores and operations adverse economic or other conditions in the markets in which we do business could negatively affect our occupancy levels and rental rates and therefore our operating results.
our operating results are dependent upon our ability to maximize occupancy levels and rental rates in our stores. adverse economic or other conditions in the markets in which we operate may lower our occupancy levels and limit our ability to increase rents or require us to offer rental discounts. if our stores fail to generate revenues sufficient to meet our cash requirements, including operating and other expenses, debt service and capital expenditures, our net income, funds from operations (“ffo”), cash flow, financial condition, ability to make cash distributions to stockholders and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected. the following factors, among others, may adversely affect the operating performance of our stores:
•   the national economic climate and the local or regional economic climate in the markets in which we operate, which may be adversely impacted by, among other factors, industry slowdowns, relocation of businesses and changing demographics;

•   periods of economic slowdown or recession, rising interest rates, or declining demand for self-storage or the public perception that any of these events may occur could result in a general decline in rental rates or an increase in tenant defaults;

•   a decline of the current economic environment;

•   local or regional real estate market conditions, such as competing stores, the oversupply of self-storage or a reduction in demand for self-storage in a particular area;

•   perceptions by prospective users of our stores of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of our stores and the neighborhoods in which they are located;

•   increased operating costs, including the need for capital improvements, insurance premiums, real estate taxes and utilities;

•   the impact of environmental protection laws;

•   changes in tax, real estate and zoning laws; and

•   earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters, terrorist acts, civil disturbances or acts of war which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses.

8
if we are unable to promptly re-let our units or if the rates upon such re-letting are significantly lower than expected, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected.
virtually all of our leases are on a month-to-month basis. any delay in re-letting units as vacancies arise would reduce our revenues and harm our operating results. in addition, lower than expected rental rates upon re-letting could adversely affect our revenues and impede our growth.
we depend upon our on-site personnel to maximize tenant satisfaction at each of our stores, and any difficulties we encounter in hiring, training and maintaining skilled field personnel may harm our operating performance.
we had 2,228 field personnel as of february 18, 2015 in the management and operation of our stores. the general professionalism of our site managers and staff are contributing factors to a site’s ability to successfully secure rentals and retain tenants. we also rely upon our field personnel to maintain clean and secure stores. if we are unable to successfully recruit, train and retain qualified field personnel, the quality of service we strive to provide at our stores could be adversely affected which could lead to decreased occupancy levels and reduced operating performance.
uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition and our cash flow.
we maintain comprehensive liability, fire, flood, earthquake, wind (as deemed necessary or as required by our lenders), extended coverage and rental loss insurance with respect to our stores. certain types of losses, however, may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, such as losses due to earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, riots, acts of war or terrorism. should an uninsured loss occur, we could lose both our investment in and anticipated profits and cash flow from a store. in addition, if any such loss is insured, we may be required to pay significant amounts on any claim for recovery of such a loss prior to our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. as a result, our operating results may be adversely affected.
increases in taxes and regulatory compliance costs may reduce our income.
costs resulting from changes in real estate tax laws generally are not passed through to tenants directly and will affect us. increases in income, property or other taxes generally are not passed through to tenants under leases and may reduce our net income, ffo, cash flow, financial condition, ability to pay or refinance our debt obligations, ability to make cash distributions to stockholders, and the trading price of our securities. similarly, changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on stores or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, which could similarly adversely affect our business and results of operations.
environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with operating our stores may affect our results of operations.
under various u.s. federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, owners and operators of real estate may be liable for the costs of investigating and remediating certain hazardous substances or other regulated materials on or in such property. such laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such substances or materials. the presence of such substances or materials, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner’s or operator’s ability to lease, sell or rent such property or to borrow using such property as collateral. persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances or other regulated materials may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility, whether or not such facility is owned or operated by such person. certain environmental laws impose liability for release of asbestos-containing materials into the air and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real stores for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials.
9
certain environmental laws also impose liability, without regard to knowledge or fault, for removal or remediation of hazardous substances or other regulated materials upon owners and operators of contaminated property even after they no longer own or operate the property. moreover, the past or present owner or operator from which a release emanates could be liable for any personal injuries or property damages that may result from such releases, as well as any damages to natural resources that may arise from such releases.
certain environmental laws impose compliance obligations on owners and operators of real property with respect to the management of hazardous materials and other regulated substances. for example, environmental laws govern the management of asbestos-containing materials and lead-based paint. failure to comply with these laws can result in penalties or other sanctions.
no assurances can be given that existing environmental studies with respect to any of our stores reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner or operator of our stores did not create any material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any one or more of our stores. there also exists the risk that material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may have arisen after the review was completed or may arise in the future. finally, future laws, ordinances or regulations and future interpretations of existing laws, ordinances or regulations may impose additional material environmental liability.
costs associated with complying with the americans with disabilities act of 1990 may result in unanticipated expenses.
under the ada, places of public accommodation are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. these requirements became effective in 1992. a number of additional u.s. federal, state and local laws may also require modifications to our stores, or restrict certain further renovations of the stores, with respect to access thereto by disabled persons. noncompliance with the ada could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants and also could result in an order to correct any non-complying feature, which could result in substantial capital expenditures. we have not conducted an audit or investigation of all of our stores to determine our compliance and we cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with the ada or other legislation. if one or more of our stores is not in compliance with the ada or other legislation, then we would be required to incur additional costs to bring the facility into compliance. if we incur substantial costs to comply with the ada or other legislation, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share trading price of our securities and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to make cash distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected.
our tenant reinsurance business is subject to significant governmental regulation, which may adversely affect our results.
our tenant reinsurance business is subject to significant governmental regulation. the regulatory authorities generally have broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals, to promulgate, interpret and implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits and investigations of the affairs of insurance providers. as a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our reinsurance activities, or otherwise fined or penalized or suffer an adverse judgment, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we face competition for the acquisition of stores and other assets, which may impede our ability to make future acquisitions or may increase the cost of these acquisitions.
we compete with many other entities engaged in real estate investment activities for acquisitions of stores and other assets, including national, regional and local operators and developers of stores. these competitors may drive up the price we pay for stores or other assets we seek to acquire or may succeed in acquiring those stores or
10
assets themselves. in addition, our potential acquisition targets may find our competitors to be more attractive suitors because they may have greater resources, may be willing to pay more or may have a more compatible operating philosophy. in addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investment in stores may increase. this competition would result in increased demand for these assets and therefore increased prices paid for them. because of an increased interest in single-store acquisitions among tax-motivated individual purchasers, we may pay higher prices if we purchase single stores in comparison with portfolio acquisitions. if we pay higher prices for stores or other assets, our profitability will be reduced.
we may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions that meet our criteria, which may impede our growth.
our ability to expand through acquisitions is integral to our business strategy and requires us to identify suitable acquisition candidates or investment opportunities that meet our criteria and are compatible with our growth strategy. we may not be successful in identifying suitable stores or other assets that meet our acquisition criteria or in consummating acquisitions or investments on satisfactory terms or at all. failure to identify or consummate acquisitions will slow our growth, which could in turn adversely affect our stock price.
our ability to acquire stores on favorable terms and successfully integrate and operate them may be constrained by the following significant risks:
•   competition from local investors and other real estate investors with significant capital, including other publicly-traded reits and institutional investment funds;

•   competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price which could reduce our profitability;

•   the inability to achieve satisfactory completion of due diligence investigations and other customary closing conditions;

•   failure to finance an acquisition on favorable terms or at all;

•   we may spend more than the time and amounts budgeted to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired stores; and

•                                   we may acquire stores subject to liabilities without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities such as liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by persons dealing with the former owners of the stores and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the stores.

in addition, strategic decisions by us, such as acquisitions, may adversely affect the price of our securities.
we may not be successful in integrating and operating acquired self-storage stores.
we expect to make future acquisitions of self-storage stores. if we acquire any stores, we will be required to integrate them into our existing portfolio. the acquired stores may turn out to be less compatible with our growth strategy than originally anticipated, may cause disruptions in our operations or may divert management’s attention away from day-to-day operations, which could impair our operating results as a whole.
we do not always obtain independent appraisals of our stores, and thus the consideration paid for these stores may exceed the value that may be indicated by third-party appraisals.
we do not always obtain third-party appraisals in connection with our acquisition of stores and the consideration being paid by us in exchange for those stores may exceed the value determined by third-party appraisals. in such cases, the value of the stores was determined by our senior management team.
11
our investments in development and redevelopment projects may not yield anticipated returns, which would harm our operating results and reduce the amount of funds available for distributions.
to the extent that we engage in development and redevelopment activities, we will be subject to the following risks normally associated with these projects:
•   we may be unable to obtain financing for these projects on favorable terms or at all;

•   we may not complete development or redevelopment projects on schedule or within budgeted amounts;

•   we may encounter delays or refusals in obtaining all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations; and

•   occupancy rates and rents at newly developed or redeveloped stores may fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, and may result in our investment not being profitable.

in deciding whether to develop or redevelop a particular property, we make certain assumptions regarding the expected future performance of the store. we may underestimate the costs necessary to bring the property up to the standards established for its intended market position or may be unable to increase occupancy at a newly developed store as quickly as expected or at all. any substantial unanticipated delays or expenses could adversely affect the investment returns from these development or redevelopment projects and harm our operating results, liquidity and financial condition, which could result in a decline in the value of our securities.
we may rely on the investments of our joint venture partners for funding certain of our development and redevelopment projects. if our reputation in the self-storage industry changes or the number of investors considering us an attractive strategic partner is otherwise reduced, our ability to develop or redevelop stores could be affected, which would limit our growth.
we rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business.
we rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, personally identifiable information, and tenant and lease data. we purchase some of our information technology from vendors, on whom our systems depend. we rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential tenant and other sensitive information. although we have taken commercially reasonable efforts to protect the security of our information systems and the data maintained in those systems, it is possible that our safety and security measures will not be able to prevent the systems’ improper functioning or damage, or the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information such as in the event of cyber-attacks. security breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches, can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. while, to date, we have not experienced a security breach, this risk has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of such breaches and attempted breaches from around the world have increased. any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, divert significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
risks related to our organization and structure our business could be harmed if key personnel with long-standing business relationships in the self-storage industry terminate their employment with us.
our success depends on the continued services of members of our executive management team, who have substantial experience in the self-storage industry. in addition, our ability to acquire or develop stores in the
12
future depends on the significant relationships our executive management team has developed with our institutional joint venture partners, such as affiliates of prudential financial, inc. there is no guarantee that any of them will remain employed by us. we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our officers. the loss of services of one or more members of our executive management team could harm our business and our prospects.
we may change our investment and financing strategies and enter into new lines of business without stockholder consent, which may subject us to different risks.
we may change our investment and financing strategies and enter into new lines of business at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in our making investments and engaging in business activities that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the investments and businesses described in this document. a change in our investment strategy or our entry into new lines of business may increase our exposure to other risks or real estate market fluctuations.
if other self-storage companies convert to an upreit structure or if tax laws change, we may no longer have an advantage in competing for potential acquisitions.
because we are structured as an upreit, we are a more attractive acquirer of stores to tax-motivated sellers than our competitors that are not structured as upreits. however, if other self-storage companies restructure their holdings to become upreits, this competitive advantage will disappear. in addition, new legislation may be enacted or new interpretations of existing legislation may be issued by the internal revenue service (“irs”), or the u.s. treasury department that could affect the attractiveness of our upreit structure so that it may no longer assist us in competing for acquisitions.
tax indemnification obligations may require the operating partnership to maintain certain debt levels.
we have provided certain tax protections to various third parties in connection with their property contributions to the operating partnership upon acquisition by the company, including making available the opportunity to (1) guarantee debt or (2) enter into a special loss allocation and deficit restoration obligation. we have agreed to these provisions in order to assist these contributors in preserving their tax position after their contributions. these obligations may require us to maintain certain indebtedness levels that we would not otherwise require for our business.
our joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority.
as of december 31, 2014, we held interests in 271 operating self-storage stores through joint ventures. some of these arrangements could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on co-venturers financial conditions and disputes between us and our co-venturers. we expect to continue our joint venture strategy by entering into more joint ventures for the purpose of developing new stores and acquiring existing stores. in such event, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. the decision-making authority regarding the stores we currently hold through joint ventures is either vested exclusively with our joint venture partners, is subject to a majority vote of the joint venture partners or equally shared by us and the joint venture partners. in addition, investments in partnerships, joint ventures or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. partners or co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our
13
officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business. consequently, actions by or disputes with partners or co-venturers might result in subjecting stores owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. in addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers, which could harm our financial condition.
conflicts of interest could arise as a result of our relationship with our operating partnership.
conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, and our operating partnership or any partner thereof. our directors and officers have duties to our company under applicable maryland law in connection with their management of our company. at the same time, we, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, have fiduciary duties, as a general partner, to our operating partnership and to the limited partners under delaware law in connection with the management of our operating partnership. our duties, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, as a general partner to our operating partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our company. the partnership agreement of our operating partnership does not require us to resolve such conflicts in favor of either our company or the limited partners in our operating partnership. unless otherwise provided for in the relevant partnership agreement, delaware law generally requires a general partner of a delaware limited partnership to adhere to fiduciary duty standards under which it owes its limited partners the highest duties of good faith, fairness, and loyalty and which generally prohibit such general partner from taking any action or engaging in any transaction as to which it has a conflict of interest.
additionally, the partnership agreement expressly limits our liability by providing that neither we, our direct wholly-owned massachusetts business trust subsidiary, as the general partner of the operating partnership, nor any of our or their trustees, directors or officers, will be liable or accountable in damages to our operating partnership, the limited partners or assignees for errors in judgment, mistakes of fact or law or for any act or omission if we, or such trustee, director or officer, acted in good faith. in addition, our operating partnership is required to indemnify us, our affiliates and each of our respective trustees, officers, directors, employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities (whether joint or several), expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and other legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to the operations of the operating partnership, provided that our operating partnership will not indemnify for (1) willful misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (2) any transaction for which such person received an improper personal benefit in violation or breach of any provision of the partnership agreement, or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the person had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful.
the provisions of delaware law that allow the common law fiduciary duties of a general partner to be modified by a partnership agreement have not been resolved in a court of law, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to waive or restrict our fiduciary duties that would be in effect under common law were it not for the partnership agreement.
certain provisions of maryland law and our organizational documents, including the stock ownership limit imposed by our charter, may inhibit market activity in our stock and could prevent or delay a change in control transaction.
our charter, subject to certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a reit and to limit any person to actual or constructive ownership of no more than 7.0% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding common stock or 7.0% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding capital stock. our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt a proposed transferee from the ownership limit. however, our board of directors may not grant an exemption from the ownership limit to any proposed transferee whose ownership could jeopardize our qualification as a reit. these restrictions on ownership will not apply if
14
our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a reit. the ownership limit may delay or impede a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our securities or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. different ownership limits apply to the family of kenneth m. woolley, certain of his affiliates, family members and estates and trusts formed for the benefit of the foregoing; to spencer f. kirk, certain of his affiliates, family members and estates and trusts formed for the benefit of the foregoing; and to certain designated investment entities as defined in our charter.
our board of directors has the power to issue additional shares of our stock in a manner that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders.
our charter authorizes our board of directors to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares or the number of shares of any class or series without stockholder approval. in addition, our board of directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. our board of directors could issue additional shares of our common stock or establish a series of preferred stock that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price for our securities or otherwise not be in the best interests of our stockholders.
our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited.
maryland law provides that a director or officer has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. in addition, our charter eliminates our directors’ and officers’ liability to us and our stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit in money, property or services or active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment and which is material to the cause of action. our bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and officers for liability resulting from actions taken by them in those capacities to the maximum extent permitted by maryland law. as a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist under common law. in addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our directors and officers.
to the extent our distributions represent a return of capital for u.s. federal income tax purposes, our stockholders could recognize an increased capital gain upon a subsequent sale of common stock.
distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and not treated by us as a dividend will not be taxable to a u.s. stockholder under current u.s. federal income tax law to the extent those distributions do not exceed the stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in his, her, or its common stock, but instead will constitute a return of capital and will reduce such adjusted basis. if distributions result in a reduction of a stockholder’s adjusted basis in such holder’s common stock, subsequent sales of such holder’s common stock will result in recognition of an increased capital gain or decreased capital loss due to the reduction in such adjusted basis.
risks related to the real estate industry our primary business involves the ownership and operation of self-storage stores.
our current strategy is to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop only self-storage stores. consequently, we are subject to risks inherent in investments in a single industry. because investments in real estate are inherently illiquid, this strategy makes it difficult for us to diversify our investment portfolio and to limit our risk when economic conditions change. decreases in market rents, negative tax, real estate and zoning
15
law changes and changes in environmental protection laws may also increase our costs, lower the value of our investments and decrease our income, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our stores.
because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to promptly sell one or more stores in our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions is limited. the real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. we cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any store for the price or on the terms set by us or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. we also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a store.
we may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a store can be sold. we cannot assure you that we will have funds available to correct those defects or to make those improvements. in acquiring a store, we may agree to transfer restrictions that materially restrict us from selling that store for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that store. these transfer restrictions would impede our ability to sell a store even if we deem it necessary or appropriate.
any investments in unimproved real property may take significantly longer to yield income-producing returns, if at all, and may result in additional costs to us to comply with re-zoning restrictions or environmental regulations.
we have invested in the past, and may invest in the future, in unimproved real property. unimproved properties generally take longer to yield income-producing returns based on the typical time required for development. any development of unimproved property may also expose us to the risks and uncertainties associated with re-zoning the land for a higher use or development and environmental concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups. any unsuccessful investments or delays in realizing an income-producing return or increased costs to develop unimproved real estate could restrict our ability to earn our targeted rate of return on an investment or adversely affect our ability to pay operating expenses which would harm our financial condition and operating results.
any negative perceptions of the self-storage industry generally may result in a decline in our stock price.
to the extent that the investing public has a negative perception of the self-storage industry, the value of our securities may be negatively impacted, which could result in our securities trading below the inherent value of our assets.
risks related to our debt financings disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain debt financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us.
uncertainty in the credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional debt financing or to refinance existing debt maturities on favorable terms (or at all), which may negatively affect our ability to make acquisitions and fund development projects. a downturn in the credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing, and may require us to adjust our business plan accordingly. in addition, these factors may make it more difficult for us to sell stores or may adversely affect the price we receive for stores that we do sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing.
16
required payments of principal and interest on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash to operate our stores or to pay the distributions currently contemplated or necessary to maintain our qualification as a reit and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations.
as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $2.4 billion of outstanding indebtedness. we may incur additional debt in connection with future acquisitions and development. we may borrow under our credit lines or borrow new funds to finance these future stores. additionally, we do not anticipate that our internally generated cash flow will be adequate to repay our existing indebtedness upon maturity and, therefore, we expect to repay our indebtedness through refinancings and equity and/or debt offerings. further, we may need to borrow funds in order to make cash distributions to maintain our qualification as a reit or to make our expected distributions.
if we are required to utilize our credit lines for purposes other than acquisition activity, this will reduce the amount available for acquisitions and could slow our growth. therefore, our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could have significant adverse consequences, including the following:
•   our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments;

•   we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, including to make acquisitions or to continue to make distributions required to maintain our qualification as a reit;

•   we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness;

•   because a portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, an increase in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense;

•   we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our stores, possibly on disadvantageous terms;

•   after debt service, the amount available for cash distributions to our stockholders is reduced;

•   our debt level could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with less debt;

•   we may experience increased vulnerability to economic and industry downturns, reducing our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions;

•   we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our stores that secure their loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases;

•   we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgages may enforce our guarantees;

•   we may violate restrictive covenants in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations; and

•   our default under any one of our mortgage loans with cross-default or cross-collateralization provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness or result in the foreclosures of other stores.

increases in interest rates may increase our interest expense and adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and make cash distributions to our stockholders.
as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $2.4 billion of debt outstanding, of which approximately $846 million or 35.5% was subject to variable interest rates (excluding debt with interest rate swaps). this variable rate debt had a weighted average interest rate of approximately 2.0% per annum. increases in interest rates on this variable rate debt would increase our interest expense, which could harm our cash flow and our ability to pay cash distributions. for example, if market rates of interest on this variable rate debt increased by 100 basis points (excluding variable rate debt with interest rate floors), the increase in interest expense would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $8.1 million annually.
17
failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations.
in certain cases we may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements. hedging involves risks, such as the risk that the counterparty may fail to honor its obligations under an arrangement. failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions to our stockholders.
risks related to qualification and operation as a reit to maintain our qualification as a reit, we may be forced to borrow funds on a short-term basis during unfavorable market conditions.
to qualify as a reit, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our net taxable income each year, excluding net capital gains, and we are subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that we distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income each year. in addition, we are subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions made by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. while historically we have satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, a reit is permitted to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, its own stock. assuming we continue to satisfy these distributions requirements with cash, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis, or possibly long-term, to meet the reit distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. these borrowing needs could result from a difference in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for u.s. federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt amortization payments.
dividends payable by reits generally do not qualify for reduced tax rates.
the maximum u.s. federal income tax rate for dividends paid by domestic corporations to individual u.s. stockholders is 20%. dividends paid by reits, however, are generally not eligible for the reduced rates. the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate dividends could cause stockholders who are individuals to perceive investments in reits to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-reit corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of reits, including our securities.
in addition, the relative attractiveness of real estate in general may be adversely affected by the favorable tax treatment given to corporate dividends, which could negatively affect the value of our stores.
possible legislative or other actions affecting reits could adversely affect our stockholders.
the rules dealing with u.s. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the irs and the u.s. treasury department. changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect our stockholders. it cannot be predicted whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws applicable to us or our stockholders will be changed.
the power of our board of directors to revoke our reit election without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders.
our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our reit election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a reit. if we cease to qualify as a reit, we would become subject to u.s. federal income tax on our taxable income and would no longer be required to distribute most of our net taxable income to our stockholders, which may have adverse consequences on the total return to our stockholders.
18
our failure to qualify as a reit would have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our stock.
we believe we operate in a manner that allows us to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes under the internal revenue code. if we fail to qualify as a reit or lose our qualification as a reit at any time, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution for each of the years involved because:
•   we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to u.s. federal income tax at regular corporate rates;

•   we also could be subject to the u.s. federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and

•   unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a reit for four taxable years following a year during which we were disqualified.

in addition, if we fail to qualify as a reit, we will not be required to make distributions to stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders will be subject to tax as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. this means that our u.s. individual stockholders would be taxed on our dividends at capital gains rates, and our u.s. corporate stockholders would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, subject, in each case, to applicable limitations under the internal revenue code. if we fail to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes and are able to avail ourselves of one or more of the relief provisions under the internal revenue code in order to maintain our reit status, we may nevertheless be required to pay penalty taxes of $50,000 or more for each such failure. as a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a reit also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and could adversely affect the value of our securities.
qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex internal revenue code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. the complexity of these provisions and of the applicable treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the internal revenue code is greater in the case of a reit that, like us, holds its assets through a partnership. the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a reit. in order to qualify as a reit, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the composition of our assets, the sources of our gross income and the owners of our stock. our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the fair market value of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our net taxable income, excluding capital gains, and we will be subject to income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent we distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income including capital gains. in addition, legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may adversely affect our investors, our ability to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes or the desirability of an investment in a reit relative to other investments. although we believe that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that is intended to allow us to qualify for taxation as a reit, we can give no assurance that we have qualified or will continue to qualify as a reit for tax purposes. we have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the internal revenue service regarding our qualification as a reit.
we will pay some taxes.
even though we qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we will be required to pay some u.s. federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. extra space management, inc. manages stores for our joint ventures and stores owned by third parties. we, jointly with extra space management, inc., elected to treat extra space management, inc. as a taxable reit subsidiary (“trs”) of our company for u.s. federal income tax purposes. a taxable reit subsidiary is a fully taxable corporation, and may be limited in its ability to
19
deduct interest payments made to us. esm reinsurance limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of extra space management, inc., generates income from insurance premiums that are subject to federal income tax and state insurance premiums tax. in addition, we will be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain amounts if the economic arrangements among our tenants, our taxable reit subsidiary and us are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties or if we receive payments for inventory or property held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. also, if we sell property as a dealer (i.e., to customers in the ordinary course of our trade or business), we will be subject to a 100% penalty tax on any gain arising from such sales. while we don’t intend to sell stores as a dealer, the irs could take a contrary position. to the extent that we are, or our taxable reit subsidiary is, required to pay u.s. federal, state or local taxes, we will have less cash available for distribution to stockholders.
complying with reit requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities.
to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. in order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego attractive business or investment opportunities. thus, compliance with the reit requirements may adversely affect our ability to operate solely to maximize profits.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. we make statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this form 10-k entitled “statements regarding forward-looking information.” certain risk factors may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. for a discussion of such risk factors, see the section in this form 10-k entitled “risk factors.” amounts in thousands, except share and per share data.
overview we are a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or reit, formed to continue the business commenced in 1977 by extra space storage llc and its subsidiaries to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop professionally managed self-storage stores.
at december 31, 2014, we owned, had ownership interests in, or managed 1,088 operating stores in 35 states, washington, d.c. and puerto rico. of these 1,088 operating stores, we owned 557, we held joint venture interests in 271 stores, and our taxable reit subsidiary, extra space management, inc., operated an additional 260 stores that are owned by third parties. these operating stores contain approximately 80.4 million square feet of rentable space in approximately 725,000 units and currently serve a customer base of approximately 650,000 tenants.
our stores are generally situated in convenient, highly visible locations clustered around large population centers such as atlanta, baltimore/washington, d.c., boston, chicago, dallas, houston, las vegas, los angeles, miami, new york city, orlando, philadelphia, phoenix, st. petersburg/tampa and san francisco/oakland. these areas all enjoy above average population growth and income levels. the clustering of our assets around these population centers enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. we consider a store to be in the lease-up stage after it has been issued a certificate of occupancy, but before it has achieved stabilization. a store is considered to be stabilized once it has achieved an 80% occupancy rate for a full year measured as of january 1, or has been open for three years.
to maximize the performance of our stores, we employ industry-leading revenue management systems. developed by our management team, these systems enable us to analyze, set and adjust rental rates in real time across our portfolio in order to respond to changing market conditions. we believe our systems and processes allow us to more proactively manage revenues.
we derive substantially all of our revenues from rents received from tenants under leases at each of our wholly-owned stores, from management fees on the stores we manage for joint-venture partners and unaffiliated third parties, and from our tenant reinsurance program. our management fee is generally equal to approximately 6.0% of cash collected from total revenues generated by the managed stores. we also receive an asset management fee of 0.5% of the total asset value from one of our joint ventures.
we operate in competitive markets, often where consumers have multiple stores from which to choose. competition has impacted, and will continue to impact, our store results. we experience seasonal fluctuations in occupancy levels, with occupancy levels generally higher in the summer months due to increased moving activity. our operating results depend materially on our ability to lease available self-storage units, to actively manage unit rental rates, and on the ability of our tenants to make required rental payments. we believe that we are able to respond quickly and effectively to changes in local, regional and national economic conditions by adjusting rental rates through the combination of our revenue management team and our industry-leading technology systems.
28
we continue to evaluate a range of new initiatives and opportunities in order to enable us to maximize stockholder value. our strategies to maximize stockholder value include the following:
•                                                                                                                                                 maximize the performance of our stores through strategic, efficient and proactive management. we pursue revenue-generating and expense-minimizing opportunities in our operations. our revenue management team seeks to maximize revenue by responding to changing market conditions through our technology system’s ability to provide real-time, interactive rental rate and discount management. our size allows us greater ability than the majority of our competitors to implement more effective online marketing programs, which we believe will attract more customers to our stores at a lower net cost.

•                                                acquire self-storage stores. our acquisitions team continues to pursue the acquisition of multi-store portfolios and single stores that we believe can provide stockholder value. we have established a reputation as a reliable, ethical buyer, which we believe enhances our ability to negotiate and close acquisitions. in addition, we believe our status as an upreit enables flexibility when structuring deals.
we continue to see available acquisitions on which to bid and are seeing increasing prices. however, we remain a disciplined buyer and look for acquisitions that will strengthen our portfolio and increase stockholder value.

•                    expand our management business. our management business enables us to generate increased revenues through management fees and expand our geographic footprint. we believe this expanded footprint enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. in addition, we see our management business as a future acquisition pipeline. we pursue strategic relationships with owners whose stores would enhance our portfolio in the event an opportunity arises to acquire such stores.

critical accounting policies and estimates our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those that impact our most critical accounting policies. we base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from these estimates. we believe the following are our most critical accounting policies:
consolidation: arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights are accounted for as variable interest entities (“vies”). an enterprise is required to consolidate a vie if it is the primary beneficiary of the vie.
a vie is created when (i) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (ii) the entity’s equity holders as a group either: (a) lack the power, through voting or similar rights, to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, (b) are not obligated to absorb expected losses of the entity if they occur, or (c) do not have the right to receive expected residual returns of the entity if they occur. if an entity is deemed to be a vie, the enterprise that is deemed to have a variable interest, or combination of variable interests, that provides the enterprise with a controlling financial interest in the vie is considered the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the vie.
we have concluded that under certain circumstances when we (1) enter into option agreements for the purchase of land or facilities from an entity and pay a non-refundable deposit, or (2) enter into arrangements for the formation of joint ventures, a vie may be created under condition (i), (ii) (b) or (c) of the previous paragraph. for each vie created, we have performed a qualitative analysis, including considering which party, if any, has the power to direct the activities most significant to the economic performance of each vie and whether that
29
party has the obligation to absorb losses of the vie or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could be significant to the vie. if we are determined to be the primary beneficiary of the vie, the assets, liabilities and operations of the vie are consolidated with our financial statements. as of december 31, 2014, we had no consolidated vies. additionally, our operating partnership has notes payable to three trusts that are vies under condition (ii)(a) above. since the operating partnership is not the primary beneficiary of the trusts, these vies are not consolidated.
real estate assets: real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. direct and allowable internal costs associated with the development, construction, renovation, and improvement of real estate assets are capitalized. interest, property taxes, and other costs associated with development incurred during the construction period are capitalized.
expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. major replacements and betterments that improve or extend the life of the asset are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the buildings and improvements, which are generally between 5 and 39 years.
in connection with our acquisition of stores, the purchase price is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired based on their fair values, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. the value of the tangible assets, consisting of land and buildings, is determined as if vacant. intangible assets, which represent the value of existing tenant relationships, are recorded at their fair values based on the avoided cost to replace the current leases. we measure the value of tenant relationships based on the rent lost due to the amount of time required to replace existing customers, which is based on our historical experience with turnover in our facilities. debt assumed as part of an acquisition is recorded at fair value based on current interest rates compared to contractual rates. acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred.
intangible lease rights include: (1) purchase price amounts allocated to leases on three stores that cannot be classified as ground or building leases; these rights are amortized to expense over the term of the leases; and (2) intangibles related to ground leases on five stores where the ground leases were assumed by the company at rates that were different than the current market rates for similar leases. the value associated with these assumed leases were recorded as intangibles, which will be amortized over the lease terms.
evaluation of asset impairment: long lived assets held for use are evaluated for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. we review each store at least annually to determine if any such events or circumstances have occurred or exist. we focus on stores where occupancy and/or rental income have decreased by a significant amount. for these stores, we determine whether the decrease is temporary or permanent and whether the store will likely recover the lost occupancy and/or revenue in the short term. in addition, we review stores in the lease-up stage and compare actual operating results to original projections.
when we determine that an event that may indicate impairment has occurred, we compare the carrying value of the related long-lived assets to the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. an impairment loss is recorded if the net carrying value of the assets exceeds the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. the impairment loss recognized equals the excess of net carrying value over the related fair value of the assets.
when real estate assets are identified as held for sale, we discontinue depreciating the assets and estimate the fair value of the assets, net of selling costs. if the estimated fair values, net of selling costs, of the assets that have been identified for sale are less than the net carrying value of the assets, then a valuation allowance is established. the operations of assets held for sale or sold during the period are generally presented as discontinued operations for all periods presented.
30
investments in real estate ventures: our investments in real estate joint ventures where we have significant influence but not control, and joint ventures which are vies in which we are not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity method of accounting on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
under the equity method, our investment in real estate ventures is stated at cost and adjusted for our share of net earnings or losses and reduced by distributions. equity in earnings of real estate ventures is generally recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate ventures. for the purposes of presentation in the statement of cash flows, we follow the “look through” approach for classification of distributions from joint ventures. under this approach, distributions are reported under operating cash flow unless the facts and circumstances of a specific distribution clearly indicate that it is a return of capital (e.g., a liquidating dividend or distribution of the proceeds from the joint venture’s sale of assets) in which case it is reported as an investing activity.
our management assesses annually whether there are any indicators that the value of our investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures may be impaired and when events or circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. an investment is impaired if management’s estimate of the fair value of the investment, using significant unobservable inputs, is less than its carrying value. to the extent impairment has occurred and is considered to be other than temporary, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the fair value of the investment.
derivative instruments and hedging activities: the accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. derivatives used to hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, are considered fair value hedges. derivatives used to hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges.
for derivatives designated as fair value hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivative and the hedged item related to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. for derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is initially reported in other comprehensive income, outside of earnings and subsequently reclassified to earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings.
revenue and expense recognition: rental revenues are recognized as earned based upon amounts that are currently due from tenants. leases are generally on month-to-month terms. prepaid rents are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the leases. promotional discounts are recognized as a reduction to rental income over the promotional period. late charges, administrative fees, merchandise sales and truck rentals are recognized in income when earned. management fee revenues are recognized monthly as services are performed and in accordance with the terms of the related management agreements. equity in earnings of real estate entities is recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate entities. interest income is recognized as earned.
property expenses, including utilities, property taxes, repairs and maintenance and other costs to manage the facilities are recognized as incurred. we accrue for property tax expense based upon invoice amounts, estimates and historical trends. if these estimates are incorrect, the timing of expense recognition could be affected.
tenant reinsurance premiums are recognized as revenue over the period of insurance coverage. we record an unpaid claims liability at the end of each period based on existing unpaid claims and historical claims payment history. the unpaid claims liability represents an estimate of the ultimate cost to settle all unpaid claims as of each period end, including both reported but unpaid claims and claims that may have been incurred but have not been reported. we use a third party claims administrator to adjust all tenant reinsurance claims received. the administrator evaluates each claim to determine the ultimate claim loss and includes an estimate for claims that may have been incurred but not reported. annually, a third party actuary evaluates the adequacy of the unpaid
31
claims liability. prior year claim reserves are adjusted as experience develops or new information becomes known. the impact of such adjustments is included in the current period operations. the unpaid claims liability is not discounted to its present value. each tenant chooses the amount of insurance coverage they want through the tenant reinsurance program. tenants can purchase policies in amounts of two thousand dollars to ten thousand dollars of insurance coverage in exchange for a monthly fee. our exposure per claim is limited by the maximum amount of coverage chosen by each tenant. we purchase reinsurance for losses exceeding a set amount on any one event. we do not currently have any amounts recoverable under the reinsurance arrangements.
income taxes: we have elected to be treated as a reit under sections 856 through 860 of the internal revenue code. in order to maintain our qualification as a reit, among other things, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our reit taxable income to our stockholders and meet certain tests regarding the nature of our income and assets. as a reit, we are not subject to federal income tax with respect to that portion of our income which meets certain criteria and is distributed annually to our stockholders. we plan to continue to operate so that we meet the requirements for taxation as a reit. many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. if we were to fail to meet these requirements, we would be subject to federal income tax. we are subject to certain state and local taxes. provision for such taxes has been included in income tax expense in our consolidated statements of operations.
we have elected to treat one of our corporate subsidiaries, extra space management, inc., as a taxable reit subsidiary (“trs”). in general, our trs may perform additional services for tenants and generally may engage in any real estate or non-real estate related business. a trs is subject to corporate federal income tax. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions will be recognized in income tax expense when incurred.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update (“asu”) 2014-09, “revenue from contracts with customers” (“asu 2014-09”). asu 2014-09 amends the guidance for revenue recognition to replace numerous, industry-specific requirements and converges areas under this topic with those of the international financial reporting standards. asu 2014-09 outlines a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control, as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. the amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. asu 2014-09 is effective for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, and early adoption is prohibited. entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. management is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of asu 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements.
results of operations comparison of the year ended december 31, 2014 to the year ended december 31, 2013
overview results for the year ended december 31, 2014, included the operations of 828 stores (576 of which were consolidated and 252 of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method) compared to the results for the year ended december 31, 2013, which included the operations of 779 stores (525 of which were consolidated and 254 of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method).
32
revenues the following table presents information on revenues earned for the years indicated:
for the year ended december 31,
2014                      2013                       $ change      % change revenues:
property rental               $559,868                    $446,682        $113,186          25.3   %
tenant reinsurance              59,072                      47,317          11,755          24.8   %
management fees                 28,215                      26,614           1,601           6.0   %
total revenues                $647,155                    $520,613        $126,542          24.3   %
property rental—the change in property rental revenues consists primarily of an increase of $83,651 associated with acquisitions completed in 2014 and 2013. we acquired 51 operating stores during 2014 and 78 operating stores during 2013. in addition, revenues increased by $29,531 as a result of increases in occupancy and rental rates to existing customers at our stabilized stores. we have seen no significant increase in overall customer renewal rates and our average length of stay is approximately 12.9 months. for existing customers we generally seek to increase rental rates approximately 7% to 10% at least annually. occupancy at our stabilized stores increased to 91.0% at december 31, 2014, as compared to 88.4% at december 31, 2013. rental rates to new tenants increased by approximately 3.9% over the same period in the prior year.
tenant reinsurance—the increase in tenant reinsurance revenues was partially due to the increase in overall customer participation to approximately 70.7% at december 31, 2014, compared to approximately 68.7% at december 31, 2013. in addition, we operated 1,088 stores at december 31, 2014, compared to 1,029 stores at december 31, 2013.
management fees—our taxable reit subsidiary, extra space management, inc., manages stores owned by our joint ventures and third parties. management fees generally represent 6.0% of cash collected from stores owned by third parties and unconsolidated joint ventures. the company also earns an asset management fee from the storage portfolio i (“spi”) joint venture, equal to 0.50% multiplied by the total asset value, provided certain conditions are met. the increase in management fees is due to increased revenues at the managed stores.
expenses the following table presents information on expenses for the years indicated:
for the year ended december 31,
2014                       2013                       $ change      % change expenses:
property operations                       $172,416                    $140,012         $32,404          23.1   %
tenant reinsurance                          10,427                       9,022           1,405          15.6   %
acquisition related costs                    9,826                       8,618           1,208          14.0   %
general and administrative                  60,942                      54,246           6,696          12.3   %
depreciation and amortization              115,076                      95,232          19,844          20.8   %
total expenses                            $368,687                    $307,130         $61,557          20.0   %
property operations—the increase in property operations expense consists primarily of an increase of $30,036 related to acquisitions completed in 2014 and 2013. we acquired 51 operating stores during the year ended december 31, 2014 and 78 operating stores during the year ended december 31, 2013.
33
tenant reinsurance—tenant reinsurance expense represents the costs that are incurred to provide tenant reinsurance. the change is due primarily to the increase in the number of stores we owned and/or managed. at december 31, 2014, we owned and/or managed 1,088 stores compared to 1,029 stores at december 31, 2013. in addition, there was an increase in overall customer participation to approximately 70.7% at december 31, 2014 from approximately 68.7% at december 31, 2013.
acquisition related costs—these costs relate to acquisition activities during the periods indicated. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2014 when compared to the prior year was related primarily to the expense of $3,550 of defeasance costs paid in an acquisition in december 2014. this increase was offset by a decrease in the number of stores acquired. we acquired 51 operating stores during 2014, compared to 78 operating stores acquired during 2013.
general and administrative—general and administrative expenses primarily include all expenses not related to our stores, including corporate payroll, travel and professional fees. the expenses are recognized as incurred. general and administrative expense increased over the prior year primarily as a result of the costs related to the management of additional stores. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we acquired 52 stores, 30 of which we did not previously manage. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we acquired 78 stores, 47 of which we did not previously manage. we did not observe any material trends specific to payroll, travel or other expense that contributed significantly to the increase in general and administrative expenses apart from the increase due to the management of additional stores.
depreciation and amortization—depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of the acquisition of new stores. we acquired 51 operating stores during the year ended december 31, 2014, and 78 operating stores during the year ended december 31, 2013.
other income and expenses the following table presents information on other revenues and expenses for the years indicated:
for the year ended december 31,
2014                       2013                       $ change                    % change other income and expenses:
gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions                                                           $(10,285         )                     $960       $(11,245         )          (1,171.4   %)
property casualty loss, net                                                                                                              (1,724   )                        —               (1,724   )             100.0   %
loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition                                                                               —                       (9,153   )            9,153                (100.0   %)
interest expense                                                                                                                        (81,330   )                  (71,630   )           (9,700   )              13.5   %
non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes                           (2,683   )                   (1,404   )           (1,279   )              91.1   %
interest income                                                                                                                           1,607                          749       858                            114.6   %
interest income on note receivable from preferred operating partnership unit holder                                                       4,850                        4,850                    —                     —
equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures                                                                                10,541                       11,653               (1,112   )              (9.5   %)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture                4,022                       46,032              (42,010   )             (91.3   %)
partners’ interests income tax expense                                                                                                                       (7,570   )                   (9,984   )            2,414                 (24.2   %)
total other expense, net                                                                                                         $(82,572         )                 $(27,927   )   $(54,645         )             195.7   %
34
gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions—during 2012, we acquired a portfolio of ten stores located in new jersey and new york. as part of this acquisition, we agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired stores exceeded a specified amount of net rental income two years after the acquisition date. at the acquisition date, we believed that it was unlikely that any significant payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. the rental growth of the stores was significantly higher than expected, resulting in a payment to the sellers of $7,785. this amount is included in gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2014.
during 2011, we acquired a store located in florida. as part of this acquisition, we agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired store exceeded a specified amount of net rental income for any twelve-month period prior to june 30, 2015. at the acquisition date, $133 was recorded as the estimated amount that would be due, and we believed that it was unlikely that any significant additional payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. because the rental growth of the stores is trending significantly higher than expected, we estimated that an additional earnout payment of $2,500 will be due to the seller. this amount is included in gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2014.
the gain on sale of real estate assets recorded for the year ended december 31, 2013 was related to two transactions: (1) we recorded a gain of $800 as a result of the condemnation of a portion of land in california that resulted from eminent domain, and (2) we recorded a gain of $160 as a result of the sale of one store in florida for $3,250 in cash.
property casualty loss, net—in october 2014, a store located in venice, california, was damaged by a fire. as a result, we recorded a loss, net of insurance recoveries, of $1,724.
loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition—the loss on extinguishment of debt occurred as part of a loan assumption and immediate defeasance upon closing of a portfolio acquisition during the year ended december 31, 2013.
interest expense—interest expense increased due to the increase in total amount of debt outstanding. this increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average interest rate. at december 31, 2014, our total face value of debt was $2,379,657 compared to total face value of debt of $1,958,586 at december 31, 2013. the average interest rate was 3.4% as of december 31, 2014, compared to 3.8% as of december 31, 2013.
non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes—represents the amortization of the discount related to the equity component of the exchangeable senior notes issued by our operating partnership, which reflects the 4.0% effective interest rate relative to the carrying amount of the liability. in june 2013, our operating partnership issued $250,000 of its 2.375% exchangeable senior notes due 2033 (the “notes due 2033”).
interest income—interest income represents amounts earned on cash and cash equivalents deposited with financial institutions and interest earned on notes receivable. the increase relates primarily to the increase in the average balance of notes receivable when compared to the prior year.
interest income on note receivable from preferred operating partnership unit holder—represents interest on a $100,000 loan to the holder of the operating partnership’s series a participating redeemable preferred units (the “series a units”).
equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures represents the income earned through our ownership interests in unconsolidated joint ventures. the decrease was due to the acquisition of our joint venture partners’ interests in several joint ventures during 2013. there were 252 operating stores owned by unconsolidated real estate ventures as of december 31, 2014, compared to 254 stores as of december 31, 2013, and 280 as of december 31, 2012.
35
equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners’ interests—between december 2013 and may 2014, as part of a larger acquisition, we acquired our joint venture partners’ 60% to 65% equity interests in six stores located in california. we previously held the remaining 35% to 40% interests in these stores through six separate joint ventures with affiliates of grupe properties co. inc. (“grupe”). prior to the acquisition, we accounted for our interests in these joint ventures as equity-method investments. we recognized a non-cash gain of $3,438 during the year ended december 31, 2014, as a result of re-measuring the fair value of our equity interest in one of these joint ventures held before the acquisition. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded an additional gain of $584 as a result of the final cash distributions received from the other five joint ventures associated with the acquisitions that were completed during 2013. we recognized non-cash gains of $9,339 during the year ended december 31, 2013, which represented the increase in the fair values of our prior interests in the grupe joint ventures from their formations to the acquisition dates.
on november 1, 2013, we acquired an additional 49% equity interest from our joint venture partners, which retained a 1% interest in the hsre-esp ia, llc joint venture (“hsre”) that owns 19 stores. this transaction resulted in a non-cash gain of $34,136, which represents the increase in the fair value of our 50% interest in hsre from the formation of the joint venture to the acquisition date.
in february 2013, we acquired our partners’ equity interests in two joint ventures that each held one store. as a result of the acquisitions, we recognized non-cash gains of $2,556, which represents the increase in the fair values of our prior interests in the joint ventures from their formations to the acquisition dates.
income tax expense—the decrease in income tax expense relates primarily to a royalty charged to the insurance captive by the operating partnership for access to and use of customer lists and intellectual property. the effect of this change lowered the taxable income of the trs.
net income allocated to noncontrolling interests the following table presents information on net income allocated to noncontrolling interests for the years indicated:
for the year ended december 31,
2014                      2013                      $ change               % change net income allocated to noncontrolling interests:
net income allocated to preferred operating partnership noncontrolling interests       $(10,991        )           $(8,006         )   $(2,985         )          37.3   %
net income allocated to operating partnership and other noncontrolling interests              (6,550   )                  (5,474   )          (1,076   )          19.7   %
total income allocated to noncontrolling interests:                                    $(17,541        )           $(13,480        )   $(4,061         )          30.1   %
net income allocated to preferred operating partnership noncontrolling interests—in december 2014, as part of the acquisition of a single store, our operating partnership issued 548,390 series d units. the series d units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit, and receive distributions at an annual rate of 5.0%.
between in december 2013 and may 2014, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our operating partnership issued 704,016 series c convertible redeemable preferred units (“series c units”). the series c units have a liquidation value of $42.10 per unit. from issuance until the fifth anniversary of issuance, the series c units receive distributions at an annual rate of $0.18 plus the then-payable quarterly distribution per common op unit.
36
in april 2014, as part of a single store acquisition, our operating partnership issued 333,360 series b redeemable preferred units (“series b units”). during august and september 2013, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our operating partnership issued 1,342,727 series b units. the series b units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit and receive distributions at an annual rate of 6.0%.
income allocated to the preferred operating partnership noncontrolling interests for the year ended december 31, 2014 represents the fixed distributions paid to the holders of the series a units, series b units, series c units and series d units, plus approximately 0.7% of the remaining net income allocated to the holders of the series a units.
net income allocated to operating partnership and other noncontrolling interests—income allocated to the operating partnership represents approximately 3.5% and 3.6% of net income after the allocation of the fixed distribution paid to the preferred operating partnership unit holders for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
comparison of the year ended december 31, 2013 to the year ended december 31, 2012
overview results for the year ended december 31, 2013, included the operations of 779 stores (525 of which were consolidated and 254 of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method) compared to the results for the year ended december 31, 2012, which included the operations of 729 stores (449 of which were consolidated and 280 of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method).
revenues the following table presents information on revenues earned for the years indicated:
for the year ended december 31,
2013                      2012                       $ change      % change revenues:
property rental               $446,682                    $346,874         $99,808          28.8   %
tenant reinsurance              47,317                      36,816          10,501          28.5   %
management fees                 26,614                      25,706             908           3.5   %
total revenues                $520,613                    $409,396        $111,217          27.2   %
property rental—the change in property rental revenues consists primarily of an increase of $75,401 associated with acquisitions completed in 2013 and 2012. we acquired 78 stores during 2013 and 91 stores during 2012. in addition, revenues increased by $21,551 as a result of increases in occupancy and rental rates to existing customers at our stabilized stores. we have seen no significant increase in overall customer renewal rates; our average length of stay is approximately twelve months. for existing customers we generally seek to increase rental rates approximately 7% to 10% at least annually. occupancy at our stabilized stores increased to 88.0% at december 31, 2013, as compared to 86.3% at december 31, 2012. rental rates to new tenants increased by approximately 2.7% over the same period in the prior year.
tenant reinsurance—the increase in tenant reinsurance revenues was partially due to the increase in overall customer participation to approximately 68.7% at december 31, 2013, compared to approximately 67.0% at december 31, 2012. in addition, we operated 1,029 stores at december 31, 2013, compared to 910 stores at december 31, 2012.
management fees—our taxable reit subsidiary, extra space management, inc., manages stores owned by our joint ventures and third parties. management fees generally represent 6.0% of cash collected from stores owned by third parties and unconsolidated joint ventures. we also earn an asset management fee from the spi joint venture, equal to 0.50% multiplied by the total asset value, provided certain conditions are met.
37
expenses the following table presents information on expenses for the years indicated:
for the year ended december 31,
2013                      2012                       $ change      % change expenses:
property operations                      $140,012                    $114,028         $25,984          22.8   %
tenant reinsurance                          9,022                       7,869           1,153          14.7   %
acquisition related costs                   8,618                       5,351           3,267          61.1   %
general and administrative                 54,246                      50,454           3,792           7.5   %
depreciation and amortization              95,232                      74,453          20,779          27.9   %
total expenses                           $307,130                    $252,155         $54,975          21.8   %
property operations—the increase in property operations expense consists primarily of an increase of $24,335 related to acquisitions completed in 2013 and 2012. we acquired 78 stores during the year ended december 31, 2013 and 91 stores during the year ended december 31, 2012.
tenant reinsurance—tenant reinsurance expense represents the costs that are incurred to provide tenant reinsurance. the change is due primarily to the increase in the number of stores we owned and/or managed. at december 31, 2013, we owned and/or managed 1,029 stores compared to 910 stores at december 31, 2012. in addition, there was an increase in overall customer participation to approximately 68.7% at december 31, 2013 from approximately 67.0% at december 31, 2012.
acquisition related costs—these costs relate to acquisition activities during the periods indicated. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2013 when compared to the prior year was related primarily to the expense of $2,441 of defeasance reimbursement costs paid to the seller in a store acquisition in december 2013.
general and administrative—general and administrative expenses primarily include all expenses not related to our stores, including corporate payroll, travel and professional fees. the expenses are recognized as incurred. general and administrative expenses increased over the prior year primarily as a result of the costs related to the management of additional stores. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we acquired 78 stores, 47 of which we did not previously manage. we did not observe any material trends specific to payroll, travel or other expenses that contributed significantly to the increase in general and administrative expenses apart from the increase due to the management of additional stores.
depreciation and amortization—depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of the acquisition of new stores. we acquired 78 stores during the year ended december 31, 2013, and 91 stores during the year ended december 31, 2012.
38
other income and expenses the following table presents information on other revenues and expenses for the years indicated:
for the year ended december 31,
2013                        2012                          $ change   % change other income and expenses:
gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions                                                                      $960               $—                          $960           100.0%
loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition                                                                          (9,153)                             —          (9,153)           100.0%
interest expense                                                                                                                        (71,630)                      (71,850)              220           (0.3%)
non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes                           (1,404)                         (444)            (960)           216.2%
interest income                                                                                                                              749                         1,816          (1,067)          (58.8%)
interest income on note receivable from preferred operating partnership unit holder                                                        4,850                         4,850                —                —
equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures                                                                                 11,653                        10,859              794             7.3%
equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture                46,032                        30,630           15,402            50.3%
partners' interests income tax expense                                                                                                                       (9,984)                       (5,413)          (4,571)            84.4%
total other expense, net                                                                                                               $(27,927)               $(29,552)                 $1,625           (5.5%)
gain (loss) on sale of real estate assets and earnout from prior acquisitions—the gain on sale of real estate assets recorded for the year ended december 31, 2013 was related to two transactions: (1) we recorded a gain of $800 as a result of the condemnation of a portion of land in california that resulted from eminent domain, and (2) we recorded a gain of $160 as a result of the sale of one store in florida for $3,250 in cash.
loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition—the loss on extinguishment of debt occurred as part of a loan assumption and immediate defeasance upon closing of a portfolio acquisition during the year ended december 31, 2013.
interest expense—interest expense remained fairly constant as the increase in the total amount of debt outstanding was offset by a decrease in the average interest rate. at december 31, 2013, our total face value of debt was $1,958,586, compared to total face value of debt of $1,574,280 at december 31, 2012. the average interest rate was 3.8% as of december 31, 2013, compared to 4.2% as of december 31, 2012.
non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes—our operating partnership had $87,663 of its 3.625% exchangeable senior notes due 2027 (the “notes due 2027”) outstanding prior to april 2012, when all of the notes due 2027 were surrendered for exchange. in june 2013, our operating partnership issued $250,000 of its notes due 2033.
interest income—interest income represents amounts earned on cash and cash equivalents deposited with financial institutions and interest earned on notes receivable. the decrease relates primarily to the payoff of two note receivables in december 2012 when the related stores were purchased by us.
interest income on note receivable from preferred operating partnership unit holder—represents interest on a $100,000 loan to the holder of the series a units.
39
equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—the increase in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures was due primarily to an increase in revenues at joint ventures, which resulted from higher occupancy and rental rates to new and existing customers. this increase was partially offset by a slight decrease in equity in earnings due to the acquisition of our joint venture partners’ interests in several joint ventures during 2012 and 2013.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners’ interests—in december 2013, we acquired our partners’ equity interest in five joint ventures that each held one store. each of these joint venture partners was associated with grupe. as a result of these transactions, we recorded non-cash gains of $9,339, which represents the increase in the fair values of our prior interests in the grupe joint ventures from their formations to the acquisition dates.
on november 1, 2013, we acquired an additional 49% equity interest from our joint venture partners, which retained a 1% interest in hsre. this transaction resulted in a non-cash gain of $34,136, which represents the increase in the fair value of our 50% interest in hsre from the formation of the joint venture to the acquisition date.
in february 2013, we acquired our partners’ equity interests in two joint ventures that each held one store. as a result of the acquisitions, we recognized non-cash gains of $2,556, which represents the increase in the fair values of our prior interests in the joint ventures from their formations to the acquisition dates.
in december 2012, two joint ventures in which we held a 20% equity interest, each sold its only store. as a result of the sales, the joint ventures were dissolved, and we received cash proceeds which resulted in a gain of $1,409.
on november 30, 2012, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 80% interest in the storage portfolio bravo ii llc joint venture (“spb ii”). this transaction resulted in a non-cash gain of $10,171, which represents the increase in fair value of our 20% interest in spb ii from the formation of the joint venture to the acquisition date.
on july 2, 2012, we acquired prudential real estate investors’ (“prei®”) 94.9% interest in the ess prisa iii llc joint venture (“prisa iii”). this transaction resulted in a non-cash gain of $13,499, which represents the increase in fair value of our 5.1% interest in prisa iii from the formation of the joint venture to the acquisition date.
in february 2012, a joint venture in which we held a 40% equity interest sold its only store. as a result of the sale, the joint venture was dissolved, and we received cash proceeds which resulted in a gain of $5,550.
income tax expense—the increase in income tax expense relates primarily to increased tenant reinsurance income earned by our taxable reit subsidiary and lower solar tax credits when compared to the prior year.
40
net income allocated to noncontrolling interests the following table presents information on net income allocated to noncontrolling interests for the years indicated:
for the year ended december 31,
2013                      2012                      $ change               % change net income allocated to noncontrolling interests:
net income allocated to preferred operating partnership noncontrolling interests       $(8,006         )           $(6,876         )   $(1,130         )          16.4   %
net income allocated to operating partnership and other noncontrolling interests              (5,474   )                  (3,504   )          (1,970   )          56.2   %
total income allocated to noncontrolling interests:                                    $(13,480        )           $(10,380        )   $(3,100         )          29.9   %
net income allocated to preferred operating partnership noncontrolling interests—in december 2013, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our operating partnership issued 407,996 series c units. the series c units have a liquidation value of $42.10 per unit. from issuance until the fifth anniversary of issuance, the series c units receive distributions at an annual rate of $0.18 plus the then-payable quarterly distribution per common op unit.
during august and september 2013, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our operating partnership issued 1,342,727 series b units. the series b units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit and receive distributions at an annual rate of 6.0%.
income allocated to the preferred operating partnership noncontrolling interests for the year ended december 31, 2013 represents the fixed distributions paid to the holders of the series a units, series b units, and series c units plus approximately 0.9% of the remaining net income allocated after adjustment for the fixed distribution paid.
for the year ended december 31, 2012, income allocated to the preferred operating partnership noncontrolling interest equals the fixed distribution paid to the series a unit holder, plus approximately 0.9% of the remaining net income allocated after the adjustment for the fixed distribution paid. the increase in the percentage was primarily a result of the issuance of the series b units and series c units as noted above.
net income allocated to operating partnership and other noncontrolling interests—income allocated to the operating partnership represents approximately 3.6% and 2.9% of net income after the allocation of the fixed distribution paid to the preferred operating partnership unit holders for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
funds from operations ffo provides relevant and meaningful information about our operating performance that is necessary, along with net income and cash flows, for an understanding of our operating results. we believe ffo is a meaningful disclosure as a supplement to net earnings. net earnings assume that the values of real estate assets diminish predictably over time as reflected through depreciation and amortization expenses. the values of real estate assets fluctuate due to market conditions and we believe ffo more accurately reflects the value of our real estate assets. ffo is defined by the national association of real estate investment trusts, inc. (“nareit”) as net income computed in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (“gaap”), excluding gains or losses on sales of operating stores and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate assets, plus depreciation and amortization and after adjustments to record unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures on the same basis. we believe that to further understand our performance, ffo should be considered along with the reported net income and cash flows in accordance with gaap, as presented in the consolidated financial statements.
41
the computation of ffo may not be comparable to ffo reported by other reits or real estate companies that do not define the term in accordance with the current nareit definition or that interpret the current nareit definition differently. ffo does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with gaap, and should not be considered as an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to net cash flow from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity, or as an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions.
the following table presents the calculation of ffo for the periods indicated:
for the year ended december 31,
2014                      2013                         2012
net income attributable to common stockholders                                    $178,355                     $172,076                     $117,309
adjustments:
real estate depreciation                                                            96,819                       78,943                       64,301
amortization of intangibles                                                         12,394                       11,463                        6,763
(gain) loss on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions              10,285                         (960   )                        —
unconsolidated joint venture real estate depreciation and amortization               4,395                        5,676                        7,014
unconsolidated joint venture gain on purchase of partners’ interests                (4,022   )                  (46,032   )                  (30,630   )
distributions paid on series a preferred operating partnership units                (5,750   )                   (5,750   )                   (5,750   )
income allocated to operating partnership noncontrolling interests                  17,530                       13,431                       10,349
funds from operations                                                             $310,006                     $228,847                     $169,356
same-store results we consider our same-store portfolio to consist of only those stores which were wholly-owned at the beginning and at the end of the applicable periods presented that had achieved stabilization as of the first day of such period. the following tables present operating data for our same-store portfolio. we consider the following same-store presentation to be meaningful in regards to the stores shown below because these results provide information relating to store level operating changes without the effects of acquisitions or completed developments.
comparison of the year ended december 31, 2014 to the year ended december 31, 2013
for the three months         percent                                for the year ended         percent ended december 31,          change                                      december 31,          change
2014                      2013                               2014                   2013
same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues                   $121,819                    $113,546             7.3   %         $477,884                     $444,353             7.5   %
same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses                  34,669                      33,942             2.1   %          139,835                      135,547             3.2   %
same-store net operating income                                      $87,150                     $79,604             9.5   %         $338,049                     $308,806             9.5   %
non same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues                $38,317                     $21,684            76.7   %         $141,056                      $49,646           184.1   %
non same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses             $10,971                      $5,832            88.1   %          $43,008                      $13,487           218.9   %
total rental and tenant reinsurance revenues                        $160,136                    $135,230            18.4   %         $618,940                     $493,999            25.3   %
total operating and tenant reinsurance expenses                      $45,640                     $39,774            14.7   %         $182,843                     $149,034            22.7   %
same-store square foot occupancy as of quarter end                      91.4     %                  89.5   %                             91.4     %                   89.5   %
properties included in same-store                                        442                         442                                  442                          442
42
the increases in same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues for the three months and year ended december 31, 2014, as compared to the same periods ended december 31, 2013, were due primarily to an increase in occupancy, a decrease in discounts to new customers, and an average increase of 4.0% to 5.0% in incoming rates to new tenants. expenses were higher for the year ended december 31, 2014 due to increases in office expense, property taxes and repairs and maintenance. these expenses were partially offset by a decrease in property insurance in the three months and year ended december 31, 2014.
comparison of the year ended december 31, 2013 to the year ended december 31, 2012
for the three months         percent                                for the year ended         percent ended december 31,          change                                      december 31,          change
2013                      2012                               2013                   2012
same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues                    $88,056                     $82,603             6.6   %         $345,825                     $321,962             7.4   %
same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses                  26,071                      25,704             1.4   %          104,377                      102,379             2.0   %
same-store net operating income                                      $61,985                     $56,899             8.9   %         $241,448                     $219,583            10.0   %
non same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues                $47,174                     $24,834            90.0   %         $148,174                      $61,728           140.0   %
non same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses             $13,703                      $8,819            55.4   %          $44,657                      $19,518           128.8   %
total rental and tenant reinsurance revenues                        $135,230                    $107,437            25.9   %         $493,999                     $383,690            28.7   %
total operating and tenant reinsurance expenses                      $39,774                     $34,523            15.2   %         $149,034                     $121,897            22.3   %
same-store square foot occupancy as of quarter end                      89.2     %                  87.9   %                             89.2     %                   87.9   %
the increases in same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues for the three months and year ended december 31, 2013, as compared to the same periods ended december 31, 2012, were due primarily to an increase in average occupancy, a decrease in discounts to new customers, and an average increase of 2.0% to 3.0% in incoming rates to new tenants. the increases in same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses for the three months and year ended december 31, 2013 were primarily due to increases in payroll, property taxes and repairs and maintenance expenses.
cash flows comparison of the year ended december 31, 2014 to the year ended december 31, 2013
cash provided by operating activities was $337,581 and $271,259 for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the change when compared to the prior year was primarily due to a decrease of $42,594 in non-cash gains related to purchases of joint venture partners’ interests. there was also a $10,340 increase in net income and an increase in depreciation and amortization of $19,844. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in the loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition of $9,153.
cash used in investing activities was $564,948 and $366,976 for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the change was primarily the result of an increase of $153,579 in the amount of cash used to acquire new stores in 2014 when compared to 2013. there was also an increase of $24,258 in cash used to purchase/issue notes receivable, and an increase of $17,062 in cash used in the development and redevelopment of real estate assets.
cash provided by financing activities was $148,307 and $191,655 for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the net decrease was due to a number of factors, including a decrease of $205,988 in the cash proceeds received from the sale of common stock, a decrease of $246,250 in the proceeds from issuance of
43
exchangeable senior notes, and an increase of $47,077 in cash paid as dividends on common stock. these decreases were offset by an increase of $335,479 in the proceeds from notes payable and lines of credit, and a decrease of $131,244 in principal payments on notes payable and lines of credit.
comparison of the year ended december 31, 2013 to the year ended december 31, 2012
cash provided by operating activities was $271,259 and $215,879 for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the change when compared to the prior year was primarily due to a $57,867 increase in net income. there was also an increase in depreciation and amortization of $20,779 and an increase of $9,153 in loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition. these increases were partially offset by an increase in the non-cash gain on the purchase of joint venture partners’ interests of $22,362.
cash used in investing activities was $366,976 and $606,938 for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the change was primarily the result of a decrease of $249,061 in the amount of cash used to acquire new stores in 2013 when compared to 2012.
cash provided by financing activities was $191,655 and $395,360 for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the net decrease was due to a number of factors, including a decrease of $223,600 in the cash proceeds received from the sale of common stock, a decrease of $492,078 in the proceeds from notes payable and lines of credit, and an increase in cash paid for dividends of $74,727. these decreases in cash were partially offset by an increase of $246,250 in proceeds received from the issuance of the notes due 2033, a decrease of $257,459 in cash used for principal payments on notes payable and lines of credit, including defeasance, and an increase of $87,663 in cash paid to repurchase the notes due 2027.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2014, we had $47,663 available in cash and cash equivalents. we intend to use this cash for acquisitions, to repay debt scheduled to mature in 2015 and for general corporate purposes. we are required to distribute at least 90% of our net taxable income, excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders on an annual basis to maintain our qualification as a reit.
our cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts managed by third party financial institutions and consist of invested cash and cash in our operating accounts. during 2014, we experienced no loss or lack of access to our cash or cash equivalents; however, there can be no assurance that access to our cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets.
the following table presents information on our lines of credit for the period presented. all of our lines of credit are guaranteed by us and secured by mortgages on certain real estate assets.
as of december 31, 2014
line of credit   amount                    capacity (1)                   interest       origination          maturity            basis rate (2)              notes drawn (1)                                                    rate       date credit line 1    $7,000                    $85,000                             2.1   %             6/4/2010            6/3/2016             libor plus 1.9%     (3)
credit line 2           41,000                      50,000                     1.9   %           11/16/2010           2/13/2017             libor plus 1.8%     (4)
credit line 3           50,000                      80,000                     1.9   %            4/29/2011          11/18/2016             libor plus 1.7%     (4)
credit line 4           40,000                      50,000                     1.8   %            9/29/2014           9/29/2017             libor plus 1.7%     (4)
$138,000                  $265,000
(1)   amounts in thousands

(2)   30-day usd libor

(3)   one two-year extension available

(4)   two one-year extensions available

44
as of december 31, 2014, we had $2,379,657 face value of debt, resulting in a debt to total capitalization ratio of 24.8%. as of december 31, 2014, the ratio of total fixed rate debt and other instruments to total debt was 64.5% (including $771,533 on which we have interest rate swaps that have been included as fixed-rate debt). the weighted average interest rate of the total of fixed and variable rate debt at december 31, 2014 was 3.4%. certain of our real estate assets are pledged as collateral for our debt. we are subject to certain restrictive covenants relating to our outstanding debt. we were in compliance with all financial covenants at december 31, 2014.
we expect to fund our short-term liquidity requirements, including operating expenses, recurring capital expenditures, dividends to stockholders, distributions to holders of op units and interest on our outstanding indebtedness out of our operating cash flow, cash on hand and borrowings under our credit lines. in addition, we are pursuing additional term loans secured by unencumbered stores.
our liquidity needs consist primarily of cash distributions to stockholders, store acquisitions, principal payments under our borrowings and non-recurring capital expenditures. we may from time to time seek to repurchase our outstanding debt, shares of common stock or other securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. in addition, we evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of strategic acquisitions and other relationships, which may require us to raise additional funds. we do not expect that our operating cash flow will be sufficient to fund our liquidity needs and instead expect to fund such needs out of additional borrowings of secured or unsecured indebtedness, joint ventures with third parties, and from the proceeds of public and private offerings of equity and debt. additional capital may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all. any additional issuance of equity or equity-linked securities may result in dilution to our stockholders. in addition, any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of our common stock. we may also use op units as currency to fund acquisitions from self-storage owners who desire tax-deferral in their exiting transactions.
off-balance sheet arrangements except as disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, we do not currently have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purposes entities, which typically are established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. further, except as disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities nor do we have any commitments or intent to provide funding to any such entities. accordingly, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these relationships.
contractual obligations the following table presents information on future payments due by period as of december 31, 2014:
payments due by period:
total                       less than                     1-3 years                3-5 years           after
1 year                                                                     5 years operating leases                                             $65,386                     $6,125                           $8,782                   $5,186           $45,293
notes payable, notes payable to trusts and lines of credit interest                                                               349,846                   74,769                  108,613                   60,603                  105,861
principal                                                            2,379,657                  251,466                  799,641                  824,089                  504,461
total contractual obligations                                $2,794,889                  $332,360                       $917,036                 $889,878           $655,615
the operating leases above include minimum future lease payments on leases for 17 of our operating stores as well as leases of our corporate offices. two ground leases include additional contingent rental payments based on the level of revenue achieved at the store.
45
as of december 31, 2014, the weighted average interest rate for all fixed rate loans was 4.1%, and the weighted average interest rate on all variable rate loans was 2.0%.
financing strategy we will continue to employ leverage in our capital structure in amounts reviewed from time to time by our board of directors. although our board of directors has not adopted a policy which limits the total amount of indebtedness that we may incur, we will consider a number of factors in evaluating our level of indebtedness from time to time, as well as the amount of such indebtedness that will be either fixed or variable rate. in making financing decisions, we will consider factors including but not limited to:
•   the interest rate of the proposed financing;

•   the extent to which the financing impacts flexibility in managing our stores;

•   prepayment penalties and restrictions on refinancing;

•   the purchase price of stores acquired with debt financing;

•   long-term objectives with respect to the financing;

•   target investment returns;

•   the ability of particular stores, and our company as a whole, to generate cash flow sufficient to cover expected debt service payments;

•   overall level of consolidated indebtedness;

•   timing of debt and lease maturities;

•   provisions that require recourse and cross-collateralization;

•   corporate credit ratios including debt service coverage, debt to total capitalization and debt to undepreciated assets; and

•   the overall ratio of fixed and variable rate debt.

our indebtedness may be recourse, non-recourse or cross-collateralized. if the indebtedness is non-recourse, the collateral will be limited to the particular stores to which the indebtedness relates. in addition, we may invest in stores subject to existing loans collateralized by mortgages or similar liens on our stores, or may refinance stores acquired on a leveraged basis. we may use the proceeds from any borrowings to refinance existing indebtedness, to refinance investments, including the redevelopment of existing stores, for general working capital or to purchase additional interests in partnerships or joint ventures or for other purposes when we believe it is advisable.
we may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt, as well as shares of common stock or other securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
seasonality the self-storage business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. a greater portion of revenues and profits are realized from may through september. historically, our highest level of occupancy has been at the end of july, while our lowest level of occupancy has been in late february and early march. results for any quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.
46
